################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-30 - Bro. Aaron Oglesby Total War for Total Victory - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-30
Title:   Bro. Aaron Oglesby: Total War for Total Victory
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qHg4CTI00Q
========================================

Description:
Bro. Aaron Oglesby: Total War for Total Victory
Sunday Service: April 30, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'd like to speak to you for just a just a moment. Excuse me. On total war for total victory. Total war for total victory. In our scripture reading here, the Lord is speaking of what it is that he's going to do for Israel as they come and and take the promised land. And and and as it is with the Lord, he's speaking very straightforward. Um he he doesn't speak in may. He doesn't speak in in hopeos. He says, "When I bring you to the land," notice there isn't a hopefully we get there. Um I'm I'm sure hoping that we get through the wilderness and that you should know. He says, "When I bring you to the land," and he says then once again in verse two, he says, "And when the Lord shall deliver them before or deliver them unto thee." This is this is how our God operates. Our God doesn't operate in uncertain terms. when when he speaks a word or he makes a promise, that word is going to come to pass. No matter what it is, he has to do in order to bring it to pass. There there's no stone that he's going to leave unturned. He he told Abraham, he said, "Thy seed shall sojourn in a strange land for for 400 years, and then they're going to be slaves." He says, "But after that, they're going to be delivered and I'm" and there's already a land waiting for them that they're going to go to and that they're going to possess. And now if you look at that through our eyes, there were a lot of circumstances that made that seem quite impossible. There were a lot of circumstances that made it seem like h how is this going to come to pass? First of all, they were slaves. Not only were they slaves, but they were slaves to the mightiest kingdom in the world. Egypt was mighty. And between Egypt and the promised land, there was a Red Sea. And and and in there was a wilderness. And in that wilderness, there were serpents. And in that wilderness, they needed food. And in that wilderness, they needed water. And once they crossed that wilderness, then there was Jericho. And then once they got past Jericho, there were other nations that were mightier than them that possessed the land already. But the Lord said, "I'm going to take you to the land, and I'm going to deliver them into your hands." Listen this morning. The Lord doesn't just say things. The Lord doesn't just put things on the Bible to take up to take up room on a page. I'll take it a step further. He didn't have a prophet just say things to take up room on a tape. If he said things, if he gave you promises, and I promise you today, he's going to keep his promise. If he said he's the healer, he's still the healer today. If he said he's the savior, he's still the savior today. If he said he'd give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost is still for you today. Amen. Our God doesn't just say things. He doesn't play war as as it is. Once he has spoken something, he's going to do whatever it takes to bring it to pass. Listen, Pharaoh thought he could stop them. What happened to Pharaoh? They were destroyed. The Red Sea got in the way, but the Red Sea was rolled back. They were hungry, so food fell. Mana fell. They were thirsty, so water came from the rock. Listen, they walked right through the River Jordan at the middle of flood stage. And then the walls of Jericho fell. Why did ALL THOSE THINGS HAPPEN? BECAUSE the Lord had made a promise. Listen, there's been a promise in this day that he's going to have a church that takes a rapture. And whatever it is that's in your way, whatever it is that's slowing you down, just remember he said I could have the rapture. HE SAID, "I TAKE A BODY CHANGE." SO WHATEVER IT TAKES, WHATEVER'S HINDERING YOU, WHATEVER IS IN THE WAY TODAY, our God is going to bring it down at your feet. Amen. I believe that this morning, it didn't matter what had to happen to fulfill his word, he was going to do it. That should give us such courage this morning. Why? Why, brother? And because there's been a word spoken over you. There's been a word that said, "I'll have a church without spot or wrinkle." How's he going to DO THAT? I DON'T KNOW. I DIDN'T SAY IT. I don't know. I'm not the one that made the promise. I look at myself in the mirror and I go, "Lord, I alone messed that scripture up." There's plenty of spots and plenty of wrinkles RIGHT HERE, BUT I'M NOT THE one that gave that promise. He said he would have a church. He's Listen, there's a VISION THAT'S ALREADY SAW THE BRIDE GOING UP. When others went down, you went up. SO, I'M TELLING YOU TODAY, TAKE COURAGE. He's going to bring it to pass. Amen. It doesn't matter what he has to do. Well, brother Aaron, you don't understand. My problems are really stacking up. Join the club. My difficulties, this is going wrong. My job situation, the marriage situation. Come on, real talk. My kids are struggling. This one's gone out into the world. My problems are really stacking up. That's okay because in our opening scripture, if you read it, God tells them there are seven different nations there and they're all greater than you. You talk about problems stacking up. You talk about the odds being against you. All seven of them by themselves can whoop you and you're going to face all seven of them. Seven nations greater and mightier than thou. But listen, let me remind you of something. The strength of your enemies only serves to magnitude the greatness of your God. The strength of your trial only serves to magnify the greatness of the victory that he's going to deliver you in. Amen. Amen. And and and as soon as he lets them know how impossible it's going to be. There's seven nations greater than you. THERE'S A LOT FACING YOU IN LEOSA. There's a lot of things trying TO HINDER YOU FROM YOUR VICTORY. There's a lot of things trying to keep you from making it to the end to the rapture. And as soon as he tells them how difficult it's going to be, he says, "And when the Lord shall deliver them before thee, thou shalt smite them." And I'm telling you today, he's not going to withhold any resource from you. He's not going to withhold any promise from you. He will employ whatever force is necessary. THINK RIGHT NOW WITHIN YOURSELF, WHAT is it that you're facing today? What is the trial in your home? What is the trial in your heart? What is the trial in your family? And then think, and when the Lord shall deliver me. And when I come out of this trial and when I am victorious. NOT IF, NOT MAYBE, but Lord, I know it's going to happen. YOUR WORD DECLARED IT. YOUR WORD PROMISED IT. AND WHEN I COME THROUGH THIS, HALLELUJAH. You can rejoice in that this morning. The Lord Jesus didn't bring them out and abandon them in the wilderness. Church, it's important to understand that the message not only took them out. How many's happy you've been brought out? But the message was also to take them through and take them in. He didn't bring us here to abandon us. He didn't call us to leave us. Hallelujah. Was it going to be easy? Not a chance. There won't be one inch of this journey that's going to be easy. Why? Well, because we're in a battle. That's right. Battles aren't easy. Battles are difficult. But the Lord says, "I will deliver the enemy into your hands." And then he didn't stop there. You have a job to do. He says, "I'm going to deliver them into your hands, and you shall smite them." You shall smite them. We can't forget the part that we have to play in our victory. Amen. He delivers the enemy, but then you shall smite them. Prophet of God says, "Remember, we are not on a picnic, but we're in a battlefield." Many people just think that when they become a Christian, that that's all they need to do. That that settles it forever as they are a Christian and everything's going to come easy. Don't never get that in your head. For I become a Christian to fight the good fight of faith. I become a Christian to get in the battle lines. Amen. He says, "Now, Satan will constantly punch at you until you're finished here on the earth." Amen. He says, "Just remember that you'll never have a time, but what? There's a punching going on all the time." Can you testify that to be the truth? Amen. HE SAYS, "BECAUSE YOU'RE IN A BATTLE." DID YOU ask to come to Christ to go on a picnic? Well, you're sure going to be surprised because it's a constant battle. Church, this should scare you to death this morning if the devil's not hot on your trail. It should scare you to death if he's not fighting you at every turn. If he's not fighting you at every turn, you might want to stop for a minute and check up and say, "Am I even on the right road? Lord, am I am I where I'm supposed to be?" Because he's going to be waring at you. Brother Brandham says when you get filled with the Holy Ghost, it just puts a big target on you. It makes you the target of every gun in hell. Listen, I'm not scared to be the target because I've got a shield. Amen. Amen. There's armor that we can put on this morning. The whole armor of God. I'm not afraid to be a target because my general is the mighty conqueror. I'm not afraid this morning to go into battle. Hallelujah. Now, listen. I I didn't come here to bear bad news, [clears throat] but it's not going to get any easier. You know, I hate to be a little bit of a downer as as the kids might would say, but it's not. Things aren't getting better. Things in this world aren't fitting to improve. And it doesn't matter who we vote for. Things aren't going to be pre improved. There's a prophecy. We know the direction that things have to go. But I'm not worried about it this morning. I'm not worried about how evil things get because our God is a God of total war. Amen. Victory will be won by whatever means is necessary. That's his attitude this morning towards you. That's his attitude towards his bride. And he expects it to be your attitude as well. Because God God is allin. He He's not halfway. He didn't send somebody else to die for you. He came. In this day, it wasn't just, you know what, uh, send somebody. He came down. The mighty angel came down. Only Christ it could be. He He's been all in. And he expects his people to be all in. totally committed, totally surrendered, willing to do whatever it takes, willing to do whatever he commands even when we don't understand. That's the hard one because we like to understand things. But even when we don't understand, are we totally committed? Are we willing to say yes, Lord, even if it cuts us in the process? Even if the preacher steps on our toes, if what the preacher said came out of the word, then let it step on your toes. Even when it goes against our idea and our opinion listen, we live in a Burger King society. Your way right away at Burger King. Now, this isn't a Burger King gospel. He said, "I am the truth. I am the way." Not I. He said, "I." Sorry. He said, "I'm the truth. I'm the way." There's only one way. There's only one truth. And sometimes IT'S NOT EASY, BUT WE LOOK AT IT AND WE SAY, "LORD, I'M NOT THERE YET, BUT LORD, CONFORM me to your word. Lord, I don't want to change the word. I don't want to CHANGE THE TARGET, BUT I WANT MY LIFE TO MATCH THAT WORD, LORD. Even if it's hard, EVEN IF IT'S DIFFICULT, EVEN IF I DON'T UNDERSTAND, let me be conformed, Lord, to that word. Even if it's what we've held on to for years and years and years, even if it's what daddy and mommy believe so strongly." Now, that one's hard sometimes. That one's real hard because sometimes we believe that if we walk into a furtherance of light or something different from mom and dad that it condemns mom and dad. That's not true. You have to walk in the light that God opens before you. You're responsible for the way the Lord reveals the word in your life and you're responsible to walk in that. Hallelujah. Nothing today we can't allow anything to stand in our way of total victory. A halfway victory is not going to rapture this bride. Do you believe that this morning? What did he say there at the end of our opening verse? He said, "Thou shalt smite them and utterly destroy them. Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them." It's time we realize that we're not playing games. It's time that to realize that we're not playing church. Listen, how many of you is the devil taking it easy on you? No, he's not taking it easy on you. He's not taking it easy on your family. He's not taking it easy on on the bride around the world. He's not taking it easy on this church. It's time that we quit making covenants with the devil. Quit trying to sit back and out strategize him. Sit back and outthink him. Sit back and out debate him. And it's time that we buckle up for battle this morning. We've been taking it easy on him far too long. It says, "Smite him and utterly destroy him and quit making covenants with him and show him no mercy because this is total war." Amen. It's time to quit trying to learn how to live with devils. That's right. And start destroying devils. Amen. I believe we've been commissioned to do that in this hour. Amen. That's right. It's time to QUIT PUTTING THINGS OFF TO THE future or or saying that it's all past and face the facts today that this bride is called to manifest Jesus on the earth again. What he did in THE GROOM BODY IS WHAT THE BRIDE'S GOING TO DO. WHERE he went, DEVILS WERE CAST OUT. WHERE he went, SATAN'S KINGDOM WAS DESTROYED. HE SAID, "I'VE COME TO DESTROY THE WORKS of the devil." Then what has the bride been put here to do? THINK ABOUT IT NOW. LET'S QUIT PUTTING IT in the past. Let's quit thinking about it somewhere in the future. dwell in the millennium will HAVE THE I DON'T NEED HEALING in the millennium. Prophet of God said that. He said the original church at Pentecost with the power of God. Mark 16 in action is the true church that Jesus claims as his own. All else All Lord, but everything in the world can fit into there. All else is false. It has to be. The prophet would tell us that to place these things in days gone by or saying the apostolic age has ended, he would said that's seed of discrepancy. That is seed of discrepancy. It's it's time for us to fight for what God gave to us in this age. It's time for us to fight and quit going, "Well, I I don't know about achieving that. I don't know about Listen, he didn't put it in the message to take up space. He put it there because it was YOURS TO POSSESS. OF COURSE, THE DEVIL would love to rob you of the power that's been restored to you IN THIS DAY. OF COURSE, HE'LL convince you that it's okay. Just be cold and formal. We don't need those things. WHY DOES HE TRY TO CONVINCE YOU OF THAT? BECAUSE THAT'S THE VERY WEAPON THAT YOU turn on him. If you're afraid to put the word of God in your lips and GO ON THE ATTACK, THEN THE DEVIL HAS YOU DEFEATED. BUT HE KNOWS WHAT BROTHER BRANDHAM SAID. THE DEVIL KNOWS THAT IF YOU EVER GET THE TRUE REVELATION OF WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU'RE CALLED TO BE AND THAT YOU CAN do the greater works, THE DEVIL KNOWS. SO HE TRIES TO KEEP YOU FROM KNOWING BECAUSE IN YOUR REVELATION OF WHO YOU ARE, THAT'S WHERE YOU BECOME the invincible army. Hallelujah. It's time to fight for what God has given us. Amen. Time to quit living below our privileges as the prophet of God would tell us and to operate in the full power that has been open to us in this day. Hallelujah. Quit trying to to you got to be careful how you say things because I believe in in teaching teaching right there in the Bible. They're supposed to be teachers. All right. But but but but there's a difference between teaching anointed by the Holy Ghost and a lecture that you would get at the university. True. So, it's time that we quit trying to teach people about the about how to overcome a devil and just get them to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And they'll learn in an instant there'll be something a river of life, a well upspring in their soul. You won't have to teach them how to overcome. There'll be a power. They can say, "Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world." I believe in good teaching. But we need to get people to the baptism OF THE HOLY GHOST. Then they'll overcome their problems. Then they'll overcome in this world. Amen. Yes. Quit trying to make peace through coping and cut his head. Listen, Saul and his army coped with Goliath. Right. They learned how to cope with it. But David didn't cope with it. That's right. David dealt with it. David went on the attack and cut his head off. I say it's time this morning that we give the devil no peace. It's time to come out the tents. He's been walking in your valley long enough this morning. He's been walking on your joy long enough. He's been walking on your peace long enough, threatening you and call out. He's been walking ALL THROUGH YOUR LIFE BRINGING ANXIETY and depression and fears. And he's down there and he's intimidated some of you. Some of you don't want to come out of the tent, BUT THIS MORNING MAY YOU HEAR THE WORD OF THE LORD WITH A NEW SET of ears. Brother Brandham said there was a new set of ears in the camp that day that heard the boast. AND HE SAID, "WHO IS THIS UNCIRCUMCISED PHILISTINE?" I say the same thing. The one that's tried to bring those THINGS IN YOUR LIFE. WHO IS THAT UNCIRCUMCISED PHILISTINE? COME OUT OF THE TENT THIS MORNING. GO INTO THE VALLEY THIS MORNING. GO INTO THE VALLEY AND SAY, "ON THIS DAY, ALL WILL KNOW THAT THERE'S A GOD IN ISRAEL BECAUSE I've come to take your head off." Hallelujah. Praise God. Brother Brandham says, "What we need is old-fashioned, God-Scent, heaven-born preachers who will tell the truth regardless who it hurts." Amen. Like John who said, "The axe is laid to the root of the tree, and every tree that not bringeth forth good fruits is heuned down and cast into the fire." We need preachers, prophets like that who will bombard and use the judgments of God for ammunition to tear up this wicked condition that we're living in. Amen. Now, here's what I was trying to get to. You can never rid sin by patting it on the back. That's right. You can never rid sin by educating people. Our programs has become demolished and have failed. There's only one remedy for sin and that is Christ is that remedy and not Christ through intellectual confession. Amen. Listen now. But through the baptism of the Holy Ghost to a new life and a regeneration. That's the only remedy for sin. Only remedy for our nation. It's the only remedy for our church. It's the only remedy for the people. Amen. Amen. Amen. Total war. He said there in verse two, to utterly destroy. We say that word destroy a lot as we look at the conquest of the promised land. Destroy means to put an end to the existence of something by damaging or attacking it. synonyms. To consume, to crush, to dismantle, to end, to eradicate, to gut, to kill, to shatter, to smash, to wipe out. These are the things you are to be doing to your enemy. Amen. Brother says, "But when he come and fought against them and taken from the people, then God told him told Israel or vowed or Israel vowed to God if he would deliver the king into his hands that he'd utterly destroy the land." And that's a type today. If God will give you the spirit, the Holy Spirit, utterly destroy sin out of your life, move on. Nothing can stop the church. They may call you fanatic. I've been called that. I'm I'm a little I'm a little bit emotional. I don't apologize for that. I know who I was and where I was going and what God did for me. So I So I have no shame in my rejoicing. I I have no shame in my emotion. He said, "They may call you fanatic. They may call you simply to pack a Bible. They may say that you're a holy roller or whatever they do. Nothing's going to stand in God's church. She's moving towards Canaan. If you don't go, God's going to take them that will go. That's right. That church, there's nothing. It's an irresistible force. That's right. And God will move everything. Will. How many have witnessed that in your own life when it seems like there's no way he'll make a way. He is the way maker this morning. Amen. Now, I understand that sometimes we get blindsided by attacks of the enemy. I've been blindsided before, things I didn't see coming. Sometimes we get caught off guard maybe with bad news or a doctor's report or a surprise attack as we might would say. And and and yes, in those moments we have to go on the defense. We we have to put up the you know, we have to defend ourselves. But but for far too long, I believe we fought a defensive war and tried to just defend against the attacks of the enemy. And it's true, as I said, we must withstand the ws of the enemy. I get that. But Joshua wasn't sitting over in his camp and he didn't set up this strong perimeter and set up guards and say, "We're just going to defend our position." That's not how he took the land. That's not how he came in and conquered. He didn't sit on this side of the Jordan and go, "Woo, we got it defended. They are never going to get into our camp. They are." No, no, no. He was commissioned to go take the land. There was something he had to go and do. There is a there is a moving forward. There there is a progression in order to possess. Joshua was on the attack. Listen church, we should be launching attacks. Today, we should be launching attacks. Today, I'm going AFTER MY CHILDREN. TODAY, I'M GOING AFTER MY HEALTH. TODAY, I'M GOING AFTER MY JOY. TODAY, I'M GOING AFTER MY HOME. THERE WILL BE A RESTORATION IN MY FAMILY. TODAY, I'M GOING TO GET IT BECAUSE IT'S MY PROMISE. YOU CAN'T JUST SIT BACK AND SAY, "LORD, BRING IT HERE. BRING IT HERE. HE SAID, "I'VE DELIVERED IT TO YOU. NOW GO AND TAKE IT. I'VE PROMISED IT TO YOU. NOW, NO. GO GET WHAT BELONGS TO YOU." You go down TO THE ENEMY'S CAMP. You stand on the promises of God. You claim your healing. You fight for your marriage. You fight for YOUR CHILDREN TODAY. IT'S YOURS, BUT YOU GOT A JOB TO DO. Go and possess. You say, "Well, the devil don't give me no rest." When's the last time he said that about you? When's the last time the devil said, "Oh no, they got up again. Oh no, here they come. Here they come." When's the last time that was his testimony? Think about it now. That That's why I like offensive services. You can take that how you want. [clears throat] services where we go on the offense. Yeah. Where we go on the attack. [laughter] See, a defensive service will teach you how to cope with things, how to live with things, how to tolerate things. But I want to go on the offense today. I want to go on the attack today and say, "I'm coming for everything that he stole from me. I'm taking the word. I'm You pick up whatever you can find. Samson picked up a jawbone. You pick up whatever verse you need. I am the Lord God that health thee. They shall be there and their offspring with them. I'm taking that right there and I'm about to go beat some devils today. Well, you don't understand how surrounded I am. Let me tell you something. He didn't send enough. He sent 600 at Shamgard. IT WASN'T ENOUGH. HE GOT DONE KILLING 600. HE SAID, "IS THAT ALL YOU SENT? I'M TELLING YOU, HE HASN'T SENT ENOUGH TO STOP YOU IN THIS DAY. YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN MORE THAN A JAWBONE. YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN AN ATOMIC WEAPON. YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN THE GREATEST MESSAGE TO STRIKE THE FACE OF THE EARTH. PICK [screaming] IT UP THIS MORNING AND GO TO WAR AND RECLAIM EVERYTHING THAT THE DEVIL HAS STOLE from you. Amen. What David say? This day will the Lord deliver thee into mine hand and I will smite thee. Yes, it was the Lord. Brother Brown talked about him taking that rock when it came out of the slingshot and making it speed up so fast. Yes, the Lord was in it. But the Lord would have blessed any of those that went down to the valley. They were all seed of Abraham. Amen. But they stayed in the tent. Somebody's got to go down into the valley this morning. Somebody's got to go down and take what belongs to those. Saul, who is a son of Kish, said, "Let's stay in the tent. Those days are over. We don't do those things anymore. As we mature, Goliath will leave the valley. [clears throat] But David said, "How about we go down to the valley and drive Goliath out?" How about we take the promises that's been given us and go into battle? Listen, you want victory? You want victory in your home? You want victory for your children? Quit sitting back and just fighting off the attacks. But this morning, it's time to go to battle. It's time to arm yourselves in the full. There's a reason you have armor. There's a reason you have weapons. It's not to run away. It's to charge into the valley this morning. Charge in there FOR YOUR PROMISES. IT'S TIME FOR OUR CHILDREN to come home. IT'S TIME FOR DELIVERANCES. IT'S TIME FOR HEALINGS IN THE HOUSE OF GOD. IT'S TIME for Holy Ghost outpourings. Oh, come on. He still does it. Every generation has their opportunity at revival. HE STILL POURS OUT HIS SPIRIT. AMEN. Brother Brandham says, "What the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable right." Originally, she had the pure word of God. Amen. It's been restored. She had the power of the spirit manifested in diverse signs and wonders and gifts of the Holy Ghost. In another place he says that the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. He says just as the capstone comes down that which weated small measure. He said well now become fully as there is a refilling. Lord I say I'm ready for it. Lord I say pour it out on me. Lord however you choose to move. Just don't let me be a spiritual fire extinguisher. We got too many people. Somebody starts to get a little excited. Somebody starts to break through and they run over there. That's good. Woo! They almost shouted. [laughter] Lord, listen. Don't be afraid of a little bit of wildfire. We got enough wet blankets around, we'll get it put out. [laughter] Don't be afraid. Amen. Don't be afraid to rejoice in his presence. [snorts] Don't be afraid when the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords comes moving down through here and you feel that sweet spirit enter in. It's okay to cry out to God. It's okay to rejoice in his presence. It's okay to shout your victories. IT'S OKAY. HE'S DONE A LOT FOR YOU. HE'S DONE A LOT FOR US IN THIS DAY. It's time to take back what belongs for to us. It's time to take back our homes. And and don't ever give up. It's not too late. Don't ever give up personally for you. Well, I'm too old. I've I've probably That's a helpless situation. My kids, they've been out in the world so long. Listen, let me tell you. I got two testimonies. Is it okay if we testify this morning? I grew up in a home where my parents didn't get along. Let's just say it like that. I can't remember a time they were in the same bedroom. So, I grew up in a home where they slept in separate rooms. 1999 I believe my dad divorces my mom. Let me show you how God will come in and harness trials and tribulations and he'll put a bit in its mouth is how the prophet of God described it. He'll harness it and he'll bring it around for the glory of God. My dad just went to be with the Lord March 31st. He had cancer. In the last year of his life, God did so many things that so far out seat uh far exceeded a physical healing that they left no doubt who the victor was. It's never too late. I get a picture from my my dad always struggled and always struggled and always struggled with the fact that he had divorced my mom. He had come back to the Lord. He was in church. He was serving the Lord. Odd thing for a guy to grow up in church the last 20 years with with my mom sitting over here and my dad sitting over here. [clears throat] And he'd always come to me and say, "How do I make this right? Can I even can I even go in a rapture with this hanging over me?" And it just really bothered him. And I'd always tell him, "Dad, you've made it right as best you can in your heart, but you can't fix it if she don't want to fix it. you can only do so much to fix it. One day, my father-in-law, my pastor, Brother Tim, sends me a picture. And when my dad got cancer and was in and out of the hospital, my mom was actually always there taking him to his appointments and just how she operated. She was there helping him, you know, even though they were divorced and whatnot. And I get a picture, let me get to the point. And I get a picture from Brother Tim and it's and it's my mom sitting on the side of my dad's hospital bed. Not unusual. There was some cordialness there, but it was unusual to see her holding his hand. And brother Tim says, "Do you know what this is?" I said, "No, sir." He said, "This is your parents' wedding picture as they've just been remarried and renewed their vows right here in this hospital room." God brought a reconciliation that I had. So far, Listen, I want to be honest with you. To my shame, I had given up even praying for it. I'm not saying that's right. I said to my shame, it was not some IT WAS SOMETHING THAT I thought was too far gone. It was something that I thought that WAS OUT OF REACH. BUT WITH OUR GOD, THERE'S NOTHING too far gone. There is nothing out of reach. THIS IS A MESSAGE OF RESTORATION. THERE IS A HEALING POWER IN THIS MESSAGE. DON'T GIVE UP ON YOUR CHILDREN. DON'T GIVE UP ON YOUR LOVED ONES. DON'T GIVE UP ON THE RESTORATION OF YOUR HOME IN THIS DAY. He is a restoring God. Amen. We have a we have a a brother that just has left the church 26 years ago. Had no intention of coming back to God. Had no desire to come back to God. No desire. And he walks into his office one day. He's a fire captain. He got away from his men. He walked in and he sat down and he said the voice of God spoke to him and said, "It's time to come home, son." Suddenly in a moment, just like that, just like that, your situation can change. Amen. He came back to the Lord. He came back to the altar. He gave his heart to the Lord. HE'S ON FIRE FOR GOD. WHY? IT WAS GOD'S TIME. NOTHING'S OUT OF REACH. NOTHING'S TOO FAR GONE. DON'T GIVE UP. IT'S TIME TO GO POSSESS. IT'S TIME TO KEEP PRAYING. KEEP FIGHTING. LORD, I KNOW YOU CAN. I KNOW YOU CAN. I KNOW YOU WILL. AND WHEN YOU DELIVER THEM INTO MY HANDS. NOT IF, BUT WHEN. TODAY. HALLELUJAH. HE'S STILL A MIRACLE WORKING GOD. THE HOLY SPIRIT STILL MOVES. HE'S STILL CALLING. HE'S STILL DRAWING. AND HE'S looking for people willing to fight and go possess and take. Amen. It's time for total war. Deuteronomy 12:1 says, "These are the statutes and judgments which you shall observe to do in the land which the Lord God of his fathers giveth thee to possess all the days that you live upon the earth. Ye shall utterly destroy all the places wherein the nations which you shall possess serve their gods upon the high mountains and upon the hills and under every green tree. And ye shall overthrow their altars and break their pillars and burn their groves with fire. And ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods and destroy the names of them out of that place. Woo! That's total war. that's destroying everything. Now, I know most of you don't know me at all, but [clears throat] I've actually only been full-time ministry for a year now. Uh, last May, I I walked away from my job as a school teacher, been a public school teacher for 15 years, and I taught history. Me and my dad loved history. We traveled all over the country to Civil War battlefields. My dad was a history teacher. I became a history teacher. So, there at some point in most services, I end up going into some history. So, here we go. [clears throat] [snorts] The American Civil War. [clears throat] It's actually a very that goes much deeper than the surface level that's taught in most of our schools and textbooks. [snorts] There were wonderful and godly men on both sides of that war. And there were horrible, dreadful men on both sides of that war. But two central characters today just to compare and contrast for just a moment. General Roberty Lee in the south and general William Tecumpsy Sherman was a Union general. And Roberty Lee is widely considered maybe the greatest tactician or strategist in the war by many. And many of his battle plans are actually still studied today. They were bold. They were swift. They were daring. And yet he was a gentleman even to his enemies. [clears throat] When they invaded the north and went up into Pennsylvania, the army had strict instructions. Do not interfere interfere in any way with the lives of civilians. Do not damage the property of the civilians. These people are not our enemies. We are not at war with these people. We want them to see we mean them no harm. Now, there's been many stories and and like many down through history, especially oral histories, sometimes they get embellished. But there were stories that where where men in Roberty Lee's army were actually court marshaled for taking wood off of fences in Pennsylvania to build campfires just to keep warm. Not burning houses down, but just taking wood off of those split rail fences. And he would have them court marshaled because he wanted them, "Do not interfere with the civilians. were at war with this with this other government, not the people. And then there was Sherman [clears throat] who developed what was known as a scorched earth policy. Other men had tried to outmaneuver the southern armies and they'd been defeated. Other men had taken the gentleman's approach. They had fought a pretty war, a poetic war, a war of pageantry, a war where people didn't have to weep their way to Calvary anymore. Oh, it's okay. Maybe a war where they didn't pray for the sick anymore and where sin wasn't called out anymore. Just pageantry and forms of church services, a battle plan that didn't offend people. Other people had tried that and couldn't win. They had tried to fight Roberty Lee the same way he fought, but they couldn't beat him on his terms. It was actually called the policy of consiliation which is known as a limited war where you are to respect the private property even of those who are actively working against you. It's the idea that most of the people on the enemy's side really aren't our enemies. Now let's bring this down for just a minute. Things that we don't want to identify as our enemy. Well, that's just a family trait. Everybody in my family has a bad temper. It's just it's just who we are. It's not really a problem. It's just a family trait. Dad was this way. Uncle Bobby was I hope there's not an Uncle Bobby here. I'm sorry. [clears throat] So and so was this way. You know, I'm just a little I'm just I'm geared a little bit towards the negative. You I've got a right to be bitter. They did me wrong. it's not really a big deal. I I'll eventually grow out of this. I'll mature out of this. And Sherman realized that in all that, the war wasn't getting won. So in 1863, he began to apply what he called the hard hand of war in central Mississippi in the Meridian campaign. And for the first time, Sherman would actually order his troops to to wage a war of destruction. In other words, tear stuff up. [clears throat] Church, it's time we tear some stuff up. He says that his what he wanted to do was to remove all hope from the enemy that they could ever win the war. I like that. I think it's time that we remove hope from the enemy this morning. Amen. It don't matter how many times I've struggled. It don't matter what you throw at me. It don't matter what you come at me with, Satan. You have no hope of winning this war. I'm not going to quit. I'm not going to back up. I'm not going to fall. How can you say that? She's predestinated not to fall. And you have no hope of winning this war. I will fight you however I have to, wherever I have to. I like what Church Hill said. We'll fight you in the air. We'll fight you on the land. We'll fight you on the sea. I'll fight you at church. I'll fight you on Monday. I'll fight you on Tuesday. I'll fight you in my home. I'LL FIGHT YOU AT MY JOB. YOU have no hope of winning this war. It's the attitude WE HAVE TO TAKE. QUIT GIVING HIM A FOOTHOLD. I will die to myself. I will die to my thinking. Whatever I have to do, I will have victory. But you have no hope. Amen. Sherman's goal was to make Georgia howl. He said, "We are not only fighting hostile armies, but a hostile people. And we must make the old and the young. And listen, I preached this in the south. [clears throat] I got to be careful where you take these this thought. [clears throat] Sherman is not a popular name in the southern states. I just want you to know that we must make the old and the young, the rich and the poor feel the hard hand of war. We cannot change the hearts and minds of those people of the south, but we can make war so terrible and make them so sick of war that generations will pass before they would again appeal to it. Shar contended that the United States and its representatives had the right to remove and destroy every obstacle if need be. Think about it now. Think about what we need to do to get to this rapture. Every obstacle if need be. take every life, every acre of land, every particle of property, everything that to us seems proper, that all who do not aid are enemies. And we will not account to them for our acts. I think we need to quit worrying about what other people think about how we conduct our church services. I ain't worried about what other people think about how I conduct my war. I ain't worried about what other people think about how I go about getting my victory. Nothing will stand in my way. THIS RAPTURE OR BUST, IT'S BODY CHANGE OR BUST. I'M GOING ALL THE WAY, LORD. I'LL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES. IT DOESN'T MATTER TO ME IF PEOPLE THINK I get a LITTLE BIT OUT OF ORDER. I'M NOT TOO WORRIED ABOUT THAT. I'M GOING IN A RAPTURE AND I'LL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES. I'LL WORSHIP YOU, LORD. I'LL DIE OUT TO SELF, LORD. I WILL DO WHATEVER you desire in order to make sure I get there. He says, "WE WILL NOT ACCOUNT TO THEM FOR our acts." It doesn't matter if what you do gets a little bit out of what other people call order. We've church ordered the spirit right out of most of our services. Brother Brown said, "God, help us to get out of order once in a while." I'm just quoting the prophet. The trouble of it is you got too much order. You know what's funny? I'm just going to throw this out there for free. This is one of those ones you want to you can go. I give you full permission. Brother Brown almost exclusively I know he spoke to mixed audience of many denominations but almost exclusively was speaking to Pentecostal people assemblies of God and things like that people that classified as Pentecostal people that we many times would go they're too emotional too much running jumping shouting and brother Brown says you got too much order I heard a bunch of them hit the Boy, I heard it. It's okay. He says, "You got too much order. Get out of order." I hope the church gets out of order long enough to get saved. He said, "It's time for total war." Lord, whatever it takes, whatever. Listen, I don't I don't know. I you're you're you're a very well taught group, so I don't even feel like I have to do this, but I'm going to go this way. I'm not advocating that every service you get up and run around this building and jump and hoot and holler. I'm advocating that you be willing to worship however God moves on your heart to worship and not worry about what other people think about it when he moves on your heart to do so. That's all I'm advocating for. That is freedom of worship. Listen, if you look at the Pentecostal uh denominational side of things, not not to not God bless those people, but it's actually not a true freedom of worship when you have to speak in tongues or you have to run. That's actually bondage. That's not freedom. But freedom is when God moves, I CAN MOVE WITH HIM. IF GOD BELLOWS UP IN MY HEART AND I CAN'T HELP BUT SHOUT AND I'M GOING TO DO IT ANYWAY, THAT MEANS THERE'S FREEDOM IN THE HOUSE OF GOD. WE'RE CALLED TO BE FREE. HOW DARE US TAKE AND PUT OUR WORSHIP BACK IN A DENOMINATIONAL BOX TO MAKE CERTAIN PEOPLE FEEL COMFORTABLE? I'VE BEEN CALLED. I AM FREE. I AM CHOSEN. I'VE GOT SOMETHING TO SHOUT ABOUT. I'VE GOT SOMETHING TO REJOICE ABOUT. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? THERE ARE TIMES I'VE GOT THINGS TO DANCE ABOUT. AND I DO BECAUSE I'M [screaming] FREE. HALLELUJAH. THERE'S a freedom in this salvation. THERE'S A FREEDOM in this word. If it stands in the way of victory, burn it down. Amen. If it hinders the move of God, burn it down. Any idea, any ism, any doctrine, any division, anything that would stand between you and your full inherit inheritance, destroy it. Deuteronomy 26:16, but of the cities of these people which the Lord thy God doth give thee for an inheritance, thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth, anything that has stood on your inheritance. He says, "Anything that has stood on the cities that belong to you, leave alive nothing. Anything that has tried to stop you or hindered you or made you think you couldn't make it, destroy it this morning." Verse 17, "But thou shalt utterly destroy them, namely the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Parizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, as the Lord thy God hath commanded thee." Now listen to your prophet. LISTEN. DESTROY YOUR enemy before your enemy destroys you. Let me see what time it is. All right, we get into the meat of this for a minute. I'm not going to keep you too terribly long. He says, "Destroy your enemy before it destroys you." He'll do it. Bring back the oldfashioned meetings and the thing and oh, leave Delilah alone. Leave the world alone. That thing that woos you off into little things that you shouldn't. And the little thing, the little things, troubles come up in the church and you won't stand correction because you don't have to. You can drop off to another church and things like that. In the early days when a man when a man didn't cope up with the word of God, they packed him out dead. [clears throat] He says, "BRING US BACK to Pentecost. NOT HOLLYWOOD SHOWMANSHIP, BUT A WHOLEHEARTED TURN TO GOD IS WHAT WE NEED. Once more, oh Lord, once more. He says in another place, let me say this, my friend. You better destroy your enemy before your enemy [clears throat] destroys you. Now, think about, we're talking about total war. People don't have a problem with this statement, destroy your enemy before it destroys you. Just about everybody's like, "Yeah, hey man, that's right. You better destroy your enemy before it destroys you. But what they have a problem with is recognizing what is the enemy. They toy with things, toy with unbelief, toy with complexes, toy with self-righteousness, toy with unforgiveness, not recognizing that those are the things that want to destroy you. Amen. See, that's the thing about total war is it recognizes the uncomfortable enemies. Think about what Sherman did. He He didn't like it wasn't easy. He burned down the homes of families thousands of miles away from the war, but he knew that family was raising beef that would feed the enemy. He didn't like tearing down everybody's property. He didn't like just destroying, but it was necessary. He was willing to do what others weren't willing to do in order to win. Total war recognizes the uncomfortable enemies. It recognizes that little devils grow up to be big devils. Let me tell you, I've seen it way too many times. We got to quit petting things. And and when when when people deal with things as a little kid, and I there's many ways we could go right here, but I'll just go this because I've seen it so so so often. You see you see young men sometimes get caught in the trap of pornography. Real talk. And sometimes it's they'll eventually grow out of that. No, because little kid problems become big adult problems if you don't deal with it. You'll carry that thing right over into a marriage and then it'll destroy your marriage. You got to learn to deal with things and face the uncomfortable truth that I need a victory. This thing needs to be cut out of my life. I I need a deliverance. I need the Holy Spirit to come and drive this out and I got to be willing to do things that are uncomfortable. Brother Brown says, "After a while, when Joshua took the land, God told him, utterly destroy everything there is. Don't leave nothing." Why could you imagine some of them Israelite w women picking up a little baby? Think about this. This is brutal. It's uncomfortable. Isn't it cute? Look, it ain't even got no teeth yet. Joshua said, "Kill it." The mother said, "Oh, I'm a mother. I can't kill that baby." You must. Joshua said, "Hand it here. Why? It might look cute now, but it'll grow up and be just like its daddy. You can't baby sin. It's got to be handled not with gloves on, but barehanded. Think about, oh, how, brother Aaron? How can it be that bad? Why? Why can't I have an opinion? Now it's getting uncomfortable. See, everybody wants to kill the devil. They want to recognize, yeah, destroy the devil. Destroy the the obvious enemy. But people don't like total war because it makes you deal with self. It makes you deal with self. Listen, you have two great enemies in your in your life. No, your spouse is not one of them. [laughter] is the devil and yourself. And I want to tell you, it's a tight race as to who number one is. That's good. That's your two greatest enemies. That's your two enemies. And everybody believes the quote, "Destroy your enemy before it destroys you." But they don't want to identify the enemy. And when you can't identify it as the enemy, then you baby it. Then you let it live. And since it can't be you, it's not me. Then others become the problem. Oh, here we go. [clears throat] Others become the problem. And you take aim at others and you turn your weapon towards others instead of where it's supposed to be, at the devil and at yourself. At the devil and at yourself. Satan himself. You got to apply total war to you. Brother Brandham says GOD SAID, "UTTERLY DESTROY THE THING." SAYING, "AMEN." HALLELUJAH. What we need today, he says, "Oh, you're a baby and around with a whole lot of things you ought to be destroying." Amen. Listen, there's a reason that God demands that everything be killed because anything not dealt with right now is going to come back and fight you later. Anything you push off today is going to come back and try to keep you out of the rapture later. Anything in your life that isn't totally surrendered is going to rise up at some POINT IN YOUR LIFE AND TRY TO DESTROY you or it's going to be passed down generationally and try to destroy your children and your grandchildren. It's time we say no. It stops right here today. Lord, I'm going to deal with it. I'm going to recognize it. I'M GOING TO LAY PRIDE ASIDE AND SAY, "LORD, I'M THE ONE IN NEED. I'M THE ONE THAT NEEDS A TOUCH. I NEED MOLDED. I NEED MAKING. DEAL WITH ME TODAY, Lord Jesus." Amen. Let's look at it for a moment here in Samuel. And we're going to be in 1st Samuel for a while now. 1st Samuel 15. 1st Samuel 15:1. We're going to go through these scriptures. Says, "Samuel also said unto Saul, the Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel. Now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the Lord. Verse two, thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, I remember that which Amalecch did to Israel, how he laid weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amalecch, and utterly destroy all they that have, and spare them not, all that they have, and spare them not. But slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. This is total war. But you must have total war in order to have total victory. Verse four. And Saul gathered the people together and numbered them in Taleum, 200,000 footmen, 10,000 men of Judah. And Saul came to a city of Amalecch and laid weight in the valley. We're going to skip verse six. Go to verse 7. And Saul smokeote the Amalachites from Havila until thou comest to shure. that is over against Egypt. And he took Aag, the king of the Amalachites alive. Uhoh. Uhoh. Troubles brewing. And utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword. Now, let's stop for just a moment. SAUL DID AN AWFUL LOT OF GOOD. He lined up to like 99.9% of the word right here. Hello, Eve. one word. He lined up. But in the midst of deliverance, in the midst of victory, in the midst of overcoming, he spares the enemy. Oh, come on. You've been there before. Right on the verge of a breakthrough, right on the verge. You're right there. The Lord's dealing with you, and you know within your heart, you need to deal with that thing. You're like, "That's not big deal. Just keep going." And that thing's laying there. [snorts] [sighs] Why do we spare it? Because we, now here's the problem. We don't think it should die. We don't see the harm in it. How could this little thing matter? How does that little thing m listen? We got to get to the place to where we start quit debating what it is that brother Brandham said that matters and doesn't matter. And this was his opinion that listen, I'm going to tell you right now, if it's on these pages, it matters. If it's on them tapes, it matters. If it's in them books, it matters. cuz he didn't just take up space to add a few words. It matters. Line up to the word. It matters. But we we we we wonder how could this matter. And we see value in in something that we can keep. We see value in our own opinion. We see value in our own ideas. Verse nine. But Saul and the people spared Aag and the best of the sheep and of the oxen and of the fatlings and the lambs and all that was good and would not utterly destroy them. But everything that was vile and refuse that they utterly destroyed other words. Oh yeah, I see why that needs to die. It's vile and refuse. The obvious enemy. Oh, I I see that. Yeah, I I see why that where that's wrong. But but listen, it was all wrong because all of it was a link back to the enemy's claim on the land. It was all a link back to his claim on your promise. So, IT HAD TO ALL BE DESTROYED. IT HAD TO ALL BE TORN. That attitude needs to be destroyed. That rebellion, young people, it needs to be destroyed. THAT IDEA THAT YOU HOLD IN your heart, that bitterness, that unforgiveness, those things all need to be destroyed because it's a link back. Amen. But in destroying the obvious, the vile, and refuse, then we appease our conscience that we've done what God asked us to do. I did all this. We'll see how Saul responds to this. Verse 10, then came the word of the Lord unto Samuel, saying, "It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king, for he has turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments." And it greed Samuel and he cried unto the Lord. Notice failing to do even a part was a failure to do any of it. You notice God didn't say Saul failed to do some of it. Saul did a lot of things the message told him to do, but he failed in some. No, no, no. He said he didn't follow it. None. He failed. Verse 12. And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, "Saul came to Carmel, and behold, he set him up a place, and has gone about and passed on and gone down to Gilgal." And Samuel came to Saul and said, "Saul," and Saul said unto him, now notice the difference. Notice the contradiction. Saul said, "BLESSED BE THOU OF THE LORD. I HAVE PERFORMED the commandments of the Lord." That's not what the Lord said. There is a total. Look at the self-righteousness of Saul. I HAVE PERFORMED EXACTLY WHAT THE LORD SAID. LOOK WHAT I'VE DONE. LOOK HOW IT PROSPERS. I've done what the Lord said to do. Church, just for a minute, don't get to the end of the line and point to what you've done. Don't don't get there. Lord, Lord, in your name haven't I done many mighty works. What was his response to that? Depart from me. He didn't deny that they had done those works. He didn't deny. He just said, "I never knew you." Don't get to that place and and and just say, "I'm a believer." And listen, this one's a touchy one, but I'm just gonna be real honest with y'all. I fly out today, so it'll be okay. [laughter] I'm be real real honest. YOU SAY, "I AM A believer and I would like to congratulate you for making it to the level of Satan." You You've made it to the level of the devil. Congratulations. Book of James tells us, "Oh, thou are the believer." Y'all believe there's one. Yeah. Thou doest well. The devil believes and trembles. I would suggest we progress beyond the level of the devil. I would suggest that we don't. Maybe I was a little harsh there. I'm thankful y'all are believers. You know that. I'm so thankful. I'm saying we can't get there and expect to just go in a rapture because I was a believer. Brother Brandham taught us very clearly there's a token and you must have that token. He taught us very clearly that. Listen, here's how I I was preaching to the young people recently. Here's what I told them. If all you've gotten to is justification and forgiveness, I celebrate that. I rejoice in that. I will never put you down for what you have, but I want to celebrate it and rejoice it while letting you know there's more for you. Press on. And if you've made it to sanctification, I'm so excited about that. And I thank God for the work he's done in your life. And I want to say though, I want to rejoice in celebrating that and not let you settle there, but say there's more for you. Press on to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Press on to the upper room experience. You have to have your own backside of the desert burning bush experience just like Moses had. I'm struggling. I'm struggling. I don't know if I can go any longer. Brother Brandham said the burning bush had exactly what Moses has lacked. If you're struggling today, if you need something today, the burning bush, the pillar of fire, yes, it has not left us. The pillar of fire has exactly what it is you lack today. You say, "WELL, I'VE BEEN FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST." HALLELUJAH. And now it's TIME TO GO TO ANOTHER REFILLING. BROTHER BRANDHAM SAID THE DYNAMICS OF THIS BRIDE would be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. You go AND YOU DRINK AND YOU DRINK SOME MORE. BROTHER BRANDHAM TOLD US, HE SAID, "THE PROBLEM WITH CHRISTIANS TODAY IS THEY'RE NOT CASHING IN ON THE ON THE DIVIDENDS OF THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST." HE SAID, "DRINK and then drink some more AND THEN DRINK SOME MORE AND THEN DRINK SOME MORE AND PUSH OUT AND DRINK SOME MORE AND PUSH OUT." THERE'S NO POINT WHERE WE STOP AND GO, "I MADE IT." NO, BUT PUSH FOR MORE AND SAY, "LORD, I GOT TO HAVE THAT TOKEN. I GOT TO HAVE A DRINK FROM THE ROCK. I NEED A FRESH EXPERIENCE TODAY. I NEED AN OUTPOURING TODAY. I NEED MORE OF YOU, GOD. Not just I'm a believer. You can look in the Bible, except a man be born again. Listen, the new birth is is is it's all through the Bible. It's all through the message. You must be born again. Amen. You can look to the prophet who said they're trying to dodge that issue of the new birth. The church is trying to dodge it. Today we take people in by water baptism. Put them in the church by water baptism. You might put them in the church by water baptism, but you'll never never put them into Christ by water baptism. You got to be born in there by the spirit. That's right. 1964 he said that's what's the matter today with the people. A new birth. They all dodge it. They don't like it. Oh, they have substituted something for the new birth. Come up and believe. And that's all you have to do. The devil believes himself and you know he's not born again. There's a new birth. There's something that goes with it. And it's kind of unfitting and untasting to the world. We can't dodge the fact that we got to have the new birth. But it's for you. It's available. There's a fountain today that's open in the house of David. He said, "The promise is unto you and to your children and to many as that would believe, even them that are a far off." I know I butchered that, but you know exactly what I was saying. The promise is for you today. 1st Samuel 15:14. We're going to continue with our story as we begin bringing this down. And Samuel said, "What meanth then this bleeding of the sheep in my ears?" You get there that day, what meanth that bitterness I see in your heart? What meanth that grudge you're still holding? What meanth that unforgiveness? What meanth then this bleeding and the loing of the oxen which I hear? And Saul said, "They have brought them from the Amalachites, for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God, and the rest we have utterly destroyed." They notice that they still trying to defend his actions, still trying to deflect the blame. Listen, you had a vindicated prophet in this day that came and this word is laid out so very plain that you're not going to be able to blame they. It's your responsibility. It's your word. Get into it. Find out what he's asking you to do. Find out the requirements that you need to meet. Verse 16. Then Samuel said unto Saul, "Stay, and I will tell thee what the Lord hath said to me this night." And he said unto him, "Stay on." And Samuel said, "When thou was little in thy own sight, was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel? And the Lord anointed thee king over Israel? And the Lord sent thee on a journey and said, "Go and utterly destroy the sinners, the Amalachites, and fight against them until they be consumed. Wherefore did then did thou not obey the voice of the Lord, but did fly upon the spoil, and did evil in the sight of the Lord?" Notice how God interprets it so much different from how Saul interprets it. And Saul SAID UNTO SAMUEL, "YAY, I [screaming] HAVE OBEYED the voice of the Lord." He's arguing with the prophet and have GONE THE WAY WHICH THE LORD SENT ME AND HAVE BROUGHT Aag the king of Amalecch and have utterly destroyed the Amalachites. He gets so lifted up and he gets so consumed with the religious spirit, that's what it is, that he stands there confronted by the prophet and argues with him and says, "No, you're wrong." That's what he's saying here. You're wrong. I did. As a matter of fact, Samuel's speaking for God. So, he's actually saying, "God, you're wrong. I did it the right way." And this religious spirit has lifted him up and he's in a very dangerous place to where he values his own opinion more than what the message tells him to do. You did not do as God said. Well, that's your opinion and I don't like it. I have obeyed the Lord. Verse 21. But the people took of the spool. Here we go. The sheep and the oxen, the chief, and the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgal. Notice he makes it a religious thing right here. We did this so we could then give it to the Lord. You when people get into this delusion state and and and and they get under this religious spirit, they will always mask their actions behind worthy causes. Come on now. Be behind worthy worthy causes and worthy arguments. Well, I've got this quote. And I've got I've got this right here. Instead of just Lord, forgive me. That's that's as simple as it is. We make it so difficult. You know how many times I just say, "Lord, forgive me. I was wrong. I I see now. That's right there. It's plain. Lord, thank you for opening my eyes to that. Forgive me and anything I've done. Now, let me walk in the It's that simple. Don't defend yourself when confronted with the word. So many times we see it and it hurts us. This is total war. Lord, change me. Lord, change me. We have to recognize as we begin to come down and close this where our hindrance lays and we have to kill that thing. Listen, I had to declare war on who I was. Aaron Oglesby was not a good person. Aaron Oldby had too many of his own ideas. [snorts] the way daddy thought, the way mama thought. And I had to look at that and go, all that's gone. Lord, fill me with your spirit. Lord, renew my mind. Lord, put the mind of Christ in me. Lord, fill me. And I don't want to be stop right there, but fill me again. Lord, if I walk in dry places, I know the rock is right there. I'm going to take another drink. Lord, change me. I couldn't hold on to who I was and my ideas. That all had to be wiped out because there is none good but God. There was nothing good about me. And so I had to lay all that down and then I could be free. Then I could be filled, then I COULD GROW, THEN I COULD MATURE. Many times we throw that word around mature and you know you'll mature and of course you'll grow. Of course I believe in maturing in the Lord. I believe in growing but there can be no maturation and there can be no growth of a child if it was never born. There must be a birth and then yes you will mature and you will grow. Absolutely. But there is no growth and maturing if it's never born. And I had to get to that place where I could be born again. And then I could have victory in my life. HOW DID YOU do it? By laying me down. By declaring war on this and my ideas. Because look, I got opinions. We all do. But I can never let those opinions try to stack up against the word of God. Amen. Verse 22. And Samuel said, "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams? For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubb stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king." Skipping down to verse 32. Then Samuel said, "Bring ye hither to me Aag, the king of the Amalachites." And Aag came unto him delicately. And Aag said, "Surely the bitterness of death is passed." This word delicately here, if you get into it, means he came in a stately manner, portraying himself as a king. To let let Samuel know, listen, listen, bud, [clears throat] I'm royalty. Watch how you talk to me. And then he says, "Surely the bitterness of death is passed." Satan comes walking in trying to be all stately, what's the word? I don't know. Delicately. Thank you. Delicately. And he says, "Look, look, look. Listen. I know I tried to tear your family apart. I know I've made you sick. I know I brought depression. I know there's been so much anxiety in your life. I know I robbed you of your peace. I I I know you know your mom and dad's struggling. I know this. I know things are terrible at work. I understand I did all those things, but surely we can let bygones be bygones. Surely the bitterness has passed, right? It's Sunday. [laughter] We're supposed to have joy in THE LORD. YOU CAN'T GO about fighting the war on Sunday. Oh, I like Samuel's response. It's time some of us get in that attitude. Listen, there are no bygones and bygones with the devil. He will pay for everything. He has not got away with one thing he's done to you. He has not got away with one thing. He will be recompense for everything that he has done. He says, "Just let me live another day." It's okay. The bitterness of death. SURE. JUST LET THAT BITTERNESS stay one more day. LET THAT STRIFE STAY ONE MORE DAY. LET THAT GRUDGE IN YOUR LIFE STAY ONE MORE DAY. LET THAT COMPLEX THAT HAS CRIPPLED YOU. JUST LET IT STAY ONE MORE DAY. SURELY THOSE THINGS ARE PASSED. Let those secret sins stay one more day. Verse 33. And Samuel said, "As thy sword hath made women childless, so shall thou mother be childless among women." And Samuel heeded Aag in pieces before the Lord IN GILGAL. LISTEN, GOD WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH THE VICTORY. He provided the victory for Saul, but he he failed TO TAKE IT. HE PUTS THE SWORD IN YOUR HAND THIS MORNING, AND THE DEVIL COMES WALKING DELICATELY, AND THE LORD SAYS, "WHAT are you going TO DO ABOUT IT? WHAT ARE YOU going to do WITH THAT DEPRESSION? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH THAT ANXIETY? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO THAT has been robbing your joy and robbing YOUR PEACE? ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE A TREATY THIS MORNING? I SAY WE HEW HIM TO PIECES THIS morning in the sight OF THE LORD. I SAY WE CHOP HIM UP. WE CUT IT DOWN. WE DEAL WITH IT TODAY AND SAY, "ON THIS DAY, I'LL TAKE YOUR HEAD OFF. ON THIS DAY, EVERYBODY'S GOING TO KNOW THAT MY GOD STILL LIVES. MY GOD REIGNS. HE BRINGS PEACE AND HE BRINGS JOY AND HE BRINGS RESTORATION WHEN TOMORROW ON THIS DAY I'M GOING TO DEAL WITH IT TODAY IN THE HOUSE OF GOD." HALLELUJAH. Do not procrastinate. DON'T HESITATE. DON'T PUT IT OFF. DON'T WORRY ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE MIGHT THINK. If temper has hindered you, deal with it today. If lust HAS HINDERED YOU IN YOUR FAMILY, DEAL WITH IT TODAY. IF THERE'S BITTERNESS IN YOUR HEART, DEAL WITH IT. AMEN. IF THERE'S UNFOR YOU WILL NOT TAKE AN UNFORGIVING SPIRIT IN THE RAPTURE. If there's unforgiveness IN YOUR HEART, DEAL with it today. Amen. Critical spirit. Deal with it today. Y'all are lucky they gave me a small bottle of water. Smart. [laughter] I see how y'all operate. [clears throat] Deal with it. We find that Hmon over in the book of Esther. That's such an interesting thing. We know who Hmon was and his desire to destroy the entire Jewish race. We find that Hmon was a direct descendant, a direct descendant of the Amalachites that Saul was supposed to destroy. And he even carries the name of their king Aag. Esther 3 verse one. I'm going to wait for a minute till we can look at that together as we close. Total war. Deal with it today. Don't put it off even today. What can a day matter? I'll show you. Esther 3 and1. After these things did King Ahazerus promote Hmon, the son of Hammeditha, the Aagite. He even carries the name of the king Aag. The Aagite. Now, we don't always take these things for the gospel, but I found this to be so interesting. I was going through some Jewish histories and some Jewish writings and Jewish writings say that the leniency shown by Saul to King Aag actually made it possible for Hmon to appear. It says because had he been killed one day sooner or the day he was supposed to be killed or the Sunday you had opportunity to deal with it. the great peril which the Jews had to undergo at the hands of Hmon would have been averted because it was in that one day span that Aag's lineage was passed on and was able to continue and that leads directly to Hmon. But I want to bring good news today. You don't have to be a Saul. And not only that, it doesn't even necessarily matter about your physical lineage. It doesn't matter if daddy failed. Doesn't matter if granddaddy failed. Doesn't matter if mom failed. You have the opportunity today to be a cycle breaker. You have an opportunity to deal with that thing that's hindered your family, that's hung over your family, that dark cloud, that cycle that's been passed down from generation to generation. You can be a Morortei who in who who the Bible tells us in Esther 2 and 5. I want you to notice this chapter 2 verse 5 of Esther. [crying] It says that Mori was a descendant of Kish. Now in Shusham the palace there was a certain Jew whose name was Mordei the son of Jer the son of Shimiad the son of Kish. What do we notice about that? Why is that such a big deal? Who was Saul a son of? He didn't throw the clay away. He said I'm going to give this family another opportunity. Daddy might have failed. Daddy should have dealt with this thing years ago. Granddaddy should have dealt with this thing years ago. But today, I'm giving you an opportunity. Today, I'm saying you can deal with it. You can be an overcomer. You can be A CYCLE BREAKER. TODAY, IT'S TIME to declare TOTAL WAR. I'M NOT GOING TO LET this thing linger anymore. I'M NOT GOING TO PASS IT ON IN MY FAMILY. THERE'S GOING TO BE JOY IN MY HOME. THERE'S GOING TO BE A FAMILY ALTAR IN MY HOME. THERE'S GOING TO BE THE BLOOD APPLIED IN MY HOME. The token's GOING TO BE THERE. DADDY MIGHT NOT HAVE DONE IT, BUT I'M GOING TO DO IT. THAT LUST PROBLEMS FOLLOWED MY FAMILY. DADDY COULDN'T STOP IT. BUT TODAY, BY THE POWER OF THE HOLY GHOST, I'M DECLARING TOTAL WAR ON THAT THING. I'M GOING TO STOP IT. IT ENDS WITH ME. IT ENDS WITH MY FAMILY. LORD, I'M WILLING TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES. THERE'S A RAPTURE. THERE'S A BODY CHANGE. THERE'S ETERNITY. AND I'M DECLARING TOTAL WAR ON THE DEVIL TODAY. I WON'T BE LEFT BEHIND. MY WIFE WON'T BE LEFT BEHIND. MY CHILDREN WON'T LET BE LEFT BEHIND BECAUSE I'M LEAVING NO ROCK UNTURNED, NO DEVIL UNDESTROYED. I'M GOING TO DO EVERYTHING IT TAKES. I'M GOING TO TAKE A BODY CHANGE. HALLELUJAH. WHO'S GOT THAT IN THEIR HEART THIS MORNING? LORD, I DECLARE WAR. I DECLARE WAR ON THE ENEMY. Can you stand to your feet with me today and just praise him and let them know, Lord, I'm signing up for battle today. I'M IN THE ARMY TODAY. I'M DRAWING MY SWORD TODAY. I'M NOT GOING TO STOP SHORT. I'M NOT GOING TO GIVE IN. I'M NOT GOING TO LET THIS thing live another day. I'VE BEEN ROBBED LONG ENOUGH. BUT TODAY, I DECLARE TOTAL WAR. It's your turn today. Saul didn't do it. Saul didn't do it. But Mori, it's your turn today. Brother Brandham says, "There's the promised land. She's flowing with milk and honey, but before you get there, you're going to go through all these Hivites and Canaanites [music] and everything. But don't you bow to one of them. You destroy the things as you come to them. Stop building a fire on the enemy's altar." Amen. I wished I was twice the size I am right now. Maybe I'd feel twice as good. He says, "It's time to take another step." [music] You know, many of you maybe been serving the Lord a lot longer than I have, but you can't stay. How'd that happen? Y'all going [music] to be sitting. I'm kidding. You can't stay where [music] you're at. I don't care how great your experiences have been, you can't stay where you're at. Because if you're where you're at [music] right now, same place you were 10 years ago, you've been left behind. Say, what do you mean by that? Too many people [music] are stuck at the point of their last major victory. It's not a bad thing, but think about it. [music] If you were there that day when the death angel passed and you put blood on the doorpost and [music] on the mantle and just exactly how you were told and the death angel, what a victory. How incred what a testimony you'd have. But then the next day as the people were leaving, you [music] stood there going, "Where are all the fanatics going? I'm staying with what the prophet told me to do. Prophet told me to put blood on the doorpost. I ain't moving." But the message moved on. Not a new message. The same message leading the message moved on and you stood there [music] with what the prophet said. Are you standing on a truth? [clears throat] Absolutely. But you got to be willing to move. What if you crossed the Red Sea and you danced on [music] the banks with Marion? Think about it. What a victory. But if you were still dancing there a [music] week later, you got left. You're still [music] in the wilderness. You've been delivered by the pillar of fire, watched great miracles, been in incredible services, following the prophet, vindicated by a pillar of fire, and you're in the wilderness cuz you [music] camped down and didn't move. I'm just [music] encouraging you. Move. Don't be satisfied where you are. Take another drink. Take another step. Lord, reveal yourself more to me. [music] Brother Brandham said, "You can never pray too much for revelation." Lord, reveal yourself more to me. Lord, is there things I don't understand right? Am I too critical about certain [music] things? You know, we learn a lot from our prophet when he's sitting there and those uh ladies was dancing [music] in his church and he had the attitude. Y'all remember the story? He said, "They're going to turn my church into a tavern." And they were dancing and and shouting [music] and he was said, "I was sitting in the seat of the scornful." Now, this my point here isn't about dancing. I [music] want you to listen to the attitude of the prophet. He said, "But I didn't say anything [music] in case they, these sisters, were right [music] and I, the prophet, was wrong." What can we take that attitude? Lord, if I don't understand something, I'm just not going to say anything about it. I'm just going to pray. Lord, you [music] reveal it to me. Lead me, Lord. Lead me, Lord. In case that might be right, I might be wrong. Lord, I just want to take [music] another step today. Lord, I don't want to leave anything undone, anything unturned. [music] He to He fought a total war for you so that you could have total victory. He bought total victory for you. [music] There's no reason you have to stay sick. There's no reason you have to stay bound. There's no reason you have to stay in depression. [music] There's no reason that your family can't be restored, that your relationship with God can't be restored. There's total victory in the house of God. I believe that with my whole heart. There's a fountain open unto you today. Amen. [music] to those that will receive. Who can just with an open heart say, "Lord, I want to take another step. [music] Lord, I just want to take another step. That's my desire. Lord, I just want to take another step. I want to go total. I want to surrender more. And the more that I surrender, [music] the more that he'll take control." God bless you, church. Been an incredible, wonderful audience. Thank you for your attention. I love you in the love of the Lord. [music] And I just pray that we can take another step today, that we can walk together today. I just [music] want you to know that you come a long way from Louisiana, but you sure made me feel welcome. [music] While we're here, if there is anybody that that would desire prayer or have any need, I'd be glad to pray with you. God bless you as you walk [music] with him. If we don't see you again, I'm going to see you there cuz we ain't staying where we're at. We're taking another step. God bless [music] you, church. Hey. Hey. Hey.
