################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-12-31 - Step by Step I Know God’s Will for Me Next Year - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-12-31
Title:    Step by Step: I Know God’s Will for Me Next Year
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KreJW7DZNa4
========================================

Description:
Step by Step: I Know God’s Will for Me Next Year 
Sunday Service: December 31, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I trust you'll be able to kind of stick with me and just hold real tight to the subject matter. We had a really wonderful time in worship and we just have one service today. So, we'll just give our all to it. If we're not able to finish this year, u maybe we'll just pick up the subject next year. But we wanted to share something with you that would kind of have a little bit of a a New Year's theme to it, if we could put it that way, and minister on things that would be an encouragement to you that would uh hopefully give you some practical principles or just simple thoughts in the word of God that you say, "All right, that's something I could take and I can use uh this afternoon or tomorrow." And even though we may not be very explicit in these precepts, I think there's just some general propositions we're making today that you can say, "Yeah, that that's a guiding principle. That's something that I could utilize uh in my daily life." And we're calling it step by step. And I wanting to take that from these certain scriptures that talk about taking footsteps. And as we ministered a series at the beginning of the year on um I I I know the will of God for me this year. and we were taking it uh kind of forward looking into the new year. I want to take it I know God's will for me next year just kind of transition from the 31st into the 1st to say just be reminded of all these things that we've know and have been taught in the word of God. So I'd like to give a little bit of kind of a cliche and this might be some lowhanging fruit or a trope that you probably get cringe over but just look at the year in review as we did the year in preview. I think that was the title or I know that was the title of our series the year in preview and took things from the word of God to say these are things I know is that that are God's will for me this year thing six things that we could be doing all the time to know I'm in his will by doing these things and so I'll just run through these real quickly we separated them out into two categories each one having three for six total but as it relates to our togetherness as a body of Christ as a local church and our relationship ship to one another and even our duty in the scripture. There was a few things that we identified as things that we know we can be doing to please the Lord and it was to attend church and to contribute in our giving as far as tithes and offerings and then also to support missions. And we took it from the standpoint that it is our duty as Christians to the word of God to to gather ourselves together. And we saw that very clearly in the word of God and that in gathering uh we have a prescription in the word of God to give and to give from our hearts and to give according to the word of God. And then we added that third part and it's scriptural. We see it in the word of God to support missions. And what I uh liked about it is these things kind of work together that if you're if you're coming to church and fellowshipping and in the word of God and getting to know one another, it kind of builds uh a faithfulness even in your giving. And once you've been able to establish a rhythm in those things, then you could actually begin to support beyond yourself locally. Uh we're not a missions organization. If we were, we'd kind of just shut this part down and tell you to give all the gas money you used to come here and all the money you spend on meals afterwards and all your tithes and offerings and everything. We wouldn't need it for this and we would just collect funds as a missionary organization and send it overseas. But that's not God's that's not God's will. And so as you do these other two things, it's kind of a this supporting missions and looking beyond your own borders is kind of the outcome and the product of our faithfulness in these other two things. We're faithful in coming to church. faithful in our giving. It allows us to be able to do things beyond our Jerusalem around the world to support other needs. And I was going to take some time maybe this morning to show pictures of uh churches that we help put windows on and missionaries we've supported and the works and printing things overseas and all these different things this church has been doing. But I thought maybe we'd save it for the new year. But there's just a lot of things that we can be doing as we're faithful. we see this product and this consequence of the the momentum we have in the word of God. And there's a lot that can be said on this and it it just relates to this right here. The coming together as a body of believers in our hearts believing that we're part of a church here and God's brought us together. These are things that are God's will for us. And then we what I would say is the most important part or these three things that relate to more of our personal lives and our lives away from church. And let me say this, the attending church part to me is for the purpose of supporting this part. Uh you're not going home and living good lives at home so that you can make our church look good when you show up at church and so that you represent our church well and you represent your pastor well and you represent my ministry well. Has nothing to do with it at all. As a matter of fact, what we do here is for the purpose of representing you well and supporting you and lifting you up so that you can live an overcoming life uh and and be a testimony to your community and your neighborhood. And these are three things we could say are God's will for us without a doubt. And we outlined them as sanctifying your home. Looked at that in the context of applying the token. And then as we uh move the world out, we bring the word in. And this should be something that's part of a regular discipline. whatever interval you might have as a family. I think some rhythm is important and doing it frequently is good to gather around the word. There's a lot of things that are very easy to gather around and there's no resistance. There's no reluctance for it. I think in our family if we promised Freddy's or something like that on a regular basis, everybody would be up for it. Uh even if it was open 24/7, you could probably get everybody in the car and off of the K. When I say everybody, you'd have to drag Sister Elizabeth and I. But Elliot could just tell the Tesla, "Drive me to the nearest Freddy's." And they could show up and eat all. They do it every time. They say, "Let's grab the Bible. Let's pray. Let's read." There's always a there's always friction there. It's always tough, but it's important for us to gather around the word. And then I look at this as kind of a consequence and the fruit of a sanctified home that gathers around the word. You start looking outside of yourself and you can live for others, which is perfectly eternal life. So each one of these, the attending church, contributing, the gathering around the word as an assembly allows us to minister beyond our borders and beyond our walls. And then sanctifying your home, gathered around the word creates and cultivates an atmosphere of unselfishness to live for others, whether it be others in your own family, others in the church. There's a lot of things uh that we could use to point that out. But it's kind of the consequence or the fruit of doing doing the first two. So, I'd say, "Let's not start with number three on both of these." I say, "Well, let's just we want to support missions or we we want to live for others. Do these other things first." And it puts you in a in a a path and it puts you in a rhythm to be able to do more for God. That was kind of part of the underlying theme was people want to do great things for God, but they don't want to do the little things that God has asked of them in order to do the great things and be used of God. So, there's a lot of real rich principles that we could use in our daily lives. And so these six things are part of God's will for us. And I say part because I know there's a lot more to it. And then there's very specific individual things that we may be called to do, but they all have a reason in doing it. There's a purpose or as we see there's an outcome from doing it where God's not just asking you to do something so that you could check a box. It's not Catholicism where you did the stations, but God has a very practical uh output that he wants to see or that he can give you by doing that. The statement uh introduces a a a saying that I want to come back to later on seek ye first the kingdom of God and bring that out of Matthew 6. But brother Brandham preaching witnesses says seek ye first the kingdom of God. Have you ever witnessed that to be the truth? Amen. He says put God first. Pay your tithes first. Pay everything first. Uh pay God. Pray first at morning. Pray all through the day. Give God the first place in everything. You'll be a witness. This is one of those scriptures we or quotes that we used when we did this series on how there's a certain emphasis on doing the right thing and doing it first and letting the word have preeminence. And he says you ought to uh put God first, give God the first place in everything. He says you'll be a witness. You'll be the appropriate reflection of the word of God. You'll be an ambassador. You'll be a billboard a and you'll be an accurate representation of what the word stands for. No matter what you say, if you're not doing these things and actually putting God first, then then there's you're not going to accurately portray a Christian. And if I could say this, I don't even know if I ever expressed this, but I was just even going back through some of the things I was writing down at the end of the year last year as God was dealing with me on that subject and kind of this year in preview and these six different things. My original burden was to inspire just Lord help me as a pastor to inspire a greater faithfulness. Uh I just don't want the discipline of coming to church and just getting into a rhythm of church things and we just become very churchy. My desire was to inspire greater faithfulness to and an engagement with the word there. Some it's something living. It's something real. It's something that transcends just the the dynamics of a local assembly. And just inspire it. inspire faithfulness to attendance and tithing and and supporting missions. And you all have done a wonderful job on those things and and then doing all that so that we could have the kind of teaching and ministry here to be able to encourage you and give you the resources you need to sanctify your home, gather around the word, live for others. So to me just all working together I thought Lord how can we inspire uh a greater faithfulness to the word of God and engagement interaction in the word of God so that those who are gifted and those who are called to certain positions and those who have even maybe a place that they need to be and I'll even say it this way that if you're here in the perfect will of God but ultimately his will is going to move you somewhere else then I want to provide the resources so that you can follow the path that God has for you and place you where you need to be because as much as I love you, I don't want you out of the will of God by being here. I I I just don't know that we would ever want to compromise that way. And just believe that if it's God's perfect will for you, we want it for you. We want to see you succeed. And that was really at the heart of of of these things and that whole series as we're kind of looking at it in review. And it's these things are for your own spiritual development. Amen. And and for your uh and for your own spiritual well-being individually, your spiritual well-being, your spiritual development as an individual, but also for your families. A and whether you be just a young newlywed couple or whether or not you be single uh or your grandparents or wherever you may be in life. Uh there's things those things are a part of our lives as Christians and ways that we can be faithful to the word of God, giving him access to our hearts to change things in our lives and for our own spiritual development and well-being. And so I want to use the statement hopefully to use this as a little bit of a a transition now into step by step. And I want to introduce now another theme to seek ye first the kingdom of God. And now another principle is in the great commission. You just be what you are. It's a very important principle because we're wired to compare. We see one person doing one thing and we feel like, oh, that's the right thing to do. And we could admire other believers. We could look up to them. We can see their example and their testimony. Their spirit bears witness with ours. And so, they're they're natured a certain way and they do things really, really well. And you go, "Oh, I want to do that, too." And trust me, there's things that godly people do that we want to aspire to do. And you're we're just not natured that way. We're just not gifted that way. And you'll try it and you'll fail. Amen. And you'll and then you'll get discouraged. So, it's just important to be what you are. If you're not the type of person to do certain things and you see someone doing it, thank God there's someone that God has called and burdened and blessed to do it so you don't have to. Right? There's certain people we want helping in certain areas because they do it really, really well. And if you're not gifted in that way, you don't want to be doing it. You want to find what you are and be who you are. Just be what you are. God wants you the way he made you and just keep that in mind and be just what and that kind of trails. It's a fragment, but maybe he was gonna say just be what God called you to be. Be what you're supposed to be. And he says if it's a doormat, be a doormat. Uh it reminds me of a time when a delivery driver came by our house and knocked on the door and then was walking away and um and my brother Matthew answered the door, looked out and the guy looked back and says, "It's by the doormat." And he goes, "How did you know my name?" He's like, "No, the doormat." And so he says, "If you want to be a door," he says, "If it's a doormat, be a doormat." I want to be the best doormat he ever had. Kind of reminds me of the testimony of, you know, be the best bum you can be. If you're going to be something, be the best. But now it's more in line with not what you want to be, but what he wants you to be. I want to be the best doormat he ever had. If I have to be the doormat or whatever it is in the house of God, I love that. Whatever it is in the house of God, let me serve my office the best that I can for him. That's another theme. If you want to just kind of jot it down and whatever, however you take notes, if you have columns, if there's different ways that you do it, that's that's another one I want you to key in on. This is brother saying, "Whatever he wants you to be, you be the best." If he wants you to be, be the best. So we ought to have some ambition as Christians, as message believers to not just be good message believers and maybe not even to be message believers alone, whether it be good, better or best, but we want to be the best uh that he has called us to be. Not just be satisfied with the status quo and being very static, but we want to step by step be if we can say we're good, then we're good getting better. And it's step by step from good to better till we take that last step into perfection to our better has become best. And as we look back on this past year, I'm sure there's a lot of things that we look back on and I think brother Brandham even makes reference to this in the new year sometimes where we may look back with a lot of regrets and we go, "Oh, I did this and I did that." And often times it's our regrets that kind of form our vision for the future. I I regret gaining this much weight. I regret doing this habit. I regret that I didn't do this. I regret that I didn't do that. So, we make a lot of promises in the new year of the things that we want to change. And I believe that we ought to have um a discipline in our hearts and a desire in our hearts, not in that carnal way of turning over a new leaf and a and New Year's resolutions, but say, "Lord, what is it that I can do better? How can I do better to serve you as a husband or as a as a son in the home, as a as one that attends church or interacts with the community, whatever it might be? Lord, how can I better serve you so that we could take another step from where we you're good. You're doing great. I can say to you all uh and the and in the presence of witnesses today of our visitors that as a church, you all are the cream of the crop. You're doing awesome in your attendance, in your giving, in your faithfulness, in your supporting for missions. I I I haven't done any audits on your homes, but just based upon your lives around us, you're sanctifying your homes just by your conversations. We see you're gathering around the word and we see it in the nature of the hearts of the people to live for others. You all are doing awesome. You're doing wonderful. And with that in in our hearts and our minds, let's not get complacent. said, "Lord, if this is all about uh uh progress and this is all about outcome and fruits, and as I do these things, let it get better and let it step by step be my best cuz I want to do be the best." He says, "The best that I can for him." And there's some that we could say that as long as you know you're given your best. I think we find this principle is even true in child development that what you want to encourage and promote in your children is not that they're smart or that they're talented, but they tried their hardest and that they did their best. And if one a child does something and you look at it and this one draws something and then the other one draws something, you're like, "Well, I know what this is. That's really really really good. I don't know what this is." you by comparison, you could really destroy the confidence in the one and maybe inflate the one of the other to where you say, "Did you try your best? Did you give it all? Did you follow instructions in a way that you encourage that?" Because that kind of mindset is what's going to produce success. And so, we're not comparing ourselves to others, but we're just asking ourselves, am I doing what I know I can do within the power that God has given me to be my best for him? Now in Psalms 119 verse 133 as we were reading in here uh in this passage and I don't know how much maybe we'll go back and capture some of these other parts but I wanted to use this and so I felt that that would be a good text to take. He says David I think maybe is the one that this is attributed to order my steps in thy word and let not any iniquity I love how he says any iniquity have dominion over me. He's expressing a strong desire for revelation and I I I want to know your will for my life. I want to know your word. I want to understand your precepts. And it would have been easy in those days for a student of the law to have the text and just uh you know just read it a a and know what it says. But what he's expressing is that I want what I know to be written to be translated into an understanding and spiritual knowledge so I can do the right things in the right moment. It was a it was a a strong desire not only for revelation but a desire to go forward because he says steps I want to move forward correctly. I want to move forward righteously. Order my steps means make them firm so I'm not stumbling that they're not halting. I'm I'm not tripping up. I'm not complacent. Uh I'm not being slowed. So want to order my steps so I'm stepping in a way that allows me to keep going forward. Because maybe sometimes we see, well, I need to go this direction. But we step in a way to where we're losing momentum. We're bumping into things. We're not taking the clear path. And we want, he said, order my steps, my motions, and my actions. Order them that they might be according to thy word, which we know his word is his will. Amen. This speaks of an ambition. This speaks of a desire. I came across so many different statements. I just want to be able to kind of pepper these in and I hope they find the right spot. But I was reading where brother Brandham in the sermon faith once delivered to the saints. He's talking about how these services is coming up and there's something in the afternoon. A and he he wanted to keep himself uh committed and to himself. He says, "I like to be a little alone later in the afternoon when the service would be going here." And so there was a service going on, but he had a commitment to minister. And so he wanted to be alone so that I could pray and concentrate and wait for that service tomorrow night. It's uh speaks to something. Now he's taking this serious. He's in a series of meetings. there's going to be a service taking place in the afternoon and the next day he's preaching in the evening. He says, "I want to I I won't be able to come to that service that afternoon." He says, "Cuz I want to be the best." Amen. I want to do my best. I want to be found doing my best to pray, to concentrate, to get ready, to prepare, to minister the next night. I want to be found doing my best. What time I have left, I want it every hour to count for Christ. I purposed in my heart by the grace of God to do everything that I know how for the kingdom of God and the coming of Christ. Likewise, this ought to be our purpose. I if I could put it this way, the way this doveetailed for me is David says, "Order my steps in thy word." Brother saying, "I want to be my best. I want to be doing found doing my best." What better can there be except to do what God wants us to do. That would be the best thing we could do. I wanted to be the best. I want to do my best. I want to be found doing my best. With what time he had left, he wanted to to count for Christ. He purposed in his heart to do everything that he knew how for the kingdom of God and the coming of Christ. Order my steps in thy word. And it's a request that's made known to God. It's a lifting up to the Lord because it's this isn't something we figure out on our own where we're going to sit back and be like, "Oh, let's just kind of sit down and let's just map out 2024 a little bit and let's just put together a bucket list and let's put together some sort of paradigm of the things that we want to be able to do and accomplish uh for the year." Uh this is something that you ask God to direct you in or it's something that you go back to the word of God to find the framework within which you're going to operate. There may be something God wants you to do, but you can't just do it any way you want to. You got to do God's will God's way. You have to do it that way. Well, get the ark back where it belongs. Okay, well, let's just put it on a cart. No, you've got to do God's will his way. Amen. And in Jeremiah 10:es 23- 24, it says, "Oh Lord, I know that the way of man is not in himself. It is not in man that walketh to direct his steps. Lord, correct me, but with judgment, not in thine anger, lest thou bring me to nothing. Quite a statement that he's expressing here that I know that the way of man is not in himself. It is not in man that walketh to direct his steps. And it is believed that it is said of Nebuchadnezzar that he himself uh was not the master of his own decisions and that he wasn't a mastermind and tactician and one who was such a great king and a great military leader and visionary to he his prowess was on display in conquering nations and when he went to go defeat this uh country he changed his mind and went and defeated another it and basically the observation that's being made is God was using him to bring his own word to pass and that God had made a promise to Israel if they did certain things and he would bless them and since they weren't doing what they were supposed to do they were coming captive to these other nations and so Nebuchadnezzar was conquering and doing a lot of great things and he's thinking look at my life it's so blessed and everything I did in 2023 is so awesome and everything is good and he believed it was because of himself but this observation is made by the inspiration of God I know that the way of man is not in himself that and it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps. So there must be a humility to acknowledge that his his way. A humility to say this isn't a path of my own. This isn't a way that I'm a role that I'm holding on my own. This isn't a direction I've chosen for myself. But rather I have been shown the way and therefore I make the decision to take his way. that it's not just a matter of blazing a new trail, but Lord, show me the path I need to go. And if that's the path you need to go in, then you humble yourself to take his way. And then you credit him for giving the grace in your life. I say, "Well, he showed me the way to take. I took that way." And when it works out, you don't come out on the other side and say, "Man, was this not a great decision or what?" You say, "This was this is his grace." Could we not all admit that there's been a lot of things in our lives that worked out really, really well and God blessed it? And you know what? God looked out after us and covered us. I was going to say we got lucky, but uh don't call me lucky, call me blessed. Thanks, Sister Sherry. And so, there's a there's a thought to where we look at it and say, "Wow, I didn't even know what I was doing or I made I did that for all the wrong reasons, but God washed out over me." That's where we ought to say, you know what, if it was up to me, this would be a mess. But God's grace and where we have that humility to say, Lord, order my steps in your word. And as you order my steps in your word, Lord, I want to have the humility to take that that grace for him to show you and the humility for you to walk in it. And then when it's all done, have that kind of humility to come back and say, "It's the Lord. I didn't do this." The Bible speaks of how who can understand his errors and to be cleansed from secret faults. It says in Psalms 19:13, "Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins." Or you could even maybe say the sin of presumption, but presumptuous sins, let them not have dominion over me. This brings us back to the statement of let not any iniquity have dominion over me. order my steps in your word that all my motions and my actions are according to your will so that I'm stepping in the right direction so that my there's no secret faults and presumptuous sins that are keeping me or that are the result of not being in your will or that are keeping me from getting back in your will. Keep me back from presumptuous sins. Let them not have dominion over me. There's a way that these presumptuous sins have dominion over us to keep us from doing the right thing. So it goes back to Lord order my steps in thy word because if I can be in your word then no iniquity can have dominion over me lest I step out of or veer away from come out from under the protection of his perfect will. So it's a it's a a request. Lord I I I and maybe I should just put it this way. I want you to recognize the power of being in his will where there's no dominion over you by any iniquity and we can be kept from presumptuous sins that likewise have dominion. So he could point back to Nebuchadnezzar. Nebuchadnezzar got lifted up. He didn't have the humility to acknowledge uh God and his ways or he got lifted up in his pride because of things that were happening. And what did God do? Made him lose his mind. turned and acted like a beast and was eating grass and and there was this great uh transformation that took place in his life and he brought was brought very very low and it's an incredible biblical story but it was because he got lifted up in his own pride and wouldn't humble himself to even give God the glory and the sermon influence brother Brandham is touching on that a little bit and this is a very lengthy statement and I do recognize just the time is really getting away from us this I promise to be done this year. And in a sermon influenced by it, it says, "Now we find that this king did like so many Christians of today. As long as he stayed humble, then God blessed him." And we know he's uh uh not referring to Nebuchadnezzar right here, but he comes to he says, "But the Bible said here that when he got lifted up, when he got everything secured, then he become lifted up in his own self and then he was on his road out." So when we when we take inventory the things that have taken place in our lives and all the blessings and my we could just talk about all the great blessings that have been transpiring in people's lives and they thrill us and encourage us but let's just remember from whom they came and what brought it and what brought these things to us because he says he kind of looked and felt secured and got lifted up and even he could say in the things maybe that God's doing the things that have transpired the blessings that have come our way the job choices or whatever it might be that are paying off. He says he was once he got lifted up in himself, he was on the road out. Now, that's how it is today with churches. Pay very close attention so we can just make it applicable to ourselves. It's always been that when men feel that they have become sufficient, they don't have to pray anymore. They don't have to wait upon God for their ministry. If you'll par this expression, I agree with a certain writer that that's what has caused many of these men that's been in these latter-day revivals of this last day revival to fly to pieces. There's this uh overconfidence in the things that have been happening. A and even the genuine moves of God and the healings and the signs and wonders and maybe some gifted discernment or whatever it might be that work, they get lifted up in themselves even to the point where men will start to use a gift in air and refuse to acknowledge it. because they get lifted up. They don't have to pray. They don't have to wait on God for their ministry. It's just they're very carnal now. They're just using it. And he said, "Wait, he says that these latter-day revivals or movements, they fly to pieces. Some of them found they've been claimed to drunk in their pulpit and some of them has done wrong." What a shame. What a shame. It's because they have such an influence on the people to they begin to feel that they're self-sufficient. That's their little kingdom and they can and they got the people so in their grip that they can just do anything they want to and the people don't notice it. This is exactly the truth. It's that reality distortion field. It's that those dynamics of a cult where there's a authoritarian leader and there's one at the top and everyone just kind of obeys and does whatever they say and they can do no wrong to the point to whatever they do that becomes the new standard. there's an excuse for it. Now, I'm not reading these because I feel like I'm preaching to a bunch of uh false prophets and cult leaders. I mean, that would be a different convention, but we're we're doing this because he's going to bring it down from maybe this high level stuff to us individually. But God notices it. And that's where you can take great comfort. God notices it. You see, that's the one like Nebuchadnezzar one day walked out and said, "Look what a great kingdom I've built." And then the angel Lord smokeote him. And when a man or woman, now he's not just talking about these ministers in these uh latter reign revivals. He says when a man or woman, no matter whether he's a bishop or cardinal or whatever he might be, when you begin to feel that you are self-reliant, then you better begin to watch and take heed. When you feel that the way is in yourself, when the Bible says, "I know that the way of man is not in himself. It's not in man that walketh to direct his steps." When you feel self-reliant in your own decisions, your own thought making ability that you have the right, you have the right chi and I'm going to be able to navigate this life uh uh well because of the energy that I have and this life force that I have within me uh within and of yourself or some sort of universal power. You've got to recognize that it's not in man organically to know the way within himself, the right way and to get it right. So, we have to recognize I am not self-reliant, but I am al sufficiency is in Christ. He says, when you begin to think that you're self-reliant, then you better begin to watch and take heed because God won't let you go like that because he will not share his glory with anyone. Let me pause this that there may be things that happen in our lives just because God needs to correct your attitude. It's not evidence that you're not his child. It's more evidence that you are his child because he's like look I need you cannot uh be taking the glory. My glory cannot be shared with anyone. You have to recognize from whom this came and there's this God allowing things to happen so that we recognize oh this is what's doing it. Now instead of us just thinking man what a narcissist God is that he wants to get all the credit. No he wants you to recognize the dynamics that work that he gets the glory. In other words, we recognize, oh, that's why these great things are happening because I'm doing this and this is according to his will. This is operated according to principle in the word of God or a principle of faith. And so, the more I do this, the more successful I'll be spiritually, the better benefit I'll be to my family, to my loved ones, the better I can live above depression and anxiety and financial ruin. There's a way that if I'm doing this, then that's what works. And so, God's not just wanting to get credit for it. He's wanting you to credit him so that you could take advantage of his credit. Why? He's giving you a checkbook. He's want you to know that you can fill it out and know how to use it and not just luck your way into blessings. He says he will not share his glory with anyone. No sir, God takes glory alone. Sometimes God can bless a man and give him a little minister that maybe is a little better than his brethren or not better, but just something a little different from his brethren. And the first thing you know, the man becomes exalted with his chest out and oh my, he would he would brush you off the street. And that's the time that I believe that man has started again. He says this out the door. He's using that phrase down the road. Out the door. And he says because God don't God can't use a person like that. When we're looking for God's blessings and his will in our lives, let's keep the credit to him. and not believe that we're self-reliant because it's not in us to know our way. It's not in us to figure it out. So David says, "Order my steps in thy word. Show me the steps to take your steps." And then and then we have to take the corrective measures to imp implement that path. that if God tells you to take a step here and there's something that's keeping you from taking that step, then you have to know that if God wants you to do something, he's provided you with the power and resources to do his will. He's never going to ask you anything that his grace cannot allow you to do it. So, we have to sometimes make the difficult choice and put forth the effort and the corrections to implement or to take that step. And I'm using this as a New Year's statement to us. And it this was maybe one of the original things that began to turn in my heart a little bit as we neared this service in the sermon contest. He preached it on New Year's Eve in 1962. Heavenly Father, as we stand here, as many thoughts are dying out in our hearts and the mistakes of the last year, and as we're approaching the death of 62 and the birth of 63, and we could say the same now as 23 is dying out, and it's soon going to be gone, and there's going to be 20 uh four going to be coming uh coming up and being born. He says, "Oh, God, may we be one step higher up the ladder." Now, that's maybe not a lot of rungs. He's just saying one. And would you rather stay on the one you're on or at least go one? But sometimes I believe that people are happy never getting on the ladder if they can't immediately be at the top. They say, "Well, I want to be on the top." Well, you can't do it that way. You got to start climbing. Well, then I I'm not I'm not even going to try. And and I know maybe in that sense it's kind of uh calling out a bad attitude, but sometimes it could be a little bit different than that. And it's just like, well, I don't know if I can make it to the top, so I'm not even going to try. I I just don't know if I'm worth going to the top, so I'm going to try. And listen, it's not a matter of here's the ladder, here's the mountain, get to the top. Say, just take a step. Just make take a step. If you know it's God's will, just take the step. I'm sure you've heard the story before where a man was had a lived out in the wilderness and he had built a house and he built the house kind of in such a way to was by this rock for some shelter. And God spoke to him one day and he knew it was God was just he said God told him to push against this boulder in front of his house. And so he thought well I I'd better do what God wants me to do. So the man be to push this boulder day after day trying to move this boulder trying to push it down the hill or get it away from his house. And he tried day after day after day to where he got very very discouraged. And after a while, maybe it was at the end of the year, he kind of said, "Well, Lord, you spoke to me a year ago, and you told me uh to push against this rock, and here I've pushed all year long, and I've never moved the rock. Lord, I'm a failure, and and I and I just I'm just going to quit and give up." And God immediately spoke to him again, and said, "I never asked you to move it. I just asked you to push against it." And the man was like, "Well, what was the point?" He said, "How strong is your back now? How much more strength do you have in your muscles and your fortitude and your stamina? He's like, "Oh, well, I just assumed you wanted me to move the rock. I didn't realize you were putting me in a pretty good resistance training regime for a whole year." And God's like, "Yeah, I know what I'm doing. I know just how to get you fit spiritually." And and and sometimes we think, "Well, if I go to church, this has to happen. If I do this, this has to happen. If I pay my tithe, I I got to get the bonus. If I support missions, I got to see this." He hasn't asked you to predetermine what he's wanting you to do by doing it. He just wants you to do it. Whatever it is, just do it. And then the results will be what God wants those results to be. And sometimes it's just take another step on the ladder. I want to be like those firefighters who can work in tandem. And the next thing you know, the guy's up there and the water buckets are just going, I want to be I want to be at the top. He says, "No, just take one step." One step up the ladder. It's remarkable to think that he can make this statement. May we be one step higher up the ladder knowing what's coming in 1963. He says until we can see Jesus and his program. What is that? What how does it the language sound to you? Step by step. Maybe we unstep higher up the ladder. Until. So Lord, let me just keep going one step at a time. Amen. With each step, one step at a time, Lord willing, step by step, higher and higher. And as I get higher and higher, I see your program. I see you. I see Jesus and his program. That's what's opened to us in the opening of those seals is one step higher up the ladder until that moment. And how do you get to the opening of the seals? How are you going to get to those great things promised in that? One rung at a time. Amen. One step at a time. Step by step. Deuteronomy 11. There's this image of footsteps in the Exodus. I want to read verses 18 to 28. And maybe we won't stop and expound upon a lot of these statements. So, we'll just highlight a couple places here, but I'm going to read these many verses here so you can catch the theme of God, God's word, and even what David would be drawing from when he talks about order my steps in thy word. And he talks about that thy law is precious and thy words are sweet and how much preeminence, especially in Psalms 119, is given to the word. It's because this is what God has to say. Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul and bind them for a sign upon your hand that they may be as frontlets between your eyes. The word of God is to have this uh this preeminence. And you shall teach them your children, speaking of them when thou sitest in thy house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseth up. Well, there's not much room for not doing it. and thou shalt write them upon the doorpost of thy house and upon thy gates. This is that word that we're talking about. You gather around. This is the word that we're being obedient to. This is the word that's to order your steps. Wasn't just the the the uh wasn't just to have a sign, but it was having a reminder of the word and what the word spoke of. So, you would come back to what what what it what it referred to, what it meant, and what it wrote about. and I shall write them upon the doorpost of thine house and upon thy gates that your days may be multiplied. Here's the outcome. Here's the fruit. Here's the blessings. In the days of your children, in the land which the Lord swear unto your fathers to give them as the days of heaven upon the earth. For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you to do them, to love the Lord your God, to walk in all his ways, and to cleave unto him, then will the Lord drive out all these nations from before you, and you shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves. What was the secret to fully possessing their promised land? Full fully being positionally placed, loving the Lord, walking in his ways, and holding to him. summarized essentially as diligently keeping all his commandments. That's why no true believer is any more healthy or spiritually alive than his knowledge of and his cleaving to and holding to the pure word of God. Every place where on the souls of your feet shall tread shall be yours. Why? Because you're walking in all his ways. So there has to be step by step where the souls of your feet where they tread, it shall be yours. Now, how are you going to do that? You have to step on it. Has to be step by step. I know there's a lot of things we just claim, right? We just claim it and we're just using the third pull. We're claiming it. We're just going to speak it and we're going to we're going to claim it in that way. But you know what? There still has to be footsteps. Sometimes what we're doing is we're just doing a I dream a genie blink and hoping it's going to happen. That's what we did. We just claimed it by I believe my children could be saved and we're not putting any footsteps to it. Right. Right. No overt action, no no demonstration of a confidence in the word of God. So there has to be footsteps. Every place where on the souls your feet shall tread shall be yours. From the wilderness in Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even under the uttermost sea shall your coast be. So now he tells them where they need to walk. And know what's beautiful about this? He tells them where not to walk. He's saying within these boundaries, walk all you want cuz it's yours. And I think maybe sometimes what we're doing is we're trying to dip our toe in the world and take possessions in the world that aren't ours. And when we go to stepping on that, that's when we get something bad happens cuz God said, "I never promised to give that to you. I'm telling you what the borders are. I'm telling you what you can have confidence in. I'm telling you what you can believe. That's where you can put your foot and know that it's yours. There shall no man be able to stand before you. For the Lord your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you upon all the land that ye shall tread upon, as he hath said unto you. They still have to tread upon it. Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse. a blessing if you obey the commandments of the Lord your God, which I command you this day, and a curse if you will not obey the commandments of the Lord your God, but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day to go after other gods which you have not known. Notice again the image of veering from a path. Notice steps but in the wrong direction. Steps but upon the wrong promise. Steps but upon the wrong thing to where now they're going to be possessing things they should not have. It's kind of a remarkable thought if you think that wherever your souls or your feet shall tread, it will be yours. That means you're taking possession of some of these nasty things that you've got in your life. Why? You're walking on it. Why do you own that bad attitude? You stepped on it. Why do you own that lust? You're stepping on it and you're possessing it. Keep your feet clean by walking in the path. Let's wash cleanse our way by taking heed according to the word of God. And let's take some personal accountability. Hey, the reason why these things are is because we took possession of these things. We took ownership of these things and so I want to relinquish them because it's not within the framework of what God promised to me. Brother Bradam says this in the message presuming God's got a program. Oh God, let us be one step higher up the ladder. One rung at a time, one step at a time till we can see Jesus and his program. And this isn't just some sort of guess. He says, "God's got a program." So he says, "And let's just get right in it and move on." Amen. God is sharing with the children of Israel his program. This word I gave to you, this is my program. Walk in it and all your enemies will flee before you. Walk in every promise of it and you'll possess all the entirety of the borders that I've granted you. God's got a program. Let's just get right in it and move on step by step. Move in it. And I love this. He says, "Don't wait and try to get this and that. You move yourself. God will move those who he's ordained to move that way. Sometimes it could look like a lonely road. Like, well, if I take this path, I'm going to do it alone. Well, if God wants you to take it, maybe he wants you to be alone. It's best to take it alone than to look for the crowd. Sometimes we're going the opposite way. Think about it. when there was this exodus and all those millions of people, two millions and this exodus and they're leaving and you say, "Well, okay, I'm going to follow these people." And as you get to going, all of a sudden you notice a couple guys veer off and they're headed straight for the promised land. You're like, "Who are these guys?" Oh, it's just Joshua and Caleb. They're headed to the promised land. You'd be like, "Well, you probably think, well, there's, you know, there's almost two million. There's just two there. I I'll I'll stick it out here." But guess what? It was the two that were right. Sometimes we need to go alone. God will move those. He says you don't wait to get this and that the other. Just reminds me sometimes of how people run their metrics and the choices they're making. Well, this needs to happen and this needs to be that way and if it had this and that and they start doing this choice. It's like the question is what about God's will? I if you know his will. Now, I'm not talking about the process of determining whether or not it's his will or making a decision the best you can and praying about what God's will is. There's some people who say no to what they know in their gut is God's will because all the other stuff isn't lining up yet for them. He says, "Don't wait and see that this lines up and this happens and get this and that. Move yourself. God will move those He's ordained to move that way. Just take your own. It's your stand. You take your stand. If the next fellow doesn't, how do we know it? Might not be for him to take it. This is this is pretty this is to me is real wonderful stuff. And it might it might mean a lot more to me personally than it does for you because this is one of the things that God supernaturally I I would deal my gave my wife in a very supernatural way when we were praying about our move here because just in the trajectory of how we were leave left Texas and we found ourselves in Newton North Carolina and as we were there and God was calling us to move uh here to start a church we were thinking well we've got a family of six we've got uh we've got 12 years and under is kind of the age range of our children and we're going to go move and we're going to have church with brother Mike and sister Jennifer. What a great youth group and a and young couples and all the things that we'll be doing. And it was like what are we moving to? What are we what what are our children? How are they going to have fellowship and how are they going to have a youth group? And could you imagine if I decided not to start a church because my church didn't have a youth group? Like well that's kind of backwards, isn't it? How about you start the youth group, right? some things maybe sometimes, well, I don't want to do that because they never do this. Well, why won't you be the guy that does it? And so, as when we were coming, the Lord just providing this through daily devotion and this scripture coming up, it spoke so deeply to my wife's heart. God's got a program. Just get right in it and move on. Don't worry about what's going to be there. Don't worry about all the other things. Just do what I've asked you to do. He says, you move yourself. God will move those he's ordained to be there. Oh my, I can almost jump out of my skin. Look what he's done for us. I just testify as a as a son of God, as a father who had a burden for his children. Look what he's done. Look at the ones he's ordained to be here that we would have never thought would be here. Why? God just did in his program. Do what he asked you to do. He'll take care of the rest. I say it's worth it. It's worth the sacrifice. It's worth overcoming the fears. It's worth overcoming the complexes because the glory that awaits on the other side of the opposition when God has called you to take possession, it's worth it. Hallelujah. He says it might not be for the others to go that way. And that's how we can have grace sometimes when God's moving us and others don't follow. It's may may not be for them. Their battle may be they want to follow you, but God's asking them to do something else. And that's that's where they've got to overcome the same way you did to take their path. Yes. He says it might not be for them to take it. My sheep hear my voice. And then he combines this. All the father has given me will come to me. They know a voice and the voice will guide them to that place. My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me. John 10:27 said, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow." There's that recognition of his voice and what his voice wants you to do. And then you w you step. How do you follow? One step at a time. It's that great riddle or that great question. How do you eat a 2,000lb elephant? Anybody know how to do it? One bite at a time. If God askked you to do something, just do it one bite at a time. One step at a time. I want you to climb that mountain. Well, I can't make it to the top. Well, you're never going to make it if you don't take a step. And sometimes you step and next thing you know, the step gets easier. It's one thing I've learned living in Arizona is we we have pretty much good hiking weather all year round. Just sometimes that time of the day is different. But, uh we you could there's you can always go on hikes and we're we as a family enjoy hikes. My wife and I enjoy uh going on certain hikes. I like the short flat ones. And uh so there's you find I found that the more that I would engage in the more rigorous ones and by rigorous I just mean you know a couple rocks here and there and you find that man your legs can get tired you get a little winded but you know if you just keep stepping you your legs aren't tired anymore you get your wind back and you realize oh man how how long 48 years of quitting at the first breath and the first pain when all I had to do is just keep stepping and you just keep stepping and it gets a little bit easier like man I was winning it I was my legs were weak I I was all shaking and we just got out of the car and finally got to the start of the trail. But just keep stepping. Just keep stepping. The more you step, the more strength you get, the more stamina you get, the more courage you get. And all it takes is just keep making a step. Keep making a step. Brother Brand, he's talking about these promises of every place that your souls uh shall tread upon. I'll give you land. He says, "If you can't take a step, just wiggle your toe. Just do something to show you want to move. I've heard your voice, oh Lord. You told me to take another step up the the rung up the ladder. I may not be able to get my leg back, but I can reach up to touch this one, and I'm just going to hold on to that one because soon enough I'm going to be able to get that leg up. I'm going to take the next step. Exodus 23:29-31, God gives these great promises. If you lay up these words in your heart and you diligently keep these commandments, I will actually drive out all the nations before you, I'll do it, and you will possess greater nations and mightier nations. Every place that your foot lands, I'll give it to you within these borders. He says, I give you a choice now, blessing or cursing. Then he says this this way. I want you to recognize how God then more detailed than this. Exodus 23:29-31 says, "I will not drive them out from before thee in one year." So now we have a little bit more color as he had said this in in the Exodus to this driving out all the enemies. So now he's kind of given an idea that it's not that I've already driven them out or that as soon as you knock on the door of Jericho, all of a sudden you're just going to feel this vacuum is all the interlopers are just leaving the promised land. He says, "I won't do it in one year lest the land become desolate and the beast of the field multiply against thee." You recognize the wisdom in that? He needed someone there tilling the fields. He needed someone there managing the crops and the and the animals. And he was going to leave them there for a while. He was going to use their uh their uh trespassing. He says, "I'm not going to do it all at once because then something terrible can happen to the land. Something terrible can happen to uh uh what I'm wanting to give you." So he says, "I won't do it immediately because of the consequences of that." So God has this great wisdom. Sometimes like, "Oh, this I want this time. I want that time." God's like, "We'll just take the first steps." Yeah. And if you just keep it, take a step, then as you make steps, it'll get closer and closer to your victory. And sometimes we're refusing refusing to take a step until we see the victory. Until we see that, well, you you haven't moved the roadblock. You're not even close to it yet. You're want me to remove the the the roadblock, but you've made no affirmative actions to show me that you want to go that way, that you will go that way. I told you this is the way I want you to go, and you're stopping. You're not doing anything I asked you to do. You're not doing any of the six because you need to see the roadblock move. move and God said just take a step. No, I don't want to do it. The roadblock's still there. You're not even close to the roadblock. But yeah, but once I get to the I feel like I'm talking to my kids. Once I get there and the roadblock's there, then right. He's like, the more you step, the more you step and the more you step. Then if there's a roadblock there, guess what? God will move it. When you go to make that last step, he'll be there. I think sometimes though, that roadblock was just an illusion. And you get closer and realize, oh, that's actually not a block. It's a step. He says, "By little," verse 30, "by little and little," if I could just be a little self- serving today. By step by step, "By little and little, I will drive them I will drive them out from before thee." Again, I'm just going to do it. God's going to do it step by step. God's going to do it little by little until thou be increased and inherit the land by little and little, step by step. If I can say this, there's no shortcuts. There's no easy fixes. There's nothing really quick by this. You've got to do it step by step. You've got to put footsteps to it. You've got to do the things that God asked you to do. You've got to be diligent in the simple things, the small things, the ABCs. You've got to be doing those six things that we've told you about in order to take the greater steps into other areas. You've got to be doing what God wants you to do and called you because there are no shortcuts to perfection. There is no shortcut in the rapture. There's no shortcuts into his grace. You've got to find the way that he wants you to take and take it cuz he says until thou be increased. What is that referring to? Maturing, growing. You know, with each push against the stone, the back gets stronger, the m muscles get stronger, the hands get more calloused, you get more ready and prepared for the labor that awaits you. He says there so there's a growing there's a maturing process with each step so that you can be in a better position. He's saying if I if I drove it all out then you would show up and you wouldn't be able to manage things. It'd be chaotic because you wouldn't have the maturity. You wouldn't have the knowhow. You wouldn't have the knowledge and the experience to be able to possess your land. But if I just do it piece by piece, you're learning as you go. You're growing. You're understanding more of my nature and my will. It's that tutoring. It's that child child rearing. It's that whole adoption process that brother Brandham expanded so much in his ministry on until thou be increased lest the field multiply against it. I'm going to let you grow into this to where you can fully possess everything. God is wanting to give us an adoption robe and we try it on and it doesn't fit and we just stumble over and trip over it, but if we'll just grow into it, it fits you just perfectly. And I will set thy bounds from the Red Sea and under the sea of the Philistines and from the desert under the river. And so now he's just mirroring that language of this is where you can walk. This is where you're going to go step by step. For I will deliver the inhabitants inhabitants of the land into your hand. Notice there it's God saying,"I will not do it in one year, but if you'll just take step by step and grow and mature, I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand." And then he says, "And thou shalt drive them out before thee." I will do it. He says, "I will deliver the inhabitants and you'll drive them out." This is God's program. Brother says, "God has a program and we must measure up to that program." This is how God wants us to do it. Step by step, step by step. Now, I'm at a spot here where I can determine whether or not I've already got my notes for Wednesday night. It's only 11:37. We haven't quite been preaching a full an hour yet. And the believer can sit hour after hour drinking in the word. Amen. Not quite in the after hour yet though. Matthew chapter 6. I would go ahead and just start reading this since we opened with that statement on seeking first the kingdom of God. Then we could just there's not much more here in terms of uh more thoughts that we could probably just go through very quickly here. I'll read this again much like we did in Deuteronomy 11. Are you are you awake? You feeling good individually? If we got enough that feel good, we can kind of rub off on everybody else who doesn't. And you can amen loud enough to wake up those who are sleeping. Matthew 6 25-34. Says, "Therefore, I say unto you," and therefore then is piggybacking off of these great things he's already been expounding upon. Take no thought for your life what you shall eat or what you shall drink. And we're kind of like, "Then what else do you think about?" I mean, we talk about what we're going to have for the next meal while we're eating the meal we just prepared. So, it's like, "What else? What else is there to talk about?" But what we're going to be eating, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat or what you shall drink, nor yet for the your body, what you shall put on. So it brings the sisters into the fellowship. He said, "It's not the life is not life more than meat and the body than reignment." And then just the the the logic, the pure logic of this is so beautiful. Behold the fowls of the air. For they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly father feedth them. Are you not much better than they? This I hope this just strikes a little bit deeper when all the things that we obsess about and we get anxious about and God's like, "Uh, just check out check out the birds next time." A and know that I'll take care of you. Amen. Which of you taking thought can add one cubit under his stature? That goes back to man thinking he's got the way within himself when he begins to think he's self-reliant. Which one of you can go and get taller? It doesn't happen. Isn't that right, Brother Elliot? doesn't happen. No, no matter how much you go now, it's just your tippy toes. You can't make yourself taller. Ellie, you'll get past six foot. I'm praying for you. It says he says, "Which one of you taking thought can add one cub into a stature? And why take ye thought for raignment?" So there's the food. Now the the the raignment consider the liies of the field how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. This is that lily of the field. When brother Brown talked about the lily spinning and toiling, he's talking about the pond lily. So that's where you don't get tripped up like, oh my goodness, this is a lily of the field versus the pond lily. Says, "And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith?" And even the most simple of things, reminds I don't know if it's brother Timothy that was ministering on it or maybe some something I was listening to or my wife was listening to on just how maybe it was brother Timothy how unconscious faith is it takes faith to do everything we have faith that the car is going to start we have faith that this is going to be there and this is going to happen he says it's all it's the most common thing it is he said and so he says oh you have little faith because the thing that you have so commonly you won't use it in the thing that's the most important to just believe God will provide. Let it be said of us as believers as this old year dies out and we enter into the new one. I will not be careful, anxious, and bow down about anything that God said he would provide for me. It may not be what you asked for, but he will provide what you need. That's right. We wanted to eat at Flemings every night of the week. Well, maybe it's not going to be that, but you will be eating. Amen. Take no thought. Verse 31. Therefore, take no thought, saying, "What shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or with all shall we be clothed?" And we were all thinking about whether or not we should go home and change before we go eat. So, we had to pick out two things. Our outfit and where we wanted to eat. Right now, today, while service is going on, there's probably already been a note pass. Where are we eating later? I think I'm going to put on my RTO's fit. For all these things, after all these things do the Gentiles seek. Now, why did he just bring us into it? It's because they didn't have a God who made them specific promises. So, they lived according to the flesh. They woke up every morning being like, I better keep my land. I better keep my crops. I better keep my possessions. I better keep my assets. I got to keep all these things that I need in order to procure living and substance and be able to barter and trade because they had to look after themselves, defend their borders, everything else. Because the Gentile didn't have a God who said, "I'll give you a land. I'll give you crops. I'll give you rain. I'll give you blessings. Everything you need, just do what I say, I'll give it to you." They didn't have a promise. So, what they had to do, fend for themselves. They had to take thought. They had to barter. They had to exchange. They had to be creative. They had to fight. They had to war. He says, "You don't have to act like the heathen does, right? You don't have to live that way. Because your pro your heavenly father knoweth that you have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the tomorrow. For the tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient of the day is the evil thereof. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. What was the kingdom of God? The spirit. The word of the Lord made spirit and life in your own life. Christ is mystery. God revealed. We did a series on the kingdom of God. You might notice we're bringing in a lot of from different series we've preached all year long. Says, "Seek ye first the word of God made spirit and life in your own life." That's what I want to seek. The word of God made spirit and life in my life. It's that object of supreme choice, the kingdom, his righteousness, his this is what I want to pursue. His character, what is right. In other words, he's saying the heavenly and the earth will follow. Amen. Seek the heavenly. Seek that that that that that uh mystery of heaven. Seek the glories of God. Seek the revelation of God. Seek the heavenly and the earthly will be added. I'll just read through it very quickly. In the church age book, Brother Bam was talking about how God even in the Smyrnian age, he said, "I knew your poverty like a father. He looks on his family. He's the head of the household. He's the provider. He's a protector. And how the unbeliever stumbles at it? But God, how can God bear to look upon his own in a time of need and not just stop it all, just give in and lavish every material upon him? Here is where we have to believe again in the love and the goodness of the and the goodness and wisdom of God. And this is where he uses Matthew 6, take no thought for the martyr, what shall eat, what you shall put on. Your father knoweth the things you have need of. He who clothe the lily and feeds the sparrow shall do much more for you. These physical things are not the true basic necessities of your life. For a man's life consisteth not of the things he possesses, but rather seek ye first the king of God and his righteousness, and all material necessities will be added unto you. Hallelujah. Seek him first and all the material necessities will be added. You realize just how backwards we've got it. We've been trying to get all the material necessities together so that we could seek him first. Well, if I can just get a go job that allows me to be in church. If I could just get enough money to pay my tithe, if I could just do this and do that. And we're trying to get all the material necessities in place first to serve God. Like, no. No. You've got it backwards. Put me first and it'll be there for you. Put me first and it'll be there. I just been warned by so many thoughts and testimonies that we could share personally of how people even in this past year began to do the things that God asked them to do and the immediate benefits and results they begin to see from it. Whereas before maybe they thought if I could just get to a place where I can if I could just get to a place where I can and it's this sense of well I need all the basic necessities in place. I need these certain things in order for me to really give my all to God and put God first and do what I should do as a Christian. I need all these basic necessities. And God's saying, "Well, I kind of thought it might be better if you just gave your whole heart to me, and just sought me with everything that was in you, with every whatever you had. You if you could just give me your best, what you have now, your best, I'll provide the basic necessities. And with the basic necessities, you'll have the momentum you need to where your be better can become best. And your best gets best and best till it's the bestest. Psalms 37:23, the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. A good man here is it's quite a statement. I know we all try to want to profess to be a good man. Uh my accountant for a number of years it he would always keep his clients boxes just all around in his office and uh my box had my name Aaron McGiri and underneath it he said it said a good man nobody else had it and all my brothers and my dad they all used the same accountant so I was kind of always like right just want you to notice and who knows it might have been Goodman the Goodman corporation or something before that but I thought it was a good man you know But here it says a good man. The reason why it says a good man, it doesn't just mean only a good man because the word they're good means a strong man, a conqueror, a hero. In other words, even the most powerful must rely upon God instead of their own efforts or their own strength. The steps of even a good man, the steps of a conqueror, the steps, the steps of a strong and the wise are ordered by the Lord. If you're weak and feeble and don't have knowledge and wisdom and understanding, you might feel like, "Well, yeah, I'm just totally dependent upon the Lord." But even those that you think have it all together and are smart enough to figure it out, they too likewise should depend and must rely upon the Lord to get it right. Even the strongest, a good man, a strong a conqueror has to rely upon God and not his own strength or his own will or his own strength will fail. The steps of a good man are order of the Lord and he delightth in his way. In other words, my happiness, I can say this for all of us, our happiness comes from doing the will of God. And that's what creates that um when we preached on wonder lust and wonder lost. What what we've been we're chasing that thrill or that high that dopamine release. So, it's this natural process that we engage in as as human beings and whether it be the apps or sports or whatever it might be that kind of gives us that creates that requisite tension and there's a certain reward or payoff that comes and as as that happens and transpires then we want to do it again and with some of these things there's certain rhythms to it whether it be apps that say every day at 2:00 there's going to be a new crate chest cart whatever it might be that's released and so you can't wait you can't wait you want to open it up and see what you get and then there's other tensions where now there's a game on Monday night there's a game on Tuesday night there's a game on Wednesday night there's a game on Thursday night. There's a game on Friday night. Right. Right. Right. Now, they're starting to stack them up to where you always have these intervals where you can get tension release. Tension release. And it's creating synthesizing the joy that a believer and the stimulation a believer is supposed to get out of the word where there's some sort of tension, there's some sort of pressure. You go to the word of God. You're seeking relief. You're you're wanting to find him. And then when you find him, it gives you that thrill, gives you that benefit, gives you that stimulation. So, you find yourself torn in this cycle of feeding all the natural things. when the Bible says my I will delight in his way when I keep the good the word of the lord that there's a certain satisfaction that must come so that's what creates as there's this dopamine cycle that we get fed into we become addicted to soft addictions or whatever it might be and even hard ones follow that cycle the same thing for the word for the word of God that the more that our steps are ordered the more that we are enthused by it the more that we'll seek after it and the more that we'll find that our stimulation our excitement our motivation our inspiration and will be driven to find more of his will. You say, "Well, where do I start?" Well, just like you did with those games, button by button, step by step, and and and step into the word of God and engage. Direct all my actions, govern all my thoughts and all my affections in the way that your word prescribes them. Yes. Brother Brandman when he's preaching in Lima, Ohio, the India trip report, he says, "But I got better hopes of you, brethren, here this morning that you'll be men of God who stay with the word of God and let everything else fall right to left, but stay right with that word. Don't move." No matter if you're a doormat out there, be a good doormat. And he told us to be the best. Don't try to compete with someone else or do this. Just get right in the word. Hear this. Stay right there and God will positionally place you into his kingdom where you can be the best. Hallelujah. This is for us as individuals. Stay in the word of God. Don't compete with somebody else. Just get right in the word and stay right there. Then he can positionally place you within the promised land where your place is. And that's where you can be the best. Why aren't things improving? Why aren't things growing? Well, God's got a purpose and a reason, but let's be sure we're in the place where my better can become best. Sometimes I think we just want to run farther, hike longer, go higher, and do more. And you're out there trying to blaze a trail to keep up with the guy who's running all the way to the furthest most border to pitch his tent. And God's like, "Well, I was just going to give you the stuff right here." And you're out there chasing pies in the sky and dreams everywhere trying to find where you belong. God's like, "Well, I I don't know. I just thought maybe it might be easier. He just came right back at this is where you can be your best. No, I want to do this. I want to do that. Well, but this is where you can be your best. This is where I can bless you. He says he delights in his way. When following him step by step, that's where their satisfaction is. That's where that the wonders regained in Christ. It's a deliberate choice. When our way matches his way, it's that harmonizing of aims to where we're sub we're subject to his will. steps the steps of a good man. It's that course of life as ordered by God. And when you're following him that with those steps, then we know that any difficulty, any failure is not permanent because he's got a plan for us. And the sermon accepting God's provided way at the end time, he says, "In a church today is the same way." And I just love this language, this phrasing. I almost opened the service with it, but as we are closing here and and we we just have a a half a dozen more scriptures and about 24 other quotations to get to. Amen. But he says and accepting God's provided way at the end. And a church today is the same way. It's got to be a Bible constructed church. And I just love this. My experience is not to be the best member in the church, but an experience that's constructed by the word of God. Amen. Go ahead, take your pictures. It's a good quote. I know sometimes people are taking pictures of the quote, so here's your chance. This one's picture worthy. Come on, put this on Instagram, somebody. Not with me in it. There is Don't Please don't put on Instagram. There is so much beauty in this statement because I think that there's so much churchianity as brother Bram called it and things have become so church centric in our lives as message believers that we feel that what we need to be is the best member in the church and church just becomes a bunch of competitors trying to outdo the others so they can be the best member in the church. Man, I finally made it 30 minutes early. Oh, really? Those are rookie numbers. And we get here 45 minutes early and then somebody's over there going amateur. I was here an hour early. I'm like, "Honey, we need to be there an hour and 10." And there's still somebody over there going, "I drive two hours to get to church and I'm here 3 hours early." Right? Like just forget about it. That's But that's not what God's called us to be is the best member in the church. I Let's get it out of our minds to be the best member. That's not it at all. It has nothing to do with it. I know there might be some vernacular we might use sometime, oh, they're the best piano player. they're the best at this. And that's just a language you use to express maybe how much you love to hear this person play or they really really good at something. But when it comes down to it, he says, I I do not want to be the best member in the church, but you want to be the best. Where do you want to be be the best in your place in his kingdom? Because that's where you can be the best. So you want to be the best, but it's not to be the best church member. You want to be the best in your position. And why is that beautiful? Because there's nobody else who can be the best there. That place is for you alone. And there you can be the best. Put anybody else there and they can't be the best because that's yours. And the same goes for all of us. It's only in our place is where we can be the best. And if we're all trying to be the best church member, it's just going to be king of the hill. We'll knock you off one day. You'll get back up. Knock off the other person the other day. And it's always just going to be a big tug-of-war. Lay it down. No more tugofwarss. No more competition. No more comparison. I'm not trying to be the best church member. I just want to be the best in my place in his kingdom. Amen. I want to be the best. I want to do my best. I want to be found doing my best. Whatever it is in the house of God, let me serve my office the best that I can for him. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments, if you could just maybe concentrate now as we close. I was reading in the sermon a guide and I was drawn to it because the statement brother Brad made it about walking and he's you probably familiar with it where he's saying, "I can't even walk without you." And that really spoke to me in my I'm thinking, "Yeah, step by step. I don't even want to I don't even want to take a step without them." And and just and just, you know, I think maybe there's a spiritual type in all the counting steps on our wrists in our apps. What has it made us do? Just take steps. And then we found out that we can just bang on a piano and get stabs, right? So, we're just we're just at our desk going and and we we feel the ring and we're like, "Yeah, I'm getting so healthy. I burned 500 calories today bouncing a basketball, right? Because it it it's calculating its steps and you swing it too far and all a sudden the ambulance shows up. You had a heart attack, you got in an accident, a sudden stop or something. But there's this this we get so into counting steps to where we just think it's the steps that count. So we're just we're just into into taking steps, but you realize God's not counting steps. It's not the steps that count. It's the path. It's who's with you when you make it. I'm not I just don't want to get my my my steps in. But if he steps, I want to step. When he tells me to take a step, I'll be right there with you. I want to trust him to take the step. And I want to go step by step in his grace and in his word until I can see more of him in his program. So where my my better can become best to find my place where I can be the best. Not to be the best member in the church, but an experience that's constructed by the word of God. We could get signs put up on every single parking lot reserved for the best member in the church. Right? We've reserved the parking space that is the furthest away from the front door from the entrance for the pastor because I think that's appropriate. I was going to park in the horse barn across the street, but climbing that wall was just a little bit too tough. But it's got to be an experience. This phrasing is so beautiful. It's got to be an experience that's constructed by the word of God. Planned, laid out, built up. That beautiful bride. You've got your permit. It's all been paid for. All the materials are available. Start building. And he'll be there as your general guiding you every step of the way. And when you need a resource, he provides it. When you need to know just exactly how it fits, he gives you a revelation of the blueprints. And it's an experience constructed by the word of God. Brother Bram tells a story in a guide to how that he was out on his I think it was his honeymoon. Now I'm kind of wishing I would have uh drilled back a little bit further, but and he's got his wife down at the bottom of a hill on a snowy night. He's out hunting and he gets lost and he thinks he's going to die and his wife and baby are there. Maybe it's the anniversary trip and he's oh my, I've got this wife there and I've got this baby there and she's going to die. She won't be able to survive this night. and he's up there and so if you if you're familiar with the story, you could just nod your head and if I get enough nods, I'll just move those who don't know it behind. But he just starts putting up his hand. He's trying to get a spot where he could see the light and he know that if he could find a way and his hand hit a guide wire that he knew that ran down to the base of the hill. Just put his hands up. Oh God, help me. He found a wire and he followed it down to his waiting wife and baby and it saved his life. And he was using that as a inspiration for the sermon, a guide. And as he goes to pray at the end, he says, "Heavenly Father, I'm so thankful for the guide, the one who leads me. Oh, sometimes, Father, I can't hear him around me. I get scared. I want him close to me cuz I don't know what time I'm going to run up on the river where he's talking about getting off the road and all these things." He says, "I want him to be near me." And this prayer, this is what so struck me. Don't ever leave me, Lord. I can't talk. I can't preach. I can't hunt in the woods. I can't fish on the bank. I can't drive my car. There's nothing I can do without you. You're my guide. Don't leave me, Lord. I can't talk, preach, hunt, fish, drive. Nothing I can do without you. You are my guide. And I took from that. I can't even walk without you. How happy I am to say to this congregation tonight, I don't think I've been preaching that long, but how that you have guided me in all these things and how that you have brought me. Then he does some self-reflecting, just please bear with me as I continue. I was thinking the other day, no more than a few years ago, standing down here on the street and because that my family had done wrong and no one would talk to me. I was lonesome for fellowship. Nobody wanted anything to do with me. They said his daddy's a bootleggger and Lord saw no one would talk to me and I love people. But one day when I caught a hold of that line now I think Lord I have to slip off and get into the wilderness to get a little rest. What did it? Please catch this. Not personality, not education. I have none. But it was you Lord. You Lord. Could we take inventory and just look back? It was you Lord. All these things that I have are you from you, Lord. All this goodness. You know, sometimes we think, well, I just have a particular ability and I'm really good at this and I'm a rock star in this and I can I got can figure that out. Can't we just humble ourselves and say even in the most natural things that God blessed us with it? How can you figure it out? How do you have favor with these people? How is it that seems like whatever you think you can do, it just works for you? God did this. [Music] You let me zero the target. Now he starts talking about even being good at hunting and fishing. You let me catch the big fish because you know how I wanted to do it. You give me fathers and mothers. You give me brothers and sisters. You give me my health. You've give me a wife. You've given me family. Who is he crediting, not his pickup lines, right? Not the vision he could invite her into, but God. He said, "You're my guide, Lord. Let me hold your hand. Don't never never let me turn loose. If one hand gets weary, I'll change hands. Help me, Lord. Then he makes it so personal. And I wanted to lead up to this now. Many may each one in here take a hold of that same lifeline. Lord the Holy Spirit which is our life lifegiving resource and may it guide us all to that happy land yonder where the toils of life is over and our work on earth is done and then there'll be no more old age no feeble people no more weary nights no more crying and praying no more alter calls but will young there forever sickness and sorrow will be no more there'll be no more sin and we'll live in righteousness of God through all ages and that is to come through a ceaseless eternity grant it father what an image what a vision how am I going get there, brother. And I want to be there step by step. I want to I want to get there now. You got to find the line and just step by step. Follow it to the bottom. Follow it to the place this heavenly land yon. And now, father, this is where he makes it even more personal. If there's any in here tonight who's never had a hold of that lifeline, may they find it right now. There's any here today that have never gotten a hold of it, find it now. Find it now. Oh, and may the Holy Spirit who's guided and I can say from my heart with my hand on your word, he's always been right. I've been wrong. I'm wrong many times, but he's right. Let him stay with me, Lord. Let me stay with him. And may others in here who don't know him tonight, may they take a hold of his unchanging hand that they might be guided down. And he begins to recognize this time when we'll all be joined together. And someday we're coming out to the river. It's going to be foggy that morning, too. The old sea will be roaring. the old Jordan. The breakers dashing death choking the life out of us. But God, I won't be scared. I settled it long ago. I just want to take off the helmet as a warrior, turn around and look back down the path to see where that line has guided me to. See all the wilderness I've come through, every brier patch, every pile of stones that I got bruised on, beholden the wire. And you said, the poet said, "Some through waters and some through the flood, some through deep trials, but all through the blood." And I want to take this the old sword here that's protected me along the road and stick it back in its sheath. C scream out, "Father, send across the boat this morning. I'm coming in home. You'll be there, Lord. You promised it. You can't fail." He's praying now. And I pray this for you. Bless everyone that's here now. And if they don't know how to hold this line and never touched it, may holy hands raise up now. Wanting hands, desiring hands, and touch the lifeline that'll lead them to their heart's desire. Perfect peace and satisfaction. Rest in Christ. Could we bow our heads? Which hands are yours? Holy hands, wanting hands, desiring hands.
