################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-03-01 - Judgment and Rewards Part Seven (Character Development) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-03-01
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Seven (Character Development)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjSbzsY026o
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Seven 
Character Development
Wednesday Service: March 1, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
On Sunday, we we're looking at the subject of crowns. And just to use some summary language so that we can uh kind of refresh that a little bit so we can be mindful of what those things were referring to. We know that there will be a day when crowns are handed out as a reward for good service, as a word for faithfulness. And these crowns are eternal rewards. It's how brother Brandham describes them. And we see even a scriptural term prize that is used. It's given as a prize to the believer who labors for Christ and labors correctly, labors lawfully. And a crown represents a reward. And in the scripture, we saw five different descriptions of crowns. Or some may say that it's five different ways of describing the same crown. But we could see it's something that's handed to the believer at the judgment seat of Christ as a time of examining works and attitude and behavior. And there's an incorruptible crown. There's a crown of life. There's the crown of righteousness, crown of rejoicing, and a crown of glory. We just saw all those different crowns referred to in the in the New Testament. And as brother Brandham used the phrase rewards available to the believer, I believe these crowns are part of those eternal rewards that are available for the believer to lay up and to store as the Bible says, lay up treasures in heaven. These crowns can be laid up by the believer's good attitude and good works. And it is at that bema or the judgment seat of Christ uh that we're we've been focusing on that day of reckoning. It's when we will see receive a new reward of honor and praise and glory and for a job well done and a recognition for faithful service. And we've been seeing a lot of these different uh principles in scripture. And if I could put it this way, maybe my what I'd want you to take away from these things is that God has given us things by his grace. And we want to use the gifts that God has given us by his grace uh to honor God. And in doing so, we're laying up treasures in heaven. If he gives us something and we just let it stay and we don't use it, we don't exercise the things that he's given us, then not only we not manifesting Christ here, we're missing out on an eternal benefit that we would otherwise get by representing Christ and reflecting Christ. And so it's by the exercise of his grace uh that we can live a life by the word and in living life by the word be rewarded for it. And so when we find that he gives us the power to do it and he's in us both the will and to do of his good pleasure and then we just yield to that power and we do it uh we're even more blessed to know that he wants to reward us for that when it's been him all along. And that's kind of the image of us even uh crowning him again knowing that it was always you Christ. This is this is your glory and this is your honor. And so those are just some of the principles we touched on Sunday on crowns. And so think of it the uh reward for service, being given a gift, being faithful with that gift. It speaks of faithfulness and stewardship. And we were using Luke chapter 19 um in that. We'll kind of start right there at this point, but tonight on the process, I'm going to be looking at the process of character development. I know that's maybe um a large phrase that would refer to a lot of different things. And it's in focusing on it in a way that if we recognize the process that we're in, then we can yield to that process and and not putting it selfishly or that we would get greedy, but uh if we recognize it and yield to it, there's a way that we can maximize our rewards by yielding to the process that God wants us to have uh wants us to be engaged in. And and these are maybe some things you could recognize as principles. As part of that, we're going to look at the role of suffering in our lives a and correction, how God corrects us and even the principle that we're being judged right now. There's a judgment being taken taken place now. So when we ended on in Sunday in Luke chapter 19, we saw Christ given the parable of a noble man uh who was who granted uh talents or pounds to his servants and had distributed talents to his uh pounds to his servants. And the servants then either used them or didn't use them to a certain limit or to a certain extent. And so the nobleman granted uh to those faithful servants who had by trading increased or made gain by those pounds, he granted to them rule over cities. So kind of catch that point that he granted to them rule over cities. And in Luke chapter 19:1 17 he said unto him, well thou good servant because thou hast been faithful in a very little have thou authority over 10 cities. So we recognize that he was faithful over just a little bit but having demonstrated faithfulness over what he had received. Now there's an expansion once the nobleman returns having set up a new kingdom. He's going to expand the stewardship not just over the finances, not just over 10 pounds or five pounds or even one pound, but he's going to make him a ruler over cities. And I think there's a there's a direct application for us to recognize in that as we read from Matthew chap 21 25. His lord said unto him, well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of thy lord. So recognize again this faithfulness and because they were faithful with what God had committed to them, there was an expansion of this stewardship after this time of examining and judgment. And and I don't believe I'm hiding this principle at all from you, but I do believe that as the bride, we will rule and reign with him in the millennium. And there'll be stewardships given out. And you as a believer will have a role of binding sin and ruling and reigning in the millennium. and Satan having no one to work through because of your your character and your leadership. And I believe that there is an important part that this plays, this process of character development plays in terms of what our stewardship is going to be like, not only in the millennium, but those eternal rewards and that praise and that glory and that honor that we'll carry with us through all eternity. And so Luke 16:es 10 to 12, it says, "He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much. And he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much. If therefore you have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches? So there's the principle being elicited again. We referred to it in Luke 19, Matthew 25. If you're faithful in little, it demonstrates a character to be able to be faithful in much. He says, "But if you're unfaithful in just a little bit, if you're unjust in a little bit, don't think that just because we give you more or I give you more that that's going to trigger faithfulness, it's going to trigger a stewardship and a fidelity." It's saying, "No, you can tell by how a man handles his responsibilities with a little what he'll do with a lot." That's why sometimes we think that all we need is a more money to solve our problems. uh but we only make more problems with more money because it's not so much the lack of money, it's the lack of wisdom and discipline and financial uh uh uh restraint in those things. So now verse 11, this is to me just a a mouthful because there's so much that's meant in this. If you've not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, now there's a lot of ways that maybe we could try to divide that and place that. But what Christ is looking at is if you can't be faithful with the natural affairs of life and the things that you're blessed with in this life, if you can't be faithful even temporal things in this life, who will commit to your trust the true riches? If if there's things that we receive now and we have stewardship over now and we can't be faithful in it, then who's going to trust you with things that are permanent and things that have no end? He says, "And if you're not," if he says in verse 12, "and if you have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?" Now, there's a there's an image here that would that would refer to some things that maybe we'll get in later that if I give you responsibility over something that I own and therefore you're a steward, uh you're you're governing in thestead of somebody else. And so these are my and I give them to you to exercise and to have and to use and you're using it on my authority. So there's been something conveyed to you. You're in thatstead. You're in that you have that post of duty, that fiduciary duty. And if you haven't been faithful over that which is somebody else's saying, then why would I give you something for yourself that you would own your have of yourself and that you would would be your very own? Because if you can't rule over what someone else's property, then how are you going to treat your own? I know that's backwards thinking for a lot of us who are like, "Hey, it's just a rental. We can go off-roading a and it's not mine. I'm gambling with somebody else's chips. We're a little bit more reckless and we kind of play fast and loose if we don't have any skin in the game." But actually, character is the opposite. In other words, that if somebody's trusted you with something that you ought to care for that in the same way that you would your own, if not more. Because Jesus is saying, if you can't be a steward over somebody else's gifts and properties and fulfill the role and responsibility that someone has given you to finish their work, then how can we give you something that is your very own? If you can't handle authority, how are you ever going to handle power? Right? If you can't, if you don't know how to exercise authority properly, if you don't know how to live humbly and use certain things the correct way, then why would I ever empower you and give you more power or allow you to even rule in mystead completely if you didn't know how to be an ambassador of me and handle affairs correctly? Can you can answer individually to this? Uh is that you kind of catching what Jesus is saying there? And so when Jesus is saying that uh you've done well faithful servant and now I'm going to reward you with authority over 10 cities. You've been faithful over a few things. I'm going to make you rule over many things. If I could put it this way, the rewards were proportional to the character uh that had been developed and demonstrated that there was something that they had there was some trust that was given to them and there there was something that came to the surface and was demonstrated in their faithfulness over what they had given enough to where this ruler can now say you have there's been the right kind of character developed within you and demonstrated so that I can trust you with more. And for us also, God has a process uh to develop Christlike character in us. And that as we go through that process and we display and manifest Christlike character, there's a reward for those who endure the process and manifest his character. And as we step forward into these verses and some of these scriptures here, the I want you to think as we go through these familiar scriptures and these very familiar principles. And as we do it, consider uh the subject that we've been on, how there's a promise of a reward at the end because these is what I'm talking about is perfection. Uh your suffering, you have to suffer to have your character perfected uh and being fit to rules. These are principles that I know all of you know very very well. They've been taught been ministered on very effectively. These are principles I think that are very clear in the message of the hour. And so these are things that we know and understand, but I'm wanting you to think about them in light of the things that we've been preaching on because I think it helps you understand better what it is that God what the whole process is for. Because I know there's times said, "I've been suffering. I'm suffering. I've been suffering. I've been suffering. And I'm I'm looking for the payout. I'm looking for the reward." And and there's rewards we receive in this life. And he even said a hundfold in this life and in the life to come. But there's things that also are going to manifest on that day when all things are brought to light and works are tried as if by fire. And so there's a payoff coming for sure. Even if you don't feel that you have it in this life, if you can understand the process, you know it's all going to be worth it. So really consider these scriptures deeply as we refer to very familiar things. But now start thinking about what application it could have on that day of reckoning when my life is going to be examined to determine the extent of my reward. and Romans chapter 8:1 17. These are um very broad principles that we're bringing out of the scripture here, but he's talking about the believer, those that are filled the Holy Ghost, and of children, then heirs. And I I love this principle of being an heir because it speaks of relationship and some sort of promise that you would inherit something by virtue of that relationship and by covenant and by will or testament. And of children, then heirs, heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ. So, we stand in this place to receive jointly with Christ what he receives. But then Paul kind of throws in there a little bit of qualifying language as if if this was a a contract or if this was a covenant in a person's will or testament, then this would have some weight. You know, maybe to the the executive would have to weigh this and say, "Well, they're a joint heir and they stand to receive an inheritance because they're an heir of God." But it says, "If so be that we suffer with him." And so it kind of throws in this clause that really we're not going to inherit or receive this unless we suffer. So if you're an heir of God and a joint heir with Christ, God has some sort of requirements that he places on how you receive that inheritance fully. In other words, we will gain the full inheritance if we suffer. And then it says that we may also, so we have to suffer that we may also be glorified together. And so that glory that we're to receive is reflective of the suffering that we endure. This is kind of this is forwardlooking that we're joint hes and we stand to receive everything in Christ at some time and at some moment especially as we look that this life isn't the totality of it. I know there's a lot to be said about the gifts that he's given men and the way that he manifests himself and the power over sin, the world, the flesh, the devil. And these are all things that manifest themselves in this life, but this is short period of time, right? This is just a little hickey that drops down. This is a this is a we're not living this life for this life. We're living for the life to come. And so, there's so much that pertains to that eternal glory. And so, we have to suffer in order to be glorified together with Christ. And so we know that God has ordained suffering to bring us to completion. So he's he's ordained the use of suffering. I know it would be awesome if he was ordaining the use of rest or vacation. Uh he was you using the the sleep. Wouldn't it be awesome if he was using sleep uh uh you know to to perfect us? And it seems that anymore any ailment or problem that you read about today say, "Well, I have this problem. I have this ache. I have this. I have this." that the number one thing is you be sure you're getting enough sleep, right? And so in the natural that's so, but with God, he doesn't use the suff he uses suffering as the means of perfecting or completing us. And when we think of perfection or completion, I know there's maybe a lot that we we start to think, well, I just need to be sinless like Christ, but I think it's important for us to think that I want to be pleasing to God as Christ was pleasing to God. And then also in terms of completion and filling up something, think of potential as it would relate to what John said that we receive a full reward. That if I can get a hundfold, that's what I want. I want a hundfold. And Paul touches on this to the Corinthians. 2 Corinthians chapter 4:1 17. For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. Now, how is it this is so? Well, Paul is recognizing that what we endure here, and I believe that his qualifying language is just to kind of get our attention. Hey, no matter what you GO THROUGH HERE, LIGHT light affliction, it's just for a moment, but whatever we endure here as a believer, as Peter puts it, that we suffer, and I think this is an important principle that we probably could have uh spent some time on, that we suffer according to the will of God. uh we don't want to suffer fighting the will of God and suffer because we're not in his will and then claim that that somehow I'm just trying to hasten my perfecting. No, you're you're making it harder on yourself and you're delaying your completion. You're delaying your reward. You're delaying your perfection. But if we suffer according to the will of God, he calls it light affliction which is temporary but for a moment. But this affliction is working for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. Uh notice how that it's suggesting that if you if you're suffering to a certain measure, it's it's it's producing a certain weight. So that we suffer here, but there's a byproduct or there's something that comes out of that and it's a a far more exceeding great weight of glory. So I I'd like to use use the the language that it's somewhat our suffering is proportional or has a direct impact on the increase of the glory, the praise and the honor that we're going to share. Brother Van touches on that when he says now if God is going to give a reward to somebody who you gives a glass of water, how much greater is that reward and praise going to be for those who gave their lives? Amen. Right? So that that helps us to understand that there's some sort of spectrum of honor. there's some sort of spectrum of glory in praise that's going to be given to those who labor for him. And so here he says that there's the suffering that we're going through is working out a more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. As we could have read in Romans 8:18, the scripture tells us that our pray present sufferings can't compare to the glory that is we're going to our future glory. Uh Romans 8:18, think about that. that the suffering of this present time is not worthy to be compared to the future glory that you're going to receive. This future praise and the future honor that you're going to receive. So there's a there's a suffering that we have to have in order to be we're joint hes and there's a suffering that's going to determine the extent of our glory. And as it we we're reading in Luke chapter 19, in Matthew chapter 25, as the nobleman was extending stewardship to those who demonstrated faithfulness, he says,"I'll give you rule over these cities." In 2 Timothy chapter 2:12, it has this application to us because Timothy says, "If we suffer, we shall also reign with him." And so one of the prerequisites to being able to rule properly in order to reign with him and to exercise further dominion and there's a there's a direct application to this life as you demonstrate faithfulness in this life, God will expand your stewardship. But there's also this reflection in this eternal life that if we suffer, we shall reign with him. That there's a place that we can hold in Christ that's proportional to the suffering that we had. And the church age book, Brother Bam writes this in the Smyrnian age. He says, "Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him." You have to suffer to reign. And as I'm already pointed out, these are very familiar principles, but now we're thinking about it in terms of the promise of a reward at the end for this suffering. Not so much the character that's expressed in this life, but the reward for that character. Says the reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. So he's not going to give us character as a reward. He's going to put us through something. We're going to earn that and win that character and then God's going to reward that character. A man without character cannot reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. So if we have character which is fit to rule, that's what God can empower. character that's fit to rule is not even necessarily being tested or tried with authority, but is actually being granted explicit power to use fully. Why? Because it can be trusted. And since he wants to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. [snorts] And the little temporary sufferings we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Now that phrase is it's pulling from 2 Corinthians 4. It's pulling from Romans 8:18. This light affliction, this suffering is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that's going to be revealed in us. And when he says when he comes, I believe that we can look at that in light of this moment when everything's going to be brought to light and our works going to be tried as if it is by fire. And that that's when we're going to have praise of God. That's when we're going to have uh a uh you know accommodation and saying, "Oh, way to go and you've done well and and you deserve this because notice his next phrase. All what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation." So now there's a direct connection to this suffering and this glory which is going to be revealed and the treasures that are laid up for us. He's using this language explicitly in the church age book. Oh, there's treasures that we ought to lay up and we ought to be laboring for these treasures and we should be earning these eternal rewards of God and spending more time on earning these eternal rewards that are available to the believer. Oh, how we ought to lay up treasures in heaven that are available to the faithful saints. And he's saying that if we suffer in this life, it's not worthy to compare to the glory that's going to be revealed when he comes. And he's he refers to the treasures that are laid up for those who are willing to endure tribulation. So he's making a direct connection then to the the process of character development here because as we suffer, there are certain things that are being brought out of us and how there's going to be a reward at the end. In 1 Peter chapter 1:es 6 and 7, wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations, through uh many different uh trials and afflictions and many different uh testings and scourgings. He says right now you might be for a season heavy through all these temptations and these trials that you're going through. Says that the trial of your faith being much more precious than than of gold that perisheth. And and what what is it we can learn from this? That our faith is more precious than gold. It being a gift of God. And so that faith is more precious than gold. And the trial of it is more precious than gold. He says that the fiery So he says that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth though it be tried with fire might be found under praise and honor and glory when at the appearing of Jesus Christ. And so it's the same scene. We can look at this in the same scene that though I may be enduring things now and I'm suffering now through many temp uh temptations and I'm going through this testing the trial of my faith the testing of my faith the pushing against my faith the fact that I'm having to use my faith to press against things he says that's much more precious than gold that perisheth though it may be tried with fire but it's going to be found UNTO PRAISE HONOR AND GLORY WHAT IS YOUR faith is going to be found is going to be honored IS GOING TO BE PRAISED and it's going to receive glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ has its perfect fulfillment in that day when we meet him in the air and we see him in all his glory and we're GOING TO BE EXAMINED BY THAT GLORY AND JUDGED BY THAT GLORY THAT WHATEVER can match and whatever is commiserate with his GLORY THERE'S A REWARD FOR THAT. SO WE WANT TO ENDURE and to suffer and GO THROUGH THE TRIAL BECAUSE ONE DAY HE'S going to see his glory in us and there's going to be honor going to be praise and glory given to it. How did brother Ram describe it? The gold of God is Christlike character produced in the fiery furnace of affliction. Amen. That's the gold of God. The gold of God that he wants to see that we want to present to him on that day is a Christlike character that's produced in the fiery furnace of affliction. Now, this might be a good time to say this. I think it might uh it might be good to go on maybe a 67-p part series on this. But sometimes we think suffering just means, you know, getting whipped with lashes, you know, having uh being beat or cussed at or, you know, we think suffering maybe has this direct application to physical pain. But you can suffer just by doing what you know is the right thing against your own carnal attitude or your will to do it. Right? when you when you hear the word say, "Hey, instead of inviting the cool kids over for lunch, why do you invite the other people over for lunch?" Like, I don't really want to hang out with the other people, right? But you know it's the right thing to do. There's suffering in that. So suffering and affliction sometimes I mean is we I think we think about being scourged or being burned at the stake, but there's a lot of suffering that we can do daily for Christ that can be summed up as subjecting our will to his. Paul called it, I bring my body under subjection. That's a suffering. That's a beating. He even called it that. I buffet it. I I restrain it. I cause it to suffer and and I and I bring it subject to the will of God. So keep that in mind lest we kind of miss the the the real the real meat of this application tonight. So now in 1 Peter chapter 4, as he revisits this subject again, verses 12 and 13, he says, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you." So if there's a trial, if there's a suffering, if there's a testing, we shouldn't be like, "Oh my goodness, what's happening? Why is this taking place?" HE SAYS, "DON'T think it's strange that there's a fiery trial trying you and trying your faith." He says, "But rejoice. And why should we rejoice in the face of temptation and trial and affliction in so much as you're partakers of Christ's SUFFERINGS THAT HE SUFFERED LIKEWISE, just as you are suffering, and were partakers together with it." And he says THAT WHEN HIS GLORY SHALL BE REVEALED, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy. Now why is it that Paul Peter is expressing it this way? That when you suffer, take it gladly. Be happy when you suffer. Don't be shocked or surprised, but realize that you are suffering just as Christ suffered. So that when his glory is revealed, when there's going to be this meeting in the air, when we are going to be judged in the light of his glory, you will find yourself not ashamed and glad with exceeding joy because you can demonstrate and show this gold, the Christlike character of Christ, which is then going to be rewarded. And that's why you would be glad with exceeding glory joy. What he's referring to here is not merely the joy at seeing him revealed, but the lack of shame at that time of revealing that I have fought a good fight. I finished my course. I suffered well. I I've demonstrated faithfulness and fiduciary uh duties. And I and I've done what I ought to have done. And you know that it's going to be to honor, glory, and praise. Can you see that? Just a just another uh light on these scriptures to see this application at this time of judging. Now, in John chapter 15, verse 16, and I I don't think that we're making a hard right here, but I think we're just taking a little bit of a turn and just not just sure wasn't sure just how to approach it except just to kind of uh you know, jerk the steering wheel and make the turn at 80 miles an hour. Uh it's it's rated for 80, so we're fine. But so keep that in mind how this suffering and I hope you're able to just kind of see these building blocks. If you've been taking notes, maybe you have a way just to kind of go back and track over it again. But there's a there's a crown to be given. There's rewards to be won. There's this image in scripture that those who are faithful in this life are going to receive ruler authority and rule or power and rule in the future and future rewards are going to be given out. And it's going to be given out based upon your character, your measure of character. And so there's suffering that we to undergo in order to produce the character. And then the Bible is telling us that not only do we have character that's demonstrated here as a result of our suffering that God rewards demonstrated character, right? There's going to be this beam at this judgment seat of Christ when God rewards us for our faithful service. And there that's when there's going to be exceeding joy and there's going to be uh praise and honor and glory. A and we're going to reign with him because we suffered with him. So we see those points. I trust. Now in John chapter 15:16 says, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." His election and predestination are so important to never lose sight of that lest we would ever brag or boast about anything, we'd realize it's him that has chosen us. And not only has he elected us to be born again, but he's also predestinated us to a particular destiny and then made available to us many different glories pertaining to that. And so it's all by his grace. You have not chosen me, but I've chosen you and ordained you. So there's an ordination in our life and with an ordination there's a responsibility there's a calling there there is a responsibility that we have to measure up to and this is it that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain. I believe that this is a good scripture to keep in mind of those who build with wood hay and stubble and if it's tried as if by fire wood and stubble does not remain but this gold is silver and the precious metals these precious jewels are the ones that will be tested by fire and remain. That's the fruit that remains that whatsoever you shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you. So it is God's will and I I love to think of it this way that that what we're that God is wanting to bless you. God wants to give it just even when it comes to the Holy Ghost, he wants to give it to you more than you want it. So God is not like our insurance companies that let us pay them thousands of dollars a year so that we can have insurance and then whenever we need to get coverage, they're like, "Yeah, sorry. It's not covered on Saturdays. You know, you should have read the fine print. Oh, you bought you bought car insurance, but you're driving a truck. You're like, "Wait a minute." Right? So, there's that's how the that's how we feel that we deal with the world. It says, "Hey, man, we get we get the sweep stakes in the mail and it says you've won a million dollars and we sit our family down like you're not going to believe it. We just want a brand new house. We want a sweep stakes." And then there's all this kind of fine print, right? And and there's all these things and basically at the end of the day, you're not getting anything. BUT GOD'S NOT LIKE THAT. God isn't dangling a carrot. God isn't promising you glory. God isn't promising rewards and then he's kind of hoping that you haven't figured it out how to do it. No, he's given you every resource and tool available saying I want to bless you. In other words, I've ordained for you to hundfold. There's this there up to let's just say if there was a percentage that I've got all this I want to give you and I want you to get 100% of it. So it's God's will for us to be fruitful, to grow in grace and character so that we can be fit to rule. And he wants us to do that. And so Jesus had said already in verse two of the same chapter, every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. So think of this beautiful image. He's chosen us and ordained us to be fruitful and that our fruit would remain. So there's this healthy production of fruit and this fruit remains. And he says, "Every branch that beareth not fruit, he takes away. And every branch that beareth fruit, notice, he purgth it that it may bring forth more fruit. Amen. So if you are a fruitful branch, God likes to work with you a little bit more. He likes to he likes to purge. He likes to prune. He likes to do certain things to kind of shock it and and and to and to see that it produces more fruit and that it it brings forth. And someone who's an arborist and knows how to deal with certain fruit trees, there's things you have to do sometime to provoke the life, to get it to come out. There's things that you must be doing to certain trees to see that they're growing. And Christ is using this image that if you are fruitful, THAT MEANS YOU'VE GOT THE POTENTIAL. YOU'VE GOT THE LIFE INSIDE of you. It's in you to bring forth fruit. And maybe you're bringing forth some fruit, but he says, "I've got to purge it and prune it a little bit so it CAN BRING FORTH MORE FRUIT." So God purges and prunes and he digs and he dungs and other scriptures. You can see he works with the tree so it brings forth fruit. And he does this because he desires to see a harvest of his character in you, right? He's he listen, he just doesn't give you the Holy Ghost. He says, "Now I'm just going to go over and I'm just going to watch. I'm just going to see how it turns out. I'm just going to see how you do." He's involved. He's active in the process. He's available whenever you want to ask him for his help. He's there to speak to you and give you wisdom and to help you in all many different ways. And as we grow and mature, there's times where we really really want him just to do something. He's like, "No, I brought you this far. You know what to do. you just need to do it. But God is always there with us. He wants us to succeed. He wants to see this harvest of the character of Christ inside of us. Brother Bam said, "God's will for us is perfection." And that perfection is patience, waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process of character development. So, what I'm wanting to kind of tie in at this point is how that we we are in this process of character development. And I I know I'm just using I I I'm reluctant to use phrases and paradigms that we get very rigid with that structure and and this that's all we ever can call it now is the process of character development. No, it's just a framework to try to understand God and how he deals with us. And I think using this as brother Brand calls it the process of character development is bringing forth bringing us to completion or perfection. And so under this process, we're our character, we suffer and it produces character. And and I want us to think how at the end there's a glory that's going to come for that. There's a glory that comes for that. But now as we look at how God wants us to be fruitful and bring forth Christlike character that this suffering also has the component of correction with it. This purging that God purges and uh that every tree that is fruitful and that's God's will for us. And this process of character development requires correction. And a lot more time could be spent on this than just what we're given it on a Wednesday night. But I think there's a lot that we understand already. So we can just plug this into our understanding already. Says in Revelations 3:19, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen be zealous therefore and repent." Amen. And even on this subject, if I could say this on this subject of suffering for perfection and suffering that our character would be made perfect. And our character is a g is is not a gift. It's a victory. And I know that you might be saying that has got to be the 1,767th time that I've heard that read in a message church. And you know, that's great. You're keeping track. That's amazing. Those are pretty good data skills, right? But you know, there's people sitting here tonight, young people, that it's maybe never registered. And and there there's a time and a season when these things h they click and they make sense. And I don't know how many times it's happened in your life and how many times it happens to other ministers. Uh but there's things that will be preached and it's not going to and you preached to you and preached to and preached to you and then it's preached one more time by somebody else from a different angle and you're like, I wish I would have heard that years ago, right? And it's as if you'd never heard it before. And you know, there shouldn't be any there's no offense in that. Nobody should take that take, you know, feel like, oh, no, NO, NO, NO. I PREACHED THAT BEFORE. I PREACHED THAT BEFORE. NO, NO, you didn't. You didn't. It was different that time, right? Because it met the need in the moment that they were in. So, I know that these are things that were as mature believers, we know very, very well. I'm wanting just to put a light on it in the perspective of these rewards that are coming. And I think that's helpful because it puts more perspective to these uh to these things that we go through. But on this process of character development, correction, Revelations 3:19, and as many as I love, remember I have chosen you, you haven't chosen me. That choosing is an act of love. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Now, it's important to bring this in now because we spent a lot of time talking about there is no condemnation. That there is going to be a judgment of our works, but in it, no condemnation, no threat of punishment, no threat of suffering. Right? Not in the traditional sense that we think the the even the idea of loss is not the same as someone who's cast into the lake of fire or finds that things are being stripped away from them and they're being cast uh into hell. This is a complete uh the judgment for rewards is completely different. But there remains a judgment for us now and this is it. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous therefore and repent. The judgment seat of Christ is not an opportunity to repent. You're producing your final product. You're getting a final grade. There's no redoss. This is it. Only one life. And soon it had passed. And now you stand before the judgment seat of Christ. And only what's done for him will last. And this is the moment, the day of reckoning. This is the time when crowns are going to be given out. And you can't say, "Oh, oh, can I have a just a few more minutes? Can I can I go back and I just want to go find my neighbor and testify real quick? And I I I just want to catch up on my tithing. Can I can I just make a Vinmo real quick? I can do this real fast. What'd you do with my cell phone? Right? Uh there's it's not there's no catchup at that point. This is it. This is the moment. So then he says he has us here in this life. If he loves you, he rebukes you and chastens you. And therefore, if we are rebuked and chasened that we ought to be zealous, the zeal of this age and what we ought to do is repent. And we know what repentance is, right? Repentance isn't, "Oh, I'm sorry. I hope it doesn't happen again type thing, right? Repentance is a change direction. So rebuke, I rebuke and chase and chasen means punishment refers to punishment inflicted by God for the purpose of how many want to guess pain like just pain for the purpose of pain. Punishment for the purpose of of punishment. God's punishment is not punitive for the elect. There is a punishment which is punitive. Right? The wicked, they have their reward. And what does the Bible tell us? They're never going to change. So when they receive their reward, it is punitive. It is retribution. It's punishment. But for the believer, it is punishment for the purpose of education. Punishment for the purpose of instruction and training. So when God punishes us, it's corrective GUIDANCE. WHEN GOD CORRECTS US and punishes us, it's corrective discipline. In other words, God just doesn't punish us, but he deals with us in such a way to say, "You shouldn't have done it that way. You need to do it this way." Right? God knows how to encourage us in the right matters, discourage us in others. And we from this, we can learn a lesson how to raise our families and and and run the church is there's a right way to encourage discipline and recur encourage obedience, encourage the right kind of character. And God has a way of doing it. There has to be a punishment. But then with THE PUNISHMENT, IT'S CORRECTIVE in the sense that IT TELLS YOU HOW TO DO IT RIGHT. I know it can be extremely frustrating when there's punishment for doing something wrong, but you don't know what you did wrong. And then when you're told what you did wrong, you're like, "Well, then how could I do it right?" Well, I don't know. I just know you didn't do it right. You're like, "Well, that's not very nice because I'm I'll probably end up doing it again wrong." And they're like, "Yeah, and I'll get to punish you again." Right? Some people enjoy that. But it means to reprove or convict. And the punishment, this reproval for education, instruction, and training is to bring repentance. In other words, a change of behavior. So this is probably really good for us as parents and those who maybe correct others and leading others that our when we deal with something even by way of punishment, what we want to see is changed behavior. Otherwise, we might need to evaluate our process because the goal isn't just to punish the activity is to change behavior a and to instill the right kind of thought process and wisdom to measure things and know what's right and wrong. So, this chastisement, as many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. This chastisement is not condemnation. It's not judgment for the purpose of pain or for the purpose of of punishment, for the purpose of retribution, but it's judgment for the purpose of correcting our behavior. And if it corrects our behavior, what does it do? It prevents a loss of reward. Prevents loss of blessing here, right? Prevents loss. It prevents suffering. It prevents scars. It prevents wounding. And so God corrects us to prevent loss. God corrects us to change behavior. And by changing our behavior, we preserve rewards in the future. And so our judgment something, one thing to remember is we'll maybe be concluding this series soon. Our judgment, this correction is taking place now. Judging ourselves now by the word of God. We're chastised. We're corrected. And as we're chasted and corrected, we're learning obedience. Brother Benham wrote this in chapter nine of the church age book. To rebuke is to reprove. Notice how he defines this. So important. To reprove is to expose with the view to correction. If you rebuke somebody and all you do is expose them, you have not properly rebuked them. To re it's to repu reprove with a view to correction. I just don't want to laugh at you. You did that wrong. But I want to expose something so I can correct the way that you're doing it. Not to shame somebody, make them feel guilty, but hey, wait a minute. You're doing that wrong. You shouldn't do it this way. This is the proper way to do that. This is consequence for doing it that way. But this is the right way to do it. To reprove is to expose with the view to correction. Chasen does not mean to punishment. Punish. It means to discipline because the subject's amendment is in mind. Oh, that's so beautiful. Then he says, I rebuke and chasen. He wants to correct. And when he chasens it, he disciplines you because your amendment, your improvement, your betterment is in mind. What does it mean? God wants improvement. God wants growth. And if he sees it, he rewards it. And as we learn obedience, we become more faithful. We become more fruitful as the scriptur is referring to. And the more fruitful we are, the more rewards we earn. Is that not the principle we're seeing? God is going to reward this. In Hebrews 12:es 5-11, we're making really really good time tonight. Appreciate your attentiveness. In Hebrews 12:es 5-11, I know it's very very simple, very straightforward. Says, "And you have," and we'll just read through this. I think it's um the principle that we need to catch here. I think we can just glean just by reading through it. And you have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children. My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. So what is the rebuke? Expose with the view of correction. So if he exposes it, he wants you to correct it. It's if he chasens, it's discipline because he wants your amendment or improvement. He wants you to do better. So why would we despise it? Maybe maybe our relationship to task masters and and bosses and parents and pastors in our lives have soured our taste for correction because it wasn't done the right way. But God, when he corrects you, he just wants you to improve, for your own good. Not even FOR HIS. HE WANTS IT FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. My son, despise not thou the chastening, nor faint when you are rebuked. Verse six, for whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth and scourgeth, every son whom he receiveth. So there's the idea that this is a son who needs to be chastened, who needs to be scourged. And he says, if you endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. Think of the principle then now that he's wanting us to apply of how a father would treat his son and what the ultimate goal is in training his son and raising him and rearing him. What he ultimately would want that son to be he'd want him to stand in his ownstead. He would want him to be as a son. The Hebrew word is a bearer a builder of the family name. So the father has a responsibility to build the family name so that when the son's time comes, he is bearing that name properly and can do it not with just authority but full power as being the namesake as being the leader and the and the father of even the family as it continues. So that's the image that God wants you to recognize. If he chasens you, he's dealing with you as sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? But if you be without chastisement where whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards and not sons? What a what a blunt statement, right? Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us. And we gave them reverence. Amen. Right. Right. Children, when your father corrects you, you give reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? For they verily for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure. I know that sounds a little sorted, but it doesn't mean we enjoy it. But we do it in what we believe is right for you, of our own wisdom. But he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. Now what is he referring to again? Think about what was said in Peter. What was said by Paul? What are they referring to? This chastening that we might be partakers of his holiness. It doesn't merely mean a greater holiness in this life. But it also speaks of something later because he says now no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous but grievous. Nevertheless, afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. And there's a clear application of this principle not just to this life. If we endure suffering and we take patiently, we endure his correction that we're a further partaker of holiness. And as we endure the chastening of the Lord, in the moment it doesn't seem great. It doesn't seem joyous. But once we've endured it and we've corrected and we've uh and we've demonstrated that we've learned our lesson, then it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which the correction was exercised then. Not only does it happen in this life, but to be exercised thereby it means the chastise and the correction will yield a benefit and a reward for you even at the judgment seat of Christ. I think that image I want you to see that image even in this verse that if God deals with you as a son and he chasens you there's a direct benefit in this life but whatever benefit there is in this life there's a reward in the next life. And let me say this to kind of turn the corner now so we could head towards home. Our conduct in this life is either fitting for reward or for correction. I I think that's a good way of thinking about it that if I do something in this life that I don't necessarily need to think, oh great, I'm going to get it and like you're going to be judged and cut off. It was something I realized in my life that I battled even as a as an adult uh later on in life that there was always this sense that God was just going to cut me off at one point. And it was because I had the wrong idea of love. I had the wrong idea of God's election and and that I could just rest in his love knowing that if I do something wrong, I can expect to be corrected, but I didn't have to be worried about being cut off and not being a son. [snorts] And so our conduct, our behavior, attitude, the things we say and do, and all that would encompass our lives, we're either living a life that demonstrates a faithfulness and it's worthy of reward or we're living in such a way that it's fitting for correction. So our lives in our lives God will either correct us now or reward us later. I that's when I would want to take it, right? I don't want to know that there's correction later on down the road. I don't want to know think that there's chasing and rebuke on the day of judgment because if I got this kind of notice that said, "Hey, just so you know, there's going to be punishment on the day with the day when you're judged." Then I would say, "Well, then I got to be standing in the wrong judgment. I I I can't be facing punishment um if I stand before him as an elect at that meeting in the air. And so in this life, you'll either receive correction or you'll receive blessing and honor. Let me touch on this very quickly. Paul said, "All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient." Paul is saying that he recognized that it's within his power to do many things, whether it be his right or opportunity, but even in the sense that it might be lawful. He's saying that I may be permitted to do it, but it's not profitable for our purpose. I may be peri per permitted to do it, but is it fruitful? This may be something I can do, but I haven't just been ordained to bring forth fruit. But it's his desire that my fruit would remain and that if I'm bringing forth fruit, God desires to purge me that I might bring forth more fruit. So, I can't just be simply satisfied with saying, well, I have fruit. There's got to be some sort of edge and hunger IN MY HEART TO DO MORE, to reach for more, to press for more. That was the attitude that Paul had. I don't count myself as apprehended. He wanted to press. He wanted to go forward. So he had this idea, though all things are lawful for me, not all things are expedient. And he's not referring to expediency in terms of having his soul saved or sealed, but rather he's referring to the expediency that would relate to fulfilling God's will and the full reward that was available for him. You say, "Well, you know, I could do that. I could get away with that as a Christian. I could I can maybe do that and justify it, but it may not be expedient to fulfilling God's purpose in your life. and you may not get a full reward. And I know that's maybe that might make some people uncomfortable to speak that comfortably to the elect, but if you're elect, I can't unelect you. I know there's a lot of talking these days about fraudulent elections, but God's not one of them, right? It just ain't happening with him. We don't need a recall. We don't need to file a lawsuit. We don't need a recount you. If he elected you, I can't undo it. And so I want to speak to you in a way that brings out the virtue of your election. And the more confident you can be in it, the more confidence you can have living it as a opposed to constantly being in that state of uncertainty because all you're trying to do is prove your election, prove that you're saved, prove that you're prove that you've got it. And so this expediency has nothing to do with the soul, but it's rather to fulfill his will and obtain a full reward. may be permitted but it may not be profitable. And so when our conduct is not expedient, what does God do? He corrects it. When conduct is not expedient, you say, "Well, I think I can do it and get away with it." No, brother said Christians don't sin cheaply. In other words, if you're a Christian, then God is going to correct you. Right? I mean, this should this should help all of us in a lot of ways because we see people do things and get away with things and you're like, "How is it that they can get away with this year after year after year?" And it's as if God never deals with them and then I just do one LITTLE THING AND I SUFFER. YOU SHOULD GO, "YES, YES. I I'm a son. That's why he won't let me get away with it." Because if I do something that's not expedient, if I'm acting and behaving in a way that's not going to allow me to to receive a full reward, that's not going to bring forth perfection and completion in my life, then God is going to bring correction. IF HE'S NOT HAVING PREEMINENCE IN OUR LIVES, WHAT DOES GOD DO? HE BRINGS CORRECTION. If things go a little bit cold AND A LITTLE BIT SIDEWAYS, HE BRINGS SUFFERING. He brings correction. HE DEALS WITH US IN SUCH A WAY TO CHECK OURSELVES UP AND SAY, "AM I DOING THE RIGHT THING?" WHY? HE WANTS PREEMINENCE. IN order to have it, sometimes he has to chasen. He has to rebuke. And so things aren't expedient. He corrects us. Brother Bandom the ser the church age book he's writing this again in chapter 4. Is it strange that God wants to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? No sir. And we all have trials and we are all tried and chasened as sons. Not one but goes through that. We all go through it. But the elect have the quality that when tested, it produces character. You can put pressure on a lot of different things and you can try certain things, but if it doesn't have the eternal quality to produce character, then it's destroyed by the pressure, but you've got the quality. And he says it's not we shouldn't think it's strange that God wants to develop Christlike character through suffering. So he writes this. Now this special condition in S smrna this tribulation he's referring to must be applied to every age there is no age free from it there is no true believer free from it this is of God the tribulation the suffering the affliction this is the will of God it is needful we need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and to be Christlike in doing That's the truth. We need to be taught this truth that we will suffer. And again, remember suffering is not having um your your your hand cut off because you're a Christian. It's not suffering uh because you suffure physical ailments. But the suffering has to do with fulfilling the will of God in the face of all the opposition that doesn't want you to anymore. Going to church, there's a suffering in doing it. There used to be a time, I'm just speaking, you know, maybe bluntly now. There used to be a time that we could be those, you know, kind of cultish weirdo message believers, you know, and we just did our thing and people just kind of looked at us like, well, they're a little different. And what is it you believe? Well, we believe in a prophet. Oh, that's a little bit strange. And there might have been a time that we could always go on our camps or our retreats and our special meetings and we always had each other and all the voices of the world were tuned out. And there was a time where maybe it was uh we could just kind of get distance from the critics and the pressure and all those things. uh those days are gone, right? We live every moment, every day with the world constantly reminding us of how different we are and how how what how our faith is so different than the world and and our ideals of holiness and even the scriptural principles that we abide by and the convictions we have about the message of the hour. There's so much in our face testing us all the time about these things that there's a suffering in just remaining a Christian in the face of all of it and not returning in kind. to be Christlike in doing it. I think that becomes the great equalizer in the sense that we can say, "Well, I I I know how to suffer. I know how to suffer." But are you Christlike in doing it? We've got to be Christlike in doing it because our character is being perfected through suffering and obedience. This is God's process of character development. I'm I'm sharing this with you because as our character is developed, we become more fit to rule because God will not give us power without character. So the extent of our power is related to the extent of our character. And if that's demonstrated in this life, then we need our character to grow. If that's going to be applicable in the next life in terms of reward, then we want our character to grow. And so it's perfected through sufferings and through obedience. Brother B says we need to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. In Hebrews chapter 5:es 8 and9 it says of Christ though he were a son yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. This is remar these are remarkable scriptures because I think for the the Pentecostal oneness uh they would look at this and say well it's it's just it's just meant to be kind of confusing right or it's it's just meant to be poetry and just use your imagination. But it says he was a son and as a son he learned obedience by the things which he suffered and being made perfect he became the author of eternal salvation and all them that obey him. What did brother Ram say in plain language? The very character of Jesus was made perfect by suffering. So you could have a sinless son of God. You could have a son who was perfect and in no way sin. But yet there still was a process of character development in the son of God himself. And so he he himself learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And if he himself learned obedience by the things which he suffered, then God too likewise wants us to suffer through obedience in order that we might learn character and grow in his very image and be made perfect. In other words, have this measure of suffering left for us that we too by suffering according to the will of God could come to this place of perfection. The very our very character is being perfected by suffering. Let's go back to chapter two. He says, "For it became him." Verse 10, "For it became him for whom are all things and by whom are all things and bringing many sons unto glory to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings." He's not perfect at the time that he's conceived by the elements of God alone in the womb of a virgin. He's not perfect in this sense at the time that he's a babe crying in the manger. He's not perfect at 12 years old there in the temple. But as he he subjects himself to his parents and as he increases in wisdom and stature and in favor with God and man, there is an actual process of character development happening in the life of the Lord Jesus Christ. And what is it? It's an example to us how that we too must suffer and be Christlike in doing it. That's why his words ought to have more weight. When when he prays, it ought to have more weight. When he teaches, it ought to have more weight because this was not just one who was just a robot. Love thy neighbor as thyself. Invite over the poor and the maimed. As if he never knew what it was like to feel like you feel. Right? He's up there saying, "Listen, if you do something for the people who are rich and have goods and you invite them over uh and they're the ones that can REPAY YOU, BUT DEMONSTRATE FIDELITY, DEMONSTRATE FAITHFULNESS, DEMONSTRATE THAT YOU REALLY ARE like me in that you'll give service to the poor, the weak, the maimed, the marginalized, the outcasts, the people who HAVE NO VOICE. THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT CHRISTIANITY THAT IS A DEFENDER OF THOSE THAT ARE WEAK. THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT CHRISTIANITY WHO'S NOT IN IT FOR WHAT THEY can get out of it, but they're in IT FOR WHAT CHRIST wants to give to others. And he was made perfect through suffering. And brother Brandham says in many places, a lot of places just went ahead and skipped over it. We'll get on to it. I think we'll get to it on Sunday. This idea, it ties well into this character development and being sons and being heirs and this process that God puts us through because this actually just to me sheds so much light on other principles in the word of God that sometimes are difficult to place because we start wrestling well what does that have to do with salvation and does that have to do with this and does it have to do with that and you realize it has everything just to do with how God rewards his son and how God rewards his children and brother Bam says it's your character your conduct that gives God confidence confidence in you. He's confident in his seal, right? He knows that won't break. But in terms of his confidence in you, he's looking at character. He's looking at conduct. And the truths of character development, suffering, correction, all have, this is what I want us to think about. It all has future application. And how is it we look at this and we recognize this? Too much time is spent on the temporal blessings instead of eternal rewards. We spend too much time just focusing now on on things that make it life easier. We focus on things now. Even you know there's a lot of focus even we can have as Christians on things that just kind of make life matter now and and and and just make it give more meaning to the days and the moments and the weekend or whatever. And there's maybe a lot of ways that we view Christianity that kind of stop at that door starts when we get in, stops when we leave. and you're leaving so much off the table and too little time is spent worrying about temporal blessings instead of eternal rewards. And I want these truths, even these things that we've shared with you tonight, I want them to give perspective to the process that God is using to prepare your future that the things we go through now, you could think about broken marriages, you could think about losses this way, and you could think of all these different things. And if you just realize that God is preparing me for my future, that the things that we suffer, things that we endure, and think about how people will do things, they'll take courses, they'll go to college, they'll spend years in particular study and training and and and they go through a lot of rigorous things. And why? Because they know one day they're going to get the degree. They know one day they're going to get the job. And that when they start earning the fruits of all their labor, they say, "That's why I did it all that time. That's why I did this because I knew there was a payoff." If we could just realize that this life is preparing us for our future and to put everything in perspective in terms of loss and gain and sorrow and hurt and heartache and and being uncomfortable and being vulnerable and making difficult decisions a and all the things that we might have to go through in this life to in doing what we know is God's perfect will. He's not it's he's preparing you for your future and that there's this reality that there's nothing you've lost here that you haven't already gained there. And when we think about the suffering of this present time is not worthy to be compared to the glory which shall be revealed in us. I know it doesn't quite seem right, but there's there's a there's a an equal and opposite reaction. If we could just get scientific to every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction. In this way that if there's suffering to a 10, that's a negative. THAT'S THAT'S THAT'S BAD. THAT'S AWFUL. BUT IT'S NOT WORTHY TO BE COMPARED BECAUSE THEN GOD HAS A counterbalance to it that there's a glory out of 10 and that we realize this life h is preparing us for our future. It's in that way that we could say nothing is wasted. Nothing is wasted. That with everything that you suffer, IF SOMEBODY SAYS SOMETHING nasty to you, somebody treats you harshly and you go through something and YOU SUFFER AND YOU'RE CHRISTLIKE in doing it, there's just more weight. More weight. More weight. Your future just got brighter. And next time, next time somebody treats you harshly and abuses you, you just take out your sunglasses and you just go, "Yeah." Right? You put them on. Say, "My future just got brighter. I need to put on some shades." Right? I know that may be a little bit of a weird example, but that's exactly what's happening. The more you take it Christlike and the more that you endure the things in this life with the right kind of character, your future's getting brighter. Let these things give you this perspective. That's why I'm taking the time to share it. This is why I mentioned on accountability, the day of reckoning, some of these principles said this the subject of judgment rewards. It's not like brother Brandham preached a whole sermon on it. It's not that you have a lot of uh teaching that just builds and builds and builds, but it's almost as if it's just something that's assumed and the writers of the New Testament, something brother Bam just speaks matterofactly in his message. And so you realize that in order to bring all these things together, I'm just I'm just seeking the mind of the Lord to find a way to present it. where just adds more color to it, makes the picture a little bit larger. I think this is one of those subjects, this process of character development that just kind of helps us step back a little bit, adds a little bit more color and more definition. And I want to give you a perspective of how that God uses this process of character development for your future. And there will be rewards given out. I'll close on this. We'll invite our musicians to come tonight. Remember how we were reading in John how that I chose you. You didn't choose me. I've chose you and that I've ordained you. This is love ordaining and I want you to bring forth fruit and I want your fruit to remain. And it's such that if you bear fruit, then I'm going to purge you. I'm going to scold you. I'm going to correct you. But remember, if I'm doing it, I'm only exposing you with the view to correction. And I'm only correcting you so that you're you can be amended. I'm only correcting you because you can bring forth more fruit. says, "Herein is now here and now is now set forth the love of God. He desired to love a family of his own, a family of sons, sons like himself. There before him lies all mankind is one lump of clay. Out of that same lump he'll now make vessels unto honor and unto dishonor." I think that's important to recognize that if it whe whether it be used as a a cloth, a piece of cloth and something cut out of it or just a lump of clay, but he uses one for honor and one for dishonor. In other words, when he's done with you, you look nothing like the original. You're no longer just a lump, right? No longer just a piece of cloth. You're in his glory. There lies before him all mankind is one lump of clay. Out of the same lump, he'll now make vessels under honor and under dishonor. The choosing will be his own choosing. Now the chosen ones, trust that you recognize yourself as this. Then those chosen ones born of his spirit, that's the born again, those who are sealed with the Holy Ghost, will be trained to conform to his image in their walk. That is the process of character development. It's not the process of being beaten and bruised and chastised and corrected so that you can change your behavior to get the Holy Ghost. No, this is the walk of a Holy Spirit-filled son trained to conform to his image in their walk. He reproves with all longsuffering and gentleness and mercy. He chasens with nails scarred hands. Sometimes this potter must take the vessel he's working on and thoroughly break it down in order that he may rebuild it exactly as he desires it. But it is love and and this is all caps that is his love. Another way of his love there is not there cannot be. This is the love of God expressed to us. If I could be uh I don't think it's presumptuous at all to say it this way but he says that the he has chosen a lump of clay to be a lump of honor and the chosen ones are born of his spirit. And so God could have ordained that you were born of his spirit. And so you're now a born again lump of clay and he just sets you on the shelf and I'm going to go work on another piece of clay and I'm just going to harvest a bunch of uncut lumps of clay and they're all born of my spirit. And then we just become these lumps of clay that in the in in the eternities were just kind of lumps of clay that have been born of his spirit. And we start to ask ourselves, how then are we any different from the angels in eternity? What what makes us any different? I think at that point, I'm just speculating wildly because that's not what he says. Not only does he give us the spirit and say, "All right, you're on your own or you got the spirit, you're sealed, you're done, you're finished." He says, "Now, I want to train you and I want to train you so that you can become more like me and express my character and express my attributes." And it's his love that does it. And his love is so great that he's not just wanting you uh to BE A CHRISTIAN FILLED WITH THE HOLY SPIRIT a and that's the end of it. BUT HE SAYS, "NOW THAT I'VE GIVEN YOU THIS blessedness of eternal life, I want to use the eternal life that's INSIDE OF YOU TO MAKE ETERNAL LIFE BRIGHTER, to make your FUTURE BRIGHTER, TO ALLOW YOU TO BE IN A POSITION TO HAVE MORE HONOR, MORE PRAISE, AND MORE GLORY. I WANT YOU TO BE FAITHFUL WITH THE POUND I'VE GIVEN YOU SO THAT ON THAT DAY I CAN SAY BE THOU RULER over 10 cities. And he gives us this opportunity now as Christians to be reproved through his reproving through his correction to become to have a greater character and a greater faithfulness. And he will I'm saying this service after service he will reward that. Certainly in this life there's rewards, but the real ones, the true riches are to come. And so this statement, if you could share it, brother Jonathan, it's that last slide. Don't ever be discouraged, saint of God. For God is not ungracious to forget your labors of love. Whatever you do, and then the most trivial of them all, even giving a cup of cold water to someone has a reward and blessing from the Lord. Amen. We have a process that we're in. We're in the process of character development. The better we can understand what God's trying to achieve in our lives, I think the more that we may be willing to endure suffering in this life, knowing that on that day, that glory is going to be a lot heavier because of it. Now, that suggests that if you're not Christlike in doing it and you run away from it and you're all and you're and you're not learning through the correction, then maybe it weighs a little less. Doesn't that imply that? But that's not you, right? That won't be us. While everyone else is running away from the will of God, we're going to run into it. I'm going to say, "Let it be in my life that I honor you and I glorify you." God bless you tonight. Thank you for your attentiveness.
