################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-03 - Bro. Reggie Plett Prevailing The Work in the Garden - Reggie Plett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-05-03
Title:    Bro. Reggie Plett: Prevailing: The Work in the Garden
Speaker:  Reggie Plett
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dE1f13QJS4
========================================

Description:
Bro. Reggie Plett: Prevailing: The Work in the Garden
Wednesday Service: May 3, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
bottles. I uh I've been so enjoying um the services about perfect faith and perfect love and how that brother Aaron has been um structuring them with the thought of a perfecting faith and perfecting love. And this I feel like this subject goes goes right along with it. And I I uh when brother Brandham makes the statement about we as believers have inherited an arcade and how that we we should have the freedom then to go through that arcade to climb up on the ladder and look through every shelf and see what we've inherited. Right. Amen. I I I I I feel like that's what we're doing when we're looking at this love that's perfecting us, that this faith that's perfecting us. We're beginning to look behind nooks and crannies and see uh God uh perfecting us in so many different ways in so many areas of our lives. And I I just feel like why why haven't we explored this before? But at the same time that that question may sound negative. Why haven't we explored this before? But the good news is is that there's so much of God to explore. And that when we begin to realize how much we've inherited, then we can we we get excited about, oh God, there's more of you for me. There's more perfecting for me. And and I just I I feel like that's what tonight as believers, those that have that know that that what it is to to receive that baptism of the Holy Spirit, that we're not questioning uh our salvation. Uh we we we say, "Man, I'm I'm secure. I know where I'm at with my salvation. I'd like to know where can I go in the word?" Yes, sir. Good. Uh I feel like we have such a liberty, we have such a freedom then to explore the word of God to explore this message of the hour of this hour to see uh not so much what what we've come from or what what's ahead of us but but what what's what does God have for us right now. Amen. So tonight uh I'd like uh for a title I call it prevailing the work in the garden. And this prevailing part as we read here in Revelations chapter 5 and verse 5, the message that John receives here is weep not behold the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David hath prevailed to open the book. So he's already prevailed. And there's a quote that I'm going to read and and it'll be it it's it's the climax. It it's the it's the pinnacle of this thing and we're going to hit it right away. And then you're going to think, well, is that the end of the service? You know, do you you use the climax? But I'm putting the climax at the beginning so that then we can begin to unpack and we can begin to search through the arcade and see what what this means for us today. Now, I we're in that season. We're in that spring season where we begin to plant gardens. And I don't know how many of you have planted a garden or have worked in a garden. I've worked in a garden from the time I was a little boy. My mom always planted a garden. And there's so much work to planting a garden. It's not just go and open the packet of seeds and stick them down in the soil and and then water it every day. Before you do any of that, you've got to cultivate the earth. You've got to remove the big rocks that have surfaced through the freeze and the thaw of the winter. And it seems like every year you thought you got all the rocks out and every year more it's like like you're growing rocks, but they they they pop up and you got to get those rocks out of the way and then you've got to create your furrows and your rows to begin to to plant your seed. And then once you've planted the seed, you think uh as you start seeing little shoots shoot up from the earth, you think, "Oh, wow. It's already here. Like I can't believe it's already germinated." and and then you realize that's not my that's not what I planted. Those are weeds. So then you got to go through and you got to start weeding before you get to your plants. And and then once your plants do start growing and you get excited about the little leaves that pop up, you got to you got to thin them out because maybe you you you planted them too close together and and so you got to thin out your plants and again you've got to pull weeds and you constantly are pulling weeds. That's one that's always there. And there's just a lot of work that goes into a garden. And in our scriptures, in in the Bible, there's many references to a garden. And I'm going to take a few of them tonight. And I don't think it's necessarily by I I don't think it's by coincidence um these events that take place, but I'd like to to read a few scriptures discussing about uh a work that took place in the garden. Of course, we're going to start in Genesis chapter 3. I want to read verses 4-7. This is the serpent coming to Eve. And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die. For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired, to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. And the eyes of them both were opened. And they knew that they were naked, and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons. So we see in Genesis we see the work that God did in the garden and it was good and it was good and it was good and it was very good. But now we see a work that the enemy is doing in the garden and he begins to to work also and not we we would understand and agree that he's sowing discord and he's sowing doubt. He's uh sowing I guess a a type of of knowledge not wisdom but knowledge and we see here when we read these scriptures that what's happening here uh is an awakening to the conscience. So when it says that uh the serpent said uh God doth know that in the day eat thereof then your eyes shall be opened. I think it's fairly evident to those who would read the Bible that their eyes weren't sealed shut and then right then suddenly eyelids were formed and their eyes were opened. We see that this means something different than their literal eyes coming open. This is an awakening of the conscience, knowing good from evil. And and sure enough, it says that she took and she ate and she gave also to her husband and he ate. And then it says, "And the eyes of them both were opened." So now this we see this awakening of a conscience. Now I I looked up the word conscience and conscience it says through Webster the sense of consciousness of the moral goodness or blameworthiness of one's own conduct, intentions or character together with a feeling of obligation to do right or be good. And we would say, "Yeah, that that that fits." And then there's another word that's conscious. And we realize that conscious is just merely uh being awake. Uh having mental faculties not doled by sleep, faintness or stuper awake. But there's another word that is self-conscious. And self-conscious is closer related to conscience than conscious. And to be self-conscious, we we would all say, "Wow, that guy's self-conscious. They're really self-conscious." It's not like, "Hey, wow, you know, that person's really self-conscious." We usually are like, "Wow, you're being so you're so self-conscious." Or, "Man, I'm I'm very self-conscious." It's usually a negative connotation that we use with self-conscious. Self-conscious is feeling undue awareness of oneself, one's appearance or one's actions. And we realize that with the awakening of the conscience in the garden, self-consciousness comes with it. that we find Adam and Eve hiding and covering themselves because of the awareness of their nakedness. So I want to turn over in Luke chapter 22 to another incident in a garden. This is when Jesus is in the garden of Gethsemane. In verse 41-44, it says, "And he was withdrawn from them about a stones cast." This is Peter, James, and John. And he kneel down and prayed, saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, not my will, but thine be done. And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him. And being in an agony, he prayed more earnestly, and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. Now, here's another work that's happening in the garden. And this is as we're going to read uh a a statement that brother Brandham makes. God is in agony. God is wrestling. Jesus is wrestling here with something to the point to where he's asking, "Lord, is there any way? Is there any other way that your will could be accomplished besides me giving my life? Is there another way, Lord? Is there a way that I wouldn't have to drink from this bitter cup? And he and and we notice that he prays and he goes he goes to his disciples and they're sleeping and he asks them, "Could you not stay awake and pray with me just for an hour?" and he he goes back and he begins to pray again and he goes and he finds him sleeping. He goes and he prays again and he's it's this wrestling. He's doing this wrestling. There's this there's this urgency that that Jesus is wrestling with in the garden. There's something that's taking place there in the garden. And I want to read this. This is from uh the breach between the seven church ages and the seven seals. Brother Brandham is is ex is expounding on this revelations 5:5 which we read in our opening. Brother Brandham says don't be brokenhearted John don't weep for the lion of the tribe of Judah the root and offspring of David has prevailed. Prevail means wrestle with and overcome. I love that definition. Prevail means wrestle with and overcome. Oh my. The garden of Gethsemane when blood dropped down out of his face, he was overcoming. See, see the lion and the root of David has prevailed. Has overcome like Jacob. Okay. So now he switches and he's but he's giving us this image of wrestling with and overcoming. So he says like Jacob being suppler and when he got in contact with the angel he held on and the angel tried to pull away. He said I I'm just not going to let you go. He held on until he got what he wanted for and his name was changed from supplanter which means deceiver to what? To a prince with God Israel. He prevailed. Now, I'm gonna stop right there because we're going to get into the story of Jacob here in a little bit, but just I don't know how how how much you ponder, I guess, is the word. Uh, the story of Jacob wrestling with God and Jacob winning. I mean, really pretty ridiculous. You're going to wrestle with God and and and God's going to lose. But there's something there that God wants us wants for us to see. He wouldn't have put it in his word if he didn't want us to see that. But let's go on. And this lion of the tribe of Judah prevailed. He said, "Don't weep, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, has prevailed. He has already overcome. He has done it. It's over, John. Oh my." He produced a bleach that sends sin along back to the greasy hands that with his wisdom that defiled it, the human being. Yes. So, brother Brandham is is is saying here, he's he's looking at this this scripture in Revelations 5 that says that this lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. He's already prevailed. He already wrestled with God and won. So, we see this wrestling that Jesus is doing in the garden. And you think, what is he prevailed over? What is it that he that that he was prevailing? What what what was he wrestling with? And and when we look and we see that that the wrestling that Jesus was doing was for you and me, that the wrestling was for was for our condition, was for was for fallen man. and and and and man, you could really go into this how that Jesus came as as son of man not through uh not through blowing through dust like that, but he came the way sinful men came. He came that same way so that he could experience temptation. So he could know what fallen man experienced obviously without falling, without sinning, but tempted in every manner. But I look at what happened in in in the Garden of Eden. And I look at at at this wrestling match that took place between the serpent and the woman and this this mental wrestling match that he had and and he just threw in that you'll not surely die. And he threw that in there and and you'll become wise. you'll become like gods and knowing right from wrong. And and and she saw this wisdom. She saw this he he he he began to to to deceive her and show her uh that there's a benefit to this. And then as soon as as this fall took place, as soon as her and Adam uh in took took part of this doubting God's word, along came doubt, along came fear. Along came self-consciousness of what have I done? and uh what you know we're wrong and and and then the fear of what's going to happen and let's hide and and then you know along you you start thinking about what feelings came along with the fall guilt and shame and and jealousy and and and hatred and anger suddenly and it's like where is all of this welling up from? And it's this this wrestling match that took place and man begins losing. But when we see Jesus in the garden and he's wrestling with God, we see this lamb that's wrestling this lion of the tribe of Judah wrestling with God. When I read this, I get I just got so excited BECAUSE I THOUGHT, GOD, NOT only did you take care of the sin question, not not only did you take care of the the guilt question where we don't have to feel guilty anymore, but I thought even our conscience can become new. that that that that with the awakening of the conscience that happened there in the garden. It was this consciousness of knowing right from wrong and then suddenly the pointing of you're wrong. Well, you're wrong and you're wrong. And so when I see that Jesus is wrestling in the garden and he prevails, he wins. And that that's where the winning took place was in the garden. that that's where the overcoming took place for Jesus was in the garden where that's where HE WRESTLED WITH GOD. THAT'S WHERE HE was wrestling to the point that his sweat was like blood so that he could go to the cross and say, "It's finished. It's finished. I've I've already finished THIS THIS JOB. I'VE ALREADY WRESTLED with this and won the battle." Amen. And when I begin to look at this idea of of our conscience just just waking up in the morning, just us being human beings and us saying, uh, you know, look at the condition I'm in and and and and why can't I why do I feel like I I just can't measure up and I just can't measure up and when when am I going to measure up TO WHAT I OUGHT TO BE? Brother Brandham gives us a a a picture into uh the contacting God and he starts and he draws three rings and he says your your outside man has five senses. There's five gates for us to contact this outside physical world. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. We all say, "Yeah, we got that." He said, "But your spirit man, there's five gates to contact that man, and that's conscience, affection, reason, memory, and imagination." And then he said, "Then there's the soul, and it's only got one gate, and that's self-will. But there's two things that that that can affect that and that's faith or doubt. Only one of those can go in at a time. And sometimes unfortunately it's doubt. Doubt goes in and then from there once doubt goes in then it begins affecting everything on the way out. It affects your conscience, affection, reason, memory, imagination because of you. You begin doubting. But then it starts affecting the way you see, taste, feel, smell, and hear things as well. And it's all because of, you know, this input that's coming in in through those gates. So you hear something, you hear a rumor, you hear a whisper, you hear a lie. And it begins affecting now. It goes into your conscience, affection, reason, memory, and imagination. And you begin imagining things, you know, that this person is like and you begin remembering, you know, that the way that brother did you wrong in the past. And so, yeah, this lines up. And so suddenly your faith, you have no faith in that person because it's already been affected by all these other elements. And so then it begins working its way out so that when you see them and they're like, "Hey." and you're like you don't you know in the grocery stores you're ducking your head and get to the next aisle and it's like why that's no way to live. Amen. That's no way. We don't want to live that way and we don't have to. So when I saw that this prevailing in the garden, when I saw the work that happened in the garden of Gethsemane that Jesus did and I realized that one of the things that he had prevailed over right there in the garden was conscience was our conscience. And that with that conscience and andor self-consciousness that we feel we don't have to we don't have to. He made a way. He bridged a gap that we don't have to do that. This is where there's there is a perfecting love. There's a perfecting faith that can carry you through beyond that. And it and it and it and it and you get through it and you know you think you know can I take that step and and then you do and you're like was this a one-time deal and it's like no God made a way it's paved with bloody footprints that you can come you can come this way often. And so I thought, now this would be great for uh some preacher that was really good at preaching series, but I was just looking at the conscience. And and along with it, there's this scripture in Romans 9:1 and Paul says, "I say the truth in Christ, I lie not. My conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost. Now, that's an interesting statement because you may just say if Paul's just saying, "Look, I'm not lying. God's my witness. I'm telling you the truth here." But that's not what he's saying at all. He He could have just said, "I say the truth in Christ. I lie not. My conscience bearing me witness." But he says, "My conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost." we see that there's there's this conscience in the Holy Ghost. And I thought that's so beautiful that with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we have access to a new conscience, to a new way of thinking, to a new that that that that we can look through Christ. We can look to to Christ. We can look through what he prevailed over. And when he promised he would send back his spirit and he would be in us, then he's given us access to a new conscience. Well, then I began to think, well, if we have a new have access or the opportunity anyway for a new conscience, what about a new affection? What about new reasoning? What about new memories? What about new imaginations? Now that part I say for whoever can preach a series type service because it would be tremendous. But but this is the thing is then if if it'll affect your conscience, your affection, your reason, your memory and your imagination. Well, you still have your see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. And we hear brother Brandham saying all the time, if those five senses don't line up with the word, leave those alone. What you see, taste, feel, smell, or hear, if those don't line up, leave them alone and stick with what the word says. Well, the same goes with our conscience, affection, reason, memory, and imagination. If your imaginations don't line up with the word of God, leave them alone. But if they do line up, if what you see, taste, feel, smell, or hear lines up with the word, use it. Go further in the word. If your conscience, affection, reason, memory, and imagination lines up with the word, use it. Let that feed your faith to go into the self-willgate. So that we it's faith that's causing our by self-will. We say I'm going to live by faith not doubt. I'm going to believe God for this. And the question is is it possible? It is possible. This is what the work in the garden was doing. Now I'm I want to look at this because at this wrestling this prevailing wrestling with and overcoming brother said to prevail is to wrestle with and overcome. The scripture is full full of examples of men and women wrestling with God and prevailing. And it's not just full so that we can say, "Wow, they're they were somebody, but it shows us what did they wrestle with?" And and in the overcoming, what came with the overcoming? What was what was the prize? What what happened? So, brother Brandon mentioned in that quote that we read, Jacob. So, I'd like to look at the story of Jacob. If you go and you read Abraham, you'll find wrestling there, too. You find Abraham wrestling one night. Uh he God tells him to to create a sacrifice and he shoes the birds off the sacrifice all night long. And it's all in this e it's all in this evening time that this is happening. He's sheing this the birds off his sacrifice. and he falls asleep and he sees this burning furnace, this this smoky furnace and then this light that comes between and brother Brandham explains to us that that shows us where we ought to go when we die that Abraham falls asleep and he says that's that's like man dying and when he when you die where ought you to go into that smoky furnace into a into hell that's where that's where we deserve to go but there was a light that came between the divided sacrifice between the lamb and showing Abraham that no there is you don't have to go there. So but you see re Abraham wrestling with this all night. Well, now we go to his son Jacob or excuse me, his grandson Jacob. And in Genesis 28 11-14, this is now he's still Jacob and he's just shyered his way to get the blessing from his brother. And his father's like, "You better go to another land, this land, and get you a wife." And so he leaves. And Esau is like, "Where'd he go?" But he he leaves this place and he and and and here's how it goes. He lied upon a certain place and carried there all night because the sun was set. And he took of the stones of that place and put them for his pillows and laid down in that place to sleep. And he dreamed and behold a ladder set up on the earth. And the top of it reached to heaven. And behold, the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And behold, the Lord stood above it, and said, I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac, the land whereon thou liest. To thee will I give it, and to thy seed, and thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad, to the west, to the east, to the north, and to the south, and in thee, and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. We see the cross. We see God telling him, "Look, look around you to the to the north, to the south, to the east, to the west." And there he is standing in the midst. He's there at a place of the cross. And and God is rehearsing to him the same word he rehearsed to Abraham. This is I'm going to give you this land and your seed shall possess this land. And he's rehearsing the word to him. He's speaking the word so that he's hearing and that his while he's sleeping his imagination, his conscience, all his subconscious is hearing the word of God and and he's dreaming and he sees this angel or he excuse me he sees this ladder set up hooked up into heaven and hooked down onto the earth. Now, brother Brandham gives us a beautiful illustration of this and he says that that ladder was hooked where it was anchored into the earth was Jesus Christ. That the ladder of God was is hooked into heaven and and it's hooked and then it's anchored down in Jesus Christ. And that the angels will they ascend and descend bringing messages to the children of God. that when you have a need, there's angels that are bringing messages from heaven that God sends to you. And it's through Jesus Christ that we receive these these messages that we receive this the our answer. Amen. Now, a little bit later, Jacob goes, he leaves this place and he's still wheeling and dealing. Now, he's wheeling and dealing with with his future father-in-law. And, you know, he's pulling deals. his father-in-law's pulling deals, you know, I I want to work for this for for Rachel, you know, and and and he's like, "Yeah, well, uh, all right. Yeah, work for me." And here you get, Leah. And and then he's like, "Hey, what's the deal?" And he's like, "Well, work for me again." And so he's like, "Okay, I'll work for you again." And he's like striping the the the sticks and he's putting in the water and and Jacob's getting his father-in-law's cattle and he's getting rich off the cattle. He's like, "Hey, I guess this is how things go around here. you know, you you you you give me one, I give you one. But he leaves that place and he's on his way back to his country. He's got his wife and he's got his he's got all of his cattle. He's got all of his goods and he's on his way back. He's got his wives, his children. And then he hears wind, Esau's on his way here to meet you. In Genesis 32:es 24-28, Jacob was left alone. He'd sent his wives ahead. He'd sent all these things ahead. Jacob was left alone and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. So again, all through the evening time, Jacob's wrestling with God. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, that the angel prevailed not against Jacob, he touched the hollow of his thigh. And the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, and he wrestled with him. And he said, "Let me go, for the daybreakth." He said, "I will not let thee go except thou bless me." And he said unto him, "What is thy name?" And he said, "Jacob." And he said, "Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel. For as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed. Now again, I I I'm coming back to that thought of how ridiculous this story would seem that a man could wrestle with God and win. But we do find that in Isaiah chapter 1 and verse 18, we see God inviting man, saying, "Come, let us reason together." That though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as snow. God is inviting us. He He It's an invitation for embrace. It's an invitation for uh for a connection. It's not I'm God and you're down there and and there let's keep this. Let's just make sure we know that God is is showing us that there is an embrace that God desires this wrestling that there's this wrestling that's got to take place. Brother Brandham in Israel in the church says, "And watch, he touched his thigh and Jacob walked different." Amen. I hope that goes way down home. when you wrestle with God. Now, Brother Brandham doesn't say if you wrestle with God, he said when you wrestle with God, you'll walk different after that. It used to be this wrestling match with the devil. It used to be this wrestling match before I was saved. Who am I? And what am I here for? And there was this wrestling match there. But this is not wrestling to find out are you saved or are you not saved. No. No. That an that's already been answered. But this is something that we deal with on a daily basis as believers. And that's prevailing with God. It's a prevailing in this day, in this hour, in in 2023 where we're living. It's this wrestling with God to know when when God said, "Come, let us reason together." It's not, you know, give me your ideas and we'll just we'll see if your idea is better than my idea. No, it's God saying, "Let's reason. Let me hear the complaint. Let me hear where you're at. Let me hear the struggle. Let me hear the question. Just the honest question that you've got with the word that you've got with this message. Whatever it is, feel free. Ask it and let's reason it together so that I can walk you through the word. It's not just I'm God and just believe me and that's the end of it. It's let's wrestle this out so that you can work out of you the dross that you can work that thing out. Amen. We have family devotions. Um like that's a big shock to every Why you what what are those in our family devotions at home? uh Grace has the children uh reading chronologically through the Bible and they got to the book of Job and uh it just so happens that being self-employed and during the winters of Flag Staff there's not a lot of work so I get to sit home with my family a lot and I get to partake in the family devotions they're going to Job. And Job, the book of Job to me is so real. It's so man. It's It's I I'd say it's so man. That sounds awful. It's from God. It's of God, but it just personifies mankind so well. And we as you're going through Job, you're hearing uh of course at the beginning you hear God's uh conversation with the devil and how you know have you considered my servant and and and and go ahead and try him and oh no, you've got him protected. No, go ahead. Go ahead. Just don't take his life. And you're hearing this conversation that they're having without Job about Job. And uh but God's got confidence in Job. And brother Brandon talks a lot about Job and he says, you know, Job was so wise. People came from around the earth to hear the wisdom of Job, which is amazing. So he was already um God had just given him g a a real gift of wisdom so that people would come and hear him. when all of these things happen to Job and his children die and his and and his livestock die and then he be gets boils and and then his his miserable comforting friends come and they say, "Well, it's it you just you sinned. That's the deal." You know, like we got the answer. You're just a sinner. You just sinned and just make it right and all will be good again. And Job's like, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no." But Job begins wrestling And I I want to read just portions of this. I recommend obviously going and reading the entire book of Job, but I just want to read portions of the book of Job. Now I just want to show more of this wrestling. So in Job chapter 7 vers 13- 21, Job says, "When I say my bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaint, then thou scarest me with dreams." Now Job's talking with God. Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions, so that my soul choosth strangling, and death rather than life. I loa it. I would not live always. Let me alone, for my days are vanity. What is man that thou shouldest magnify him, and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him, and that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment? How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle? I have sinned. What shall I do unto thee, oh thou PRESERVER OF MEN? WHY HAST THOU SET ME as a mark against thee, so that I'm a burden to myself? And why dust thou not pardon my transgression, and take away MINE INIQUITY? FOR NOW shall I sleep in the dust, and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be. Now, that's real talk. That's real talk. That's Job pouring out to God his complaint. And you go, I can't believe he said that. But this is so real. How many times have I said things not so King James like with the these and ths, but with the same inflections THAT GOD, WHO AM I? I just keep failing you. I I JUST KEEP DROPPING THE ball and why why do you keep giving me another chance and giving me another chance? Who? There's far better people out there that ought to get an opportunity. Why did you call me? I'm a loser. And Job is just being real with God. And then his accusers are like, "How can you say such things?" Job's like, "Look, look." So then in Job chapter 9, you know, that was chapter 7. Job chapter 9, I'm going read 1:3 and 32-33. Then Job answered and said,"I know it is so of a truth, but how should man be just with God? If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand. Who's going to who's going to contend with God?" Who can wrestle with God and win? Right? What a question. And then he jumps down. He says, "For God, he God, he is not a man as I am that I should answer him and we should come together in judgment, neither is there any days betw twix us that might lay his hand upon us both." Now, really quick, the daysman was if you and your neighbor got in a fight and your neighbor said, "I'm going to sue you. I'll see you in court." And you were like, "Okay, I guess we'll go to court." And so then the court's like, "Okay, well, we got a lot of cases. You know, your case will be in three months." The court files your your case. And they say, "Okay, the neighbor wants to sue you." And they say, "Is there we don't want to have to go through this. We have a lot of cases, serious cases, murders and, you know, kidnappings and so on and so forth, Teslas that catch on fire. They said, "Is there not a daysman? It's it's a guy that they can hire for the day to go to the to you and your neighbor and say, "Hey, what is there a way we could settle this without going throughout through all this process of the court? Is there a way we can settle this here and now on our farm?" You know, let's hear your complaint. Let's hear your complaint and let's see if we can settle this here. There's a daysman who can do that. Job is saying who who is there that can that can put his hands on sinful man and man in his condition and then a holy God that knows no sin, knows no unrighteousness, knows no, he has not experienced that. Is there somebody who can put his hand on a holy God and a sinful man and bring the two together that that this could be resolved BECAUSE WE LOSE EVERY TIME, RIGHT? WELL, then Job comes down to Job chapter 19 as if Job's life was based on chapters. Let's hurry up and get to 19, Lord. So in Job 19:23-27, Job catches a revelation. He says, "Oh, that my words were now written. Oh that they were printed in a book that they were graven with an iron pin and led in the rock forever." In other words, this is important. Everybody should hear this. For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall STAND AT THE LATTER DAY UPON the earth. And though after my skinworms DESTROY THIS BODY, YET IN MY FLESH SHALL I SEE GOD, WHOM I SHALL SEE FOR MYSELF, AND MY EYES SHALL BEHOLD AND NOT ANOTHER, THOUGH MY reigns be consumed within me. AND JOB CATCHES A REVELATION THAT THERE is one coming. There is a daysman who will be on the earth WHO CAN PUT HIS HANDS UPON A HOLY GOD AND A SINFUL man and bring reconciliation SO THAT NO MORE DO WE HAVE [screaming] TO ARGUE AND WRESTLE WITH OUR SINFUL CONDITION. BUT THERE'S GOING TO be a daysman who will solve that. And Job sees his redeemer. Job through a vision sees JESUS CHRIST. AND JOB RECOGNIZES ONE DAY THERE WILL BE SOMEBODY WHO WILL WRESTLE WITH GOD AND HE WILL WIN THIS BATTLE. So then we go to the end of the book in Job 42:es 1-6. Then Job answered the Lord and said, I know that thou canst do everything AND THAT NO THOUGHT can be withholden from thee. Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge? Therefore, have I uttered that I understood not. And man, how many times have we uttered things that we didn't even understand? I said things I shouldn't have said. I didn't know what I was talking about. We're just being real. True. Things too wonderful for me, which I knew not. Here I beseech thee, and I will speak. I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me. I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth thee. Wherefore I abhore myself and repent in dust and ashes. And to think that Job comes to this conclusion at the end where he'd heard about the God. He'd heard about the things of God, but when then he be to see God in real time working in Job's life. AND JOB SAID, "I'VE HEARD OF YOU, GOD, but now I've seen you. I've seen it." Now, [panting] how am I on time? Okay, a little bit more. This is from the message I have heard, but now I see. You can imagine where the what the subject matter is. Brother Brandham says, "Now sometimes these great pulsations of faith come right in the time of crisis." I say amen to that, Lord. It's usually crisis that drives us into this. It was a crisis that drove Job into it. While he was at the end of his life, his children was dead, his camels, and all of his goods was gone and destroyed. And his own life, he was broke out from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet with boils. It was a crisis that he pressed himself. There's where the inspiration struck him. So now we see this crisis entering the picture in this wrestling in the garden. This work that's taking place in the garden. And when we see the crisis that was at hand with Jesus in the garden, it was our crisis. It was at hand. It was a crisis of the world. The world needed a savior. little further down now when the inspiration struck him that did it. He had it then. Now we found we find out there comes a time of these crisis when the press is right on and you look around today. Look at the condition we're living in. Aren't we living in a modern Sodom and Gomorrah? you you you you hear this and you read this and you think if you if you dare turn on the news or look at the news, it's like this anxiety begins to rise up within you. It's like this what is going on in the world? What is happening? Like you're kidding me. That did not No. People are not okay with this. And your anxiety be you're like where are we living? What is going on? And I mean you feel like is it in our house? And you're like okay get away. Like shut the news off and go grab your Bible. Okay. Get the good news. But it's true. Look at the conditions we're living in. It's this crisis moment. And when I look at this wrestling when I look at this wrestling for us, when I look at the wrestling for the believer today that you know what about, you know, it's it's not 1963 anymore. It's not, you know, we're not 1976 and we're thinking, you know, just next year, just next year, you know, we're 2023 and we're like, Lord, God, let your mercy, I pray your mercy is still with us and and it's got to be. I'm still here, you know, and I'm I'm I'm I'm believing. I'm one of them. And you go, Lord, it's so dark. It's so wicked. And and it feels like it's just crisis everywhere. Everywhere. Crisis, crisis, crisis. And the internet's speeding up and everything's speeding up and and you know, our work schedules are speeding up and it's just this anxiety buildup. Now, Brother Brandham says, "Now we find that in those hours of real stress, that's usually when the spirit of God moves in. He let the Hebrew children walk right into the fiery furnace before he ever moved a hand. But when he moved, he moves. And the church, this is further down, and the church has heard of God. They've read of him and what he did and the promises he made. But now we see him with our eyes just the same as Job did. I've heard of thee, but now I see thee. What a difference. And it I can't you you can't put on a tape. You know, you can't hear one of brother Brandham's sermons without, you know, Brother Brandham does such a nice job of taking us and giving us Bible foundation and saying this isn't strange and weird and, you know, some cult and fanaticism. This is in the Bible. And he begins to settle our spirits because we begin to see it in the word. We go, "That's right. That's in the word. That's in God's Bible. That's not new. That's Bible." And so, and then we begin to see God moving and healing the sick and opening the eyes and revealing the secrets that are hidden in this Bible. and the things that we'd heard of so long. We'd we'd heard that God was a healer. We heard that go but then we begin to experience and we begin to see it happening in our day. We begin to see the mysteries unfolded in our day in this last day. We begin to see answers answers that were hidden in here for generations. And we can say, "I heard of God." You know, I grew up in a Christian home. I'd heard of God, but now I see God real. I see him real and alive. I I'm going back to Revelation. I'm I'm coming to a close. And in in Revelations, we go back to chapter 5 and we see that this this angel says to to to John, "Weep not. The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed." He already prevailed. And John recognizes he he turns and he sees he this lamb, this one who's worthy to open the book. And he begins rejoicing. And in verse 13, John says, "And every creature which is in heaven and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them heard I saying, blessing and honor and glory and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever." in that same message that we took the the quote of brother Brandham's talking about the prevailing and how that it was Jesus in the garden he'd prevailed that's where he did it that's where the prevailing took place was in the garden at the end of that message the breach he comes to he he gets down to this verse verse 13 and brother Brandham says you know that got next to John he must have saw his name wrote there. When them seals broke, he must have got real happy. Listen what he said. And every creature which is in heaven and on the earth and underneath the earth, such as within the sea, and all that in them is in them, heard me, I saying, blessings, honor, glory, power be to him that sits upon the throne, and to the lamb forever. Amen. Amen and amen. And the four beasts said, "Amen." And the four and 20 elders fell down and worshiped him that lives forever and ever. And old John, who'd been standing there, our brother, crying. He'd been crying. He'd been weeping. Why? He said, "Everything in heaven, everything in the earth, and everything in the sea heard me holler, amen. Amen. Blessings, honor, and might, and power be to him that lives forever and ever." Talk about a happy time when them seals broke. John must have looked in, seen a past the curtain of time, and said, "There's John." Oh, he was so happy till he said, "Everything in heaven." He must have really cried out, didn't he? Everything in heaven, everything in the earth, everything beneath the earth, every creature, everything else heard me saying, "Amen. blessings and glory and wisdom and power and might and riches belongs to him. Amen. Why? When the revelation come that the lamb, the redeemer, our kinsmen had come back from the throne of mediatorial and had walked out here to take his possession. You know, John was there at the cross. He was at the foot of the cross. John was there during the crucifixion. John was he ran ahead of Peter and got to the tomb and noticed he Jesus wasn't there. John saw all that. John saw the sacrifice hanging on the cross. John uh, you know, was that one that leaned upon his bosom. I don't how much of that did John take in at when it was happening? I don't know. Did John recognize this was the sacrifice for me and for my sin while it was happening? I'd like to believe that. [crying] But after the scriptures are compiled, you know, John and Mary, they they work together to compile the gospels, right? And that's what got him thrown onto the aisle of Patmas was for the word of God's sake, you know, putting together the gospels for in the name of Jesus. And all of this, putting this all together, got him onto this island. And God gets him alone on this island and begins giving him these these visions and and here John sees this lamb who's prevailed and he sees that it was Jesus and then when brother Random just explains that it was there IN THE GARDEN THAT'S WHERE HE prevailed when John just saw that he had prevailed that it It was Jesus that had prevailed. And then John saw that it wasn't just for merely at the time of his life, but this was of eternal significance. That when he saw that there was this lamb's book of life and that his name was on it, THAT IT MEANT SO MUCH MORE this prevailing that what happened for him. I I simply I close with this question and you know is it an ask? Is it a is it a challenge? Call it what it is. I I call it whatever you'd like to call it. But if seeing if seeing what was prevailed or what Jesus prevailed over in the garden for us affects our conscience, our affections, our reason, our memory and our imaginations. and how that we can begin to go through the scriptures. Now, this is what I mean when I say we can go through the arcade as believers, as saved. You, the seal is on you. You've got the seal. Now, let's go exploring to see what that as we still wrestle with God. If we are still wrestling on a daily basis, what is it that we're able to work out? Can we have a new conscience, new affections, new imaginations, new reasons, new memory toward the word of God, and toward uh the promises of God. Amen. We can we don't have to look back through our memory and say, you know, oh that was awful. What what I came out of was don't even look to that. Instead, begin looking at what did God do for me there and what did he do for me there and wasn't that God there? And as our memories as as the memories begin to come in about God about the things of God and it comes all the way down into that self-will gate that you say yes Lord you allow it in and you say by faith you say God if you did it for me then I believe you can do it again. Then there then doubt it just got no way to get into that gate. It's just faith coming in. It's just faith. And and I'm I just get so excited thinking about perfecting faith that God is still perfecting me and my faith. He's He's still perfecting my faith in him by allowing me to get into the word of God to look into my own life and see God is moving in my life. I see him moving. I see him answering prayer. I see him answering questions that I had. Changing my personality, changing my character. Even now as a Christian, he's still making my character better than when it was when I first gave my heart to the Lord. There's a prevailing for us. Amen. That Jesus was the source example for us wrestling with God and being able to prevail. I look forward to it. I look forward to hearing about the wrestling matches in my brothers and sisters and saying, "And you know, you want to hear a testimony that came from it. It'll be there." Amen. I guess the challenge would be, can we be real enough with God? Can we be honest enough as believers? Can we be transparent enough with God that we can say, "God, I got to wrestle with you. We got to have a match because there's things in my conscience that it's carnal. It's me. It's personal. It's my personal. Whatever you want to say, whatever it's character carryover, whatever you want to call it, it's got to go. I We've got to have a Gethsemane match. That would be my challenge is is is take that home. Take that home. Take that to work tomorrow. Take take that to school. Take that to your closet. Take that wherever it is that you want to get alone with God and say, "All right, here this is my safe space with God. here. I want to be transparent. I want to be clear and open with you. That would be my challenge. Wonder if we could stand together.
