################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-06-12 - 33 The Simple Life Pt. 2 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-06-12
Title:   33 The Simple Life Pt. 2
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfVbOChiEfI
========================================

Description:
The House of the Lord
33 The Simple Life Pt. 2
Wednesday Service: June 12, 2024
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
This is part two of the simple life and we are we're taking the subject of I'm just trying to think of how we might have phrased it um Sunday morning. You might say, "Why didn't you think of this earlier?" Uh but just as we get up here, we want to just kind of feel the leadership of the Lord and just kind of say it the way he'd want us to and set it up the way that he's desiring to speak even in this moment. But we were looking how that Christ is revealing himself in the life that we live. Christ unfolding himself in that h sincerity and that humility in that honesty some of those things that we're talking about um in LA these last several services. So he's he's living himself out in simplicity. I've been studying a lot in harvest time and so I'm drawing a lot from there. But I just want to jump right into this by mentioning a few other sermon titles that I believe touch on this in a way or brother Bam is foreshadowing something very very tremendous in in the word of God and he takes these different titles a hidden life then he has another title a hidden life in Christ or kind of subtitled inside life with Christ and then he ministered a hidden life with Christ. And so we're looking at this life that is lived. When we talk about a hidden life, it doesn't mean we're secret Christians. Too bad, right? You know, secret message believers. We want to blend in with the world. We want to go the way everyone else is going. But when he talks about the hidden life, he means there is a life inside of you. There's this secret place where the Holy Spirit is sealed up into your soul. And there you're communing with God. And it's that hidden life. And it's from there, that source of life, from that new birth experience that you then begin to live and and walk through the world and and make your way in in life. And so, we're wanting to come from that perspective that there is a life unseen. There is a power of God that dwells within the human soul that has been born again. It's that hidden life. It's an inside life with Christ. Brother Abraham touches on that many different ways, but in those few sermons, he really, really details it. Now, one thing I'm wanting to use is this idea that if that life is hidden on the inside, then the life that you live is manifesting or interpreting what's inside of you. Brother Brandham said, "A sanctified life reveals Jesus Christ." Uh, nature itself reveals Jesus Christ. So, the life reveals the nature that's on the inside. And we even characterize people that way. Well, they're this they're they're stubborn or they're very creative. And it's probably never been said of somebody who is creative that they were creative and they've never done anything creative, right? It's it's the life they live. It's the things they express and say, "Oh, they they do this and they do that." So, the life reveals the nature of somebody and it's the life that we live that reveals the nature of the word. And that's the principles of the seed. Now, tonight I want to focus on I want to be very specific on something that I'd like to teach tonight. And it's it's foundational. It's something that I think uh works very well with this series we're preaching on the house of the Lord because in the house of the Lord, my thought is where he dwells, where he's revealing himself from. There's been a lot of titles that we've used lately, but we're looking at a lot of the home life uh and how important home life is. And I realize we can never separate uh the the the nature of our house, the nature of our lives, or even what we want to express, the things we want to do from the word that it's if we sometimes there's this attitude that if you really want to know how to fix your marriage, you need to go to Colorado Springs to do that. Or if you want really want to know how to entertain your kids, you got to go to Colorado Springs to do that. But I don't believe that we have to um borrow from the world. I don't think that we have to uh go to other sources and psychology to get the things that we need, but the word of God is what we need for everything. And we don't want to be narrow-minded about what that word is. But this is some So, we've been touching on home life. I'm still kind of in that channel, but I'm wanting to look at something very foundational that would help with any subject when it comes to the word of God. Now in 2 Corinthiansap 11:3, Paul says something here that we started with on Sunday, but I fear less by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety. So he's wanting us to think about the transaction that took place in the garden of Eden where the serpent uh under the inspiration and influence of the devil deceived Eve. He was subtle. It was he had a way of speaking to her and engaging with her that caused her to see something in a way that she ought not to have seen it. And so just as the serpent beguiled Eve, he's he fears lest our minds or as he's writing to the Corinthians, their minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. And it's that simplicity that was what drew me to this. It's the simplicity in Christ uh uh that had my attention. And then I'm realizing in this Paul is identifying that the Satan wants to beguile us or deceive us or distract us and take us away from the simplicity that is in Christ. That that Satan's objective is to find some way to make this more complicated than it should be. So, uh just to kind of bring back carry forward some things from Sunday morning, the temptation or the tempting of the woman in the garden and the tempting of Christ in the wilderness as we've just read it. It exposes Satan's schemes. The same tactics he used in the garden are the same tactics he uses in the wilderness. And how he approached him and saying, "If thou be the son of God, then turn these stones into bread." And Jesus, it's in his first response that he gives us the whole secret. Man shall not live by bread alone, these external things, the things that satisfy the flesh. But he must live by every word. So take it that way. When he says man shall not live by every by word alone but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. He's not saying that man has to live by natural bread and spiritual bread. He's actually saying that man c has to live and can only live by every word of God. So that's the that's the most important thing and that's the at the heart of this temptation. And then he says well if you are the son of God and cast yourself down from the temple and there'll be this great supernatural display as the angels identify themselves with you. Jesus answers again with the word. So Satan is use he's using tactics. He's using schemes in the temptation in the garden and then also in the wilderness. And that's the same tactics are what he uses today. And what he's doing then shows us where he battles us today where the greatest battle is ever fought. And as we said before, this is what I want to touch on for the remainder of this evening. Satan is fighting where God is expressing himself. If God's not there, if God's not doing something, Satan's not worried about it. So, Satan targets where God is expressing himself. I want to use it in the same language we use Sunday morning that whatever God whatever he thinks God's doing next, he attacks that. Whatever he knows God's doing next, he attacks that. Satan's always trying to find God at his next move and he's trying to read the signs and he's trying to figure things out because he wants to preempt the work of God. We find in Revelations 12 when the woman was getting ready to give birth, there was the dragon waiting to snatch the child as soon as it was born. So the dragon was there and wanting to take advantage of this opportunity because he saw what was coming and knowing what was coming. He wanted to be there very quickly uh to to snatch that a and always there trying to anticipate, always there trying to see what God's doing. So, I'm building from this thought that Satan always attacks where God is or tries to at least trying to find out where God is in order to stop what God's wanting to do. Now, this scripture here in 1 Corinthians chapter 2 7 to8 will be um our our launching pad from here. And I may not have another scripture for quite a while this evening. says in 1 Corinthians chapter 2:es 7 and 8, but we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. Now, there's a lot that we could have read prior to this and even afterwards to give context to what Paul is talking about. This is the hidden uh wisdom of God. It is something he's speaking. So, he's speaking a mystery which is the hidden wisdom of God. and he's speaking something uh that God ordained before the world for our glory. So this wisdom of God that he speaks and it's not a wisdom that's commonly known. It's not the wisdom of man, but it's the wisdom of God. And he speaks it in a way that's a mystery because it's not something you can understand by being human. You have to understand it by having the spirit of God. Now the statement he makes next is what I want to focus on. I'm speaking the wisdom of God in a mystery, the hidden wisdom of God which he's ordained for your glory. But then he says, "Which none of the princes of this world knew they they they were not uh they were not seeing this. They had not anticipated this. They they did not have understanding this." He says, "For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory." Now, however you want to interpret this, it's quite a statement. Uh the way that it it strikes me is that had they known what he had they known who Christ was and what he had come for they wouldn't have fallen for it or they wouldn't have crucified him because knowing if the princes of this world knew that in crucifying him it would have paid the price. If the devil knew that in crucifying him that man's sins would be atoned for. If the devil knew that he lost by crucifying him he never would have crucified him. And it even goes, you could even look at this from the standpoint that the princes of the world, whether it be uh the rulers at that time or the Jews, uh had they known that this was God's Messiah, they would have never crucified him. Then that speaks to this either way, it speaks to this principle that human knowledge alone will make a mess of God's plan. That even someone saying, "Oh, no. I I don't want Peter even demonstrated, I don't want him to die." If he knew this was the endgame, they would have tried to stop it, even against God's perfect will. But I want you to read this this way. If you don't feel this is the particular reading, uh you won't offend me if you're if you're staying to how God leads you at all. But if the princes of this world knew what God was doing, they would have never crucified the Lord of glory. Right? So there's Satan is always trying to figure out what God's doing because Satan would say in the final analysis, he'll probably end up saying, "Had I known this is what was going to happen, I would have never crucified him." Right. Right. Right. So, I'm wanting to address very specifically Satan's schemes, what what he is trying to prevent, what he's trying to hinder, why he works so hard against us, why some of you have had such a bad week, why the devil is always on your tail, why things aren't easy, why the message is so reviled, why it's so misunderstood, and maybe even why message believers have been the worst thing for the message. And I want to say this. I hope that you can listen very uh distinctly to what I'm trying to say because I want to read a number of statements. I'll tell you in the outset I'm going to be reading from the seventh seal question and answers on the seals and then also from harvest time and some other places and these are things that brother Brandham said that brother Bradam taught that are difficult for some people to understand easy for some people to misinterpret and and things that would I would say are very controversial in and what he's teaching but I hope that in reading these things to you tonight you can look at it from this standpoint of what God is trying to do for you personally and not try to make it into something mysterious or make it into something about brother Brandham, but look at it as if God had something for me to hear, I want to hear what he has me to hear. And I believe this what we're wanting to approach tonight is very critical and very important. I'm always I'm careful to uh not say that. Uh but I do feel very impressed tonight to say that what I want to share with you and I hope that I can just share it in a way that God will uh uh quicken it to you and how God would want you to see this. But I believe these things are very very important. And I will say this uh that I'm being faithful to my my calling in doing this and I know my audience. Now in the seventh seal, brother Brandham's going to make this statement and I I don't have these statements uh provided in these slides. Um, I I'm not being deliberate necessarily by uh robbing you of the the privilege of seeing uh the quotations on the screen. It's just sometimes I think when it's a lot of them, it's easy to get lost in it and hopefully you could just listen to what uh what we're saying. Brother Bram is he's preaching the seventh seal. He's talking specifically about the seventh seal. He's referring specifically to Revelations 8:1 and or Revelations 8 and then specifically verse one and then also Revelations 10:es 3 and 4. These are things that he's specifically addressing right now. Now, I know that's a mouthful and I know most of you probably know exactly what we're referring to here, but he's talking about these seven thunders uttering their voices, the book being opened in that time of silence. He says, "It is the secret that no one knows about." John was forbidden to write about it, even write a symbol about it. That is why there was no activity in heaven. It might give away the secret. So he's kind of connecting two things together there in that when the seven angels come forth to sound their trumpets. Excuse me. No activity in heaven. It might give away the secret. Do you see it? Now if it's so great it must be included because it's got to happen. Now notice when the seven angels come forth to sound their trumpets, there was one thunder. And he's he's looking back at other instances in scripture. When Israel was gathered, there was a trumpet. When time shall be no more the last trumpet, one thunder. But here is seven straight thunders right in a row. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. That perfect number. Seven thunders in a row uttered, making just one, two, three, four, five, six, seven straight. I'll stop here and kind of wet your appetite just for these seven so that we can be really mysterious. No, I want to say it in a way to remove kind of the the the aura of it to where, oh, this is this is the area that message theologians really like to dig into. But when it's using this number seven, there's got to be something about it that there would be seven thunder thunders in a row that would utter their voices in a row. Not one and then something happens, but these seven together. And brother Ram teaches us that seven is God's number. He uses that statement specifically. It's God's number. Here he says um perfect that perfect number and it's the complete he says it's the complete number of God. So seven is looking at completion. Uh he says about seven, it's always a mystery. uh it's it's something that is when you look at the word and I'm wanting to use it in this instance when you look at creation in different places that the seven is used it's speaking of something being full and complete so revelation being the book of symbols and even these thunders essentially being a symbol form or something symbolic the seven thunders are symbolic and it's and I'll say this now just in the sense of I'm not saying it's not saying it is but could be I'm not saying it's not seven but what I am saying is that it means more than just seven in other words it's not necessarily meant to be counted but it's symbolic of completion so even if it is actually seven things and we said the seven thunders are seven distinct things then it's not so much the numerology of counting the seven but knowing that it's completion and and we recognize then that there's things that unfold where God is wanting to manifest the complete mystery of himself that it is going to be the Bible is the complete plan of redemption that things have unfolded through all ages until it comes out in the complete where it's fully manifested. There's a full manifestation. So the seven thunders alone are not necessarily I'm wanting to be careful how I say this because what I'm wanting to emphasize tonight is not that we would try to figure out what seven things are or what these seven thunders are but the seven thunders mean completion a time of completion something full something being finished now and I think that's a that's a lot of fun stuff to think about so he says then the heavens couldn't write that heavens can't know about it nothing else because there's nothing to go on. It's a relaxing time. It's so great till it's kept secret from the angels. He says, this is I was reading all that to come to this. Now, why if Satan should get a hold of it, he might do great damage. Yes. Now, notice just how closely that relates to what his scheme in the beginning where Satan is getting in there trying to get a hold of the woman, trying to do great damage, and he succeeded in in bringing forth uh a sin. He succeeded in in interrupting things. But yet, had he known that's what God knew he would do, right? In the final analysis, God put man on that basis. And when Satan worked out that which was necessary in the garden to bring about the plan of God. So this is how Satan works. He's always scheming when he he's there scheming in the wilderness trying to tempt uh the the the Jesus Christ. Had he known that crucifying the Lord of glory was God's plan, he would not have crucified him. So if Satan could get a hold of it, if he could grasp it, if he could know what it was, he would try to do great damage. He said there's one thing he don't know and he says now he can interpret anything he wants to and impersonate any kind of gift. He says I hope you are learning I hope that we can learn this tonight. Satan can interpret anything he wants to and impersonate any kind of a gift. Now I I'm starting to see these things very closely related to where an impersonation is essentially a false interpretation where when one impersonates not with the intent to humor somebody but when one imper impersonates with the intent to deceive that is a false interpretation of that of what it is they're representing. There's there's a if you are who you are, you don't impersonate who you are. You demonstrate who you are because you are who you are. And there might be those who can do a pretty good Aaron Mcgiri impersonation. And if they're trying to present themselves as Aaron McGaryi to fool you into thinking that they're Aaron McGiri, then poor guy, right? What a sad life. All these Yeah, go ahead. Steal someone steals your identity. He's like, I don't know why you'd want that. But there's a there if they're trying to purport to be somebody, that's a false interpretation. So an impersonation is a false interpretation. And he's saying there's two things that he tries to do. Interpret what he wants and impersonate any kind of gift. He says, "I hope you're learning." But he can't know this. It's not even written in the word. It's a total secret. And the angels, everything shut up. If they made one move, it might give something away. So they just shut up. They quit harping. Everything stopped. Seven. God's perfect number. Seven just right down the row. So you following what he's saying? Uh, you know, I was thinking about maybe playing this and and I think you could get it just as easily listening to it, but I wanted to stop and pause, give some emphasis, make you to think about it a little bit as he's walked us through these different steps. If Satan could get a hold of the secret, he would do great damage because he interprets anything he wants to and he impersonate any kind of gift. He says, "I hope you're learning." And then he comes back to the sevens again. And he says, "Seven thunders straight together." And he says, "Like they're spelling out something." So the seven thunders are trying to convey something like they're spelling out something. They mean something. And I want you to think of it. God's number, God's complete, the complete number of God. Notice at that time, John started to write. He said, "Don't write." Jesus never spoke of it. John couldn't write it. Angels knew nothing about it. What is it? It's the thing that Jesus said even the angels of heaven didn't know anything about. He didn't know it himself. Said God only knew it. But he told us when we begin to see these signs coming up. And he says, "And so what what sign is he talking about? The coming of the son of man that no man knows the day or the hour of these things." Those are those are the things he's referring to. Notice we can see these signs coming up. if Satan can get a hold of it. Again, he's coming back to Satan's schemes that if he can get a hold of it, he would do great damage. Now, he gives us this example. He says, "If you want something to happen," he says, "Now, you'll have to take my word for this. If I'm planning on doing something, I know better than to tell anybody about it. Not that the person will tell it, but Satan will hear it." Please listen to what he says. I think this is so relevant to the point he's making. He can't get in my heart there. As long as God's got it closed up with the Holy Spirit. So, it's between me and God. He can't get in the heart. He can't get in that secret place. He can't get in that place where God reveals himself. He don't know anything about it until you speak it, then he hears it. He's saying, "Now, now if I want to do something," he says, "You'll just have to take my word for it. I want you to show you what I mean." that before there if I if I want to do something I just don't go tell people what I'm doing because then Satan will hear what I'm trying to do and he'll try to get out ahead of it and he'll try to keep it from happening. So he says that but if I get something in my heart as long it's between me and God. Satan can't get there. He can't interrupt that until it's too late necessarily when it comes out. He sees it and he hears it but it's too late for him to do something about it. Amen. He said I've tried. I I'll tell people I hope you catch there what I mean is that there's there's something about the revelation of God when it sticks. He says, "I've tried. I'll tell people I'll do a certain thing and watch the devil cut off every will he can to get there to beat me to it. But if I can get the revelation from God and just don't say anything about it, then it's different." So I don't need to do talking. I don't need to do explaining. I don't need to be articulating. I if I can just get the revelation from God. Don't say anything about it, but just do it. I hope you're listening. I hope you're listening to what he's saying. If I can get the revelation from God and I don't need to talk about it, I just need to do it. He said, "Then it's different." There's my emphasis on it. I hope you can just catch what the difference between what he's saying and I'm saying. He says, "Remember, Satan will try to impersonate. He will try to impersonate everything that the church will do. He's tried to do it. We've noticed it through the antichrist. But this one thing he cannot impersonate. There'll be no mimics to this cuz he don't know it. There's no way for him to know it. It's the third pool. He just knows nothing about it. He doesn't understand it. So it is Satan alone here in this instance. Satan. A characteristic of Satan is that he doesn't understand the third pull. Now, it's at this moment that brother Brandham originally stopped the tape and recorded over it. But this is what he begins to say. He said, "But there's a secret laid beneath that. Glory to God in the highest. I can never think the same the rest of my life. I know the next step there, but I don't know what or how to interpret that. It won't be long. I've got wrote down here when it happened. If you stop, he says, it won't be long. I've got wrote down here when it happened. If you can see here, stop. Go no further than this right here. So, he has it written in his note. Stop. And he says, I'm not prone to be a fanatic. I'm just telling the truth. And notice right where he goes. But you remember the little shoe that I always tried to explain how that the soul laid next to so- and so and the inner conscience and all that kind of stuff, which only made a big bunch of impersonations start after it. how you'd have to take the hand and hold the people and have a vibration. Everybody had a vibration in your hand. But you remember when he took me up there and said, "This is that third pull." And no one will know it. He says, "You remember that visions never fail. They're perfectly the truth." It's at this point he does he's he's orienting the people back to the vision he had that had three parts. He's lacing a booty. He's got too big of a lace for the eyelet. He's fishing. He jerks too soon. He gets everybody excited. But then he's carried away to that tent. And there he said, "This will be the third pool. I'll meet you there." And he says, "You've said too much about the other things. You've explained too much. You can't say too much now. Don't explain it. Don't don't try to explain this. You can't do it." And so he says, "I I want to I need to stop right here. I don't want to go any further." Now, he go as he continues, he says, "It's not revealed yet, but I believe it's moving into that cycle." So, brother Brandon was not saying, "All right, this is it. We'll know nothing about it. We'll never know anything about it." But he's saying there should be some expectation or anticipation that whatever this part is that needs interpreting that that it's going to unfold. It's going to move into a cycle where it will be manifest. And so, when he re-records it the next day, I believe it is, he makes this statement. will be and I think this is the first statement he starts with will be a good thing that he doesn't know anything about it. So he so he comes and he stops here. There'll be no mimics to this. There's no way for him to know it. It's the third pull. He just knows nothing about it. He doesn't understand it. It will be a good thing that he doesn't know anything about it because if he did then he would impersonate that. That's his tricks. So he can know it in a way that there's there's something that if he knew it, he would impersonate it. And it's in other words, it's not it's something he can't have. So he's it's something he can impersonate. That's his tricks in doing things. We're looking at his schemes, his temptations. So therefore, God has made it so hid to the world, even to heaven, that there's no way of understanding it. Only as God will reveal it himself. Now, are have you followed me to this point? Are you still with me? Then let's go back to something we emphasized Sunday. What was the emphasis when he came to this? And I know you might be thinking, your title is the simple life. When are you ever going to talk about that? I think this is the simple life. So, what was the emphasis? It's not a misinterpretation. It's not an impersonation, but it's the revelation of the word. And what did he tell us at the very time that these very things are being spoken? Live a good Christian life. He exhorted them to be a humble Christian. He said, "Live for God. Live honesty honestly with fellow man. Love those who don't love you." He gives the examples of being found doing exactly what you're supposed to be doing as a farmer. A as a planter, as a harvester, be doing what you're supposed to be doing. And he said that Satan is an interpreter and as being trying to interpret he becomes an impersonator. He says don't try to interpret the things. Don't try to do anything more than just live a close life giving praise and honor to Jesus Christ. Then he says it this. Now I trust that each and every one of you will serve God and do that which is right and love him all your life and serve him and God will take care of the rest. What will he take care of? reveal it himself. What will he take care of? All these things that relate to this. So, we have to have the proper attitude. We don't want to dismiss it, right? And say, "Well, I read the seven seal book once and I put it away." Or God said, Brother Ram said, "Don't try to interpret it. So, let's just bury it and get it out of our minds and never touch on it again." Maybe we should wrestle with it more. Not to try to interpret it, but to understand what God would want us to know. Because at the core of this is living a humble Christian life, living honestly before mankind, living for God and and living the life if I could put it that way. So this is this has been this is to for me this has been a lot already that I've expressed to you that I think is very very weighty. And now let me add this to it on question and answers on the seals. This backs up those statements I just read to you. So when we come to the seventh seal, he says the devil, he can interpret anything he wants to. He can impersonate any kind of gift. He says, "But these seven thunders are trying to spell something out." And he says, "But this this is the third pool." You got that? I just want I want to point to that so you realize that when we're talking about this next part, they're connected together. So in question and answers on the sills he says then also knowing brother's talking about rivers of water and he says that it's the same stream same water but different channels and he's talking about being pulled in and out of different channels leading up to it and I thought there was a lot we could draw from that but then I realized I'm just maybe starting to get into some areas that might uh belabor this. He said then I'm knowing that right among you things are happening that I just know you don't see it. I'm positive that you don't see it. You say, "Brother Bram, that's a hard thing for you to say. I know it is." But look, let me just say this now and try to take in what he's saying. And not that, you know, not that I'm saying just accept it. Try to, you know, wrestle with it. Think about it. Think about what he's saying here. Let me just say this now. I suppose this just just I I suppose this is just tapes for ourselves and so forth. But let me say this that you don't get it and you're not supposed to get it. So don't try to interpret anything. Don't try to put your interpretation to it. You only get further away. So if you're if you're looking at the letter of it, if you're trying to dissect it, if you're trying to get it all figured out, you say this is to the everyone in general, don't try to do it. You only get further away from it. The more you try to interpret it and figure out, the further away you get. He said, "Just take my advice if you believe me." Now, if God has given me favor in your sight and you know that them revelations, he says, "I've been with you a long time. It's always been right. And now to double prove it, it hooks right in with the word." So, you know that it's thus sayeth the Lord. That's exactly it's proved to you. Now, those that's that's a lot of that's some stuff for brother Bram to say. Uh you shouldn't take that lightly what he's trying to express there. So he says, "Now take my advice as your brother. Don't put your own interpretation to anything. You just go on and live I want you I want to focus on this part. You go on and live a good Christian life because you only wind yourself away from the real thing when you do it. Not from not if you live a Christian life, but if you try to put your interpretation on things, you'll wind yourself away from the real thing." So the only way to stay in the real thing is to continue to live a good Christian life. He says you only wind your way again way again away from the thing. So even he says it in a way it's kind of mysterious. You know the the real thing and the thing. So if I try to figure out the real thing, if I'm trying to interpret and figure out, I'm getting further away from it. But if I live a good Christian life, I'm not getting further away from the real thing. If I'm not trying to interpret and figure it out, I'm not trying to talk about it and explain it to everybody, but I'm just trying to live a good Christian life. I won't wind myself away from it. Now, could it be that you're winding yourself closer to it? Could you get him getting him deeper into it? He says, "And all of you are conscious and know that there's something mysterious happening and it is happening and I know what it is." Well, then just tell us, brother Bam. Just tell us what it is. Said, I'm not saying that. He said, "It's the grace that lets me know that what it is. It's something that's tremendous and it's gone right now and there's not a way in the world for you to see it. But so help me with the Bible in my hand. I know what it is. So please tell us, brother Brandham. It's been told to you before. So just don't try to put any interpretation, but just believe me as your brother." And then he says this, "We're living in a great hour. We're living in a time where the well we're well you just be real humble. I know what it is. I know what it is. I know what it is. We're living in a great time. We're living in a time when well I've been told not to say anything. He even has it in his notes written for later on. Stop. Don't go any further. He's so nervous about it. He records over it and doesn't release the things that he said that that evening before. So when he comes up to this spot, he says, "Just be real humble. Be a Christian and try to live for God and live honest with your fellow man and love those who don't love you. Don't try to make any You see, you do you only make it a mysterious something and mess the real program of God up. So when you're trying to interpret it and not being a real humble Christian, not living for God, not being honest, not loving those who don't love you, and you're trying to be something and be a mysterious something, you mess the program of God up. So let me just invert it for you. So, could it be that if we're humble, living a good Christian life, we'll actually help the we will actually be in the program of God and it will be coming to pass. That if we're doing the opposite, we're messing the program of God up. But if I'm doing exactly that, could that be the program of God? He says, "Yesterday afternoon, something happened in my room that I'll never be able to leave it. About two weeks ago, something happened that I'll never be able to. As long as I live on this earth, I'll never be able to get away from it. Those things seem so mysterious in itself. So, Brother Adam, you're telling us not to be mysterious, but you're playing the game of mystery. He says, "So, but if the church," he says, "if you're not supposed to know these things." I think that that's how I take it. But if the church, you're not supposed to know these things, and the way it's often struck me is that if you don't go to this church and these things aren't for you, then then don't get worried about it. But he says, "So don't put no interpretation to anything. you just go ahead and just remember what you're told. Live a Christian life, go to your church, be a real light wherever you are, and just burn for Christ and tell the people how much you love them. On the on the heels of these things, being very mysterious and wondering what it could be and things that you said, "Oh my, this is could this be the fulfillment of scripture? Could this really be these things that we've read about? Could these things in the scripture be coming to pass? And you think, "Oh, well, this this would make us really mysterious. This would make us really important. This should be a certain way. Something should be happening here." But he says, "Just live for God. Be a Christian." He says, "Cuz if you don't, just let your testimony be with love all with the people all the time. Because if you don't, you twist yourself out into something there and then you're off the beaten track. When you if you don't live a Christian life and go to church, I'm sorry for those who are here. Testimony isn't love all the time with the people. You're off the beaten track. The real thing, the program of God, the the beaten track. He said, "See, every time you try to do it, you've done that. So, just don't try to make no interpretation. And especially tonight when that seal comes up in front of you, just don't interpret it. you. Now, we've already told you what it is, right? It's the third pull. We've already given you the language. We're kind of going backwards, but I want you to hear these things in light of what he was going to say. So, we we've rehearsed what he said, but now we're looking at how he's approached it leading up to it. Don't interpret it. Don't make any interpretation, especially tonight when that seal comes up. Don't try to interpret it. you just go ahead and just be humble. And just go right on with the same plain message. We're fellowshipping with some friends Monday night and the term plain was used. It says, "Well, plain may just it may seem just to be misunderstood, plain or ordinary." And they're talking about something in particular. Says, "But it's not plain, it's simple." I was like, "I kind of like that. I can go with that because it's not plain and ordinary in a worldly sense." But he says, "Keep going on with the same plain message." the same simple message. The message which you've heard, go ahead, be humble, and go on with the same message. Now, you say, and you can see where he's tapping into this mindset that if these things be true, especially when this seal comes up before you tonight, say, "Brother Brandom, we'd be in the church of the living God, shouldn't we?" Well, as I was trying to look here, I want to say, "Why can't I? I ought to have." There's this thought that well if this is the third pole or if this is the word of God if if this is Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever well then shouldn't we and shouldn't we ought to and wouldn't it look like this and shouldn't it do this he says no no you remember I'm saying this for your good I'm saying it so you'll understand if you believe me now listen to what I tell you so he's wanting to caution that gung-ho pepper alley attitude that oh if this is what it is that we should just start cussing the devil, right? And we should just be so bold as to go into the uh the red light district and converting prostitutes and just go into the hospital and start uh casting out demons and healing cancers. In other words, he's thinking there's this renegade idea with this where he's saying that's not the humble life. That's not what we're talking about. Now, this part here to me is amazing. And again, I I I I still want to uh preach as the Lord leads and expound upon it, being faithful to the message. I'm not trying to interpret it myself. I'm not trying to put a spin on it. If I I'll say this, Brother Bam is saying, "Don't interpret it." So, we're not we're not interpreting it. We're just going to say tell you what he said to do. And now you put the two together. But he says this, "Listen to what I tell you." And then he gives this very interesting example. So it says now here's a post and I believe he's po pointing to the post there in Brenham Tabernacle. We'll call that a listening post and he says and in it got radio. So it's a he calls this post a listening post and he says there's a radio in the post and he's asking maybe just as by way of just imagine this there's this post this wooden beam and in it there's a radio. He says there's warnings and things can be done like a sword in your hand. Now the post then with a radio he said it's like a sword in your hand. It can pick up for the evil or pick from only as it gets its message. So a sword in your hand could be used wrongly incorrectly but can also be used for good. So this radio in the post can pick up evil or it can pick from only as it gets its message. He's wanting you to listen to this in light of what he's trying to say about not putting your interpretation to anything, but just live a good Christian life. So now for instance to the ordinary man there's been so much cults and clans rise up over little outpourings of the spirit until people gets all worked up in a bunch of stuff go out and start another little move and you know and things you don't want to do that now he recognizes the temptation to want to go out and start movements to get a little bit to be get worked up. Now, if there's a post and it's a listening post and it's like a sword and it could be used for evil or it could just stay in the channel of the message. He's saying there's times when cults and clans and isms rise up around little outpourings of the spirit that get the people worked up. He says don't you know and things he says you don't do that now just remember just stay the way you are and you say well the Lord showed no now just be careful says now look here let me show you something do you know there's 10 thousands of voices in this room right now literally voices of people that's coming through the electronic waves of radio why don't you hear them they are voices Is that right? They're waving right through here. Now, there's people, forms, and bodies moving right through this room. Now, is that right? Now, could we agree with that? that in some dimension, some dimensional space, there are waves right now that's transmitting, if you want to call it data or frequency, transmitting signals that with the proper equipment, you could interpret that or translate that and express what's in those waves. And he said, "They're here now, but we don't see them or hear them." And that's what he's drawn from. He says, "Why don't you?" He says, "Well, they're actually here like my voice." Well, why don't you hear it? It's got to strike something first to reveal it. Put it just put it together as he's saying it. Now, do you understand? So, just don't interpret nothing. If God wants you to know anything, he'll send it to you. Be a listening post. be be be receive the revelation because in order for it to be heard, it's got to strike something first and be revealed. He says he'll send it to you. So just be real, real solid now. Hold still. He says something has happened now. Just be real. You understand what I mean, don't you? Don't try to make yourself odd to be a Christian because you take yourself away from God. If you can understand it, this is that third pull. You should have caught that the other day. So then just remember there'll be no impersonation like there was of the other two. So just as far as you know now, just remember that there's something taking place in this room. There's something here. There's actual in this room's angels, voice of God. But you can't hear the natural voice without something to send it out. So how are you going to hear the spiritual voice? Now you might make believe that somebody's singing this certain song that might not even be here. But when it actually strikes the crystal that it's supposed to strike, then it gives a true interpretation and vindicates it by showing the picture. Do you realize why Brother Brandham's telling you to keep living the life? Stay solid. Be humble. Stay in your lane. Hold still. Because God's wanting to speak something. And he's got to have a crystal to receive it. And then once it strikes the crystal, it can give the true interpretation and vindicate it by showing a picture. See what I mean? He says, "Now the spirit of God, when it speaks through the true word, it vindicates itself to show itself that it's right." He says, "You understand now? And I I guess I would try to remember what he said earlier. No, because you just said none of us get it. So, but he's he's wanting to understand at least where we are. You may not be able to interpret what's going on here right now, but you but you can, right? There's things hidden. There's things unseen. But if you can be a listening post in the right channel, how do you hear that natural voice until it's communicated? How can you hear the spiritual voice until it strikes the crystal that it's supposed to strike? Now, he says, if you can understand it, that this is the third pull. And he keeps coming to back to that in both of these instances. And he says when it speaks through the true word, he's talking about voices. There's voices here that you can't hear, but if it can come through the right channel, you'll hear it. And he says in look away to Jesus. This is when he he's so certain about the third pool. The third pool is properly identified. We know where it is. So the third pool is here. It's so sacred that I mustn't say much about it. So you see how that connects back with some of these things we're be saying. As he told me in the beginning, say nothing of it. You remember that years ago? He says it speaks for itself. these things what he's point it speaks for itself. You don't try to interpret it. You don't try to talk about it. You don't be the one that goes. He said it speaks for itself. That's the third pull. Those are the things that this relates to. Now, we've done so remarkable on time. We may be able to beat the crowd in and out. I think. Yeah, we're doing pretty good. Now, we know Satan hates Revelation. I'm going to try to wrap this up with and just bring something out of harvest time. We know he hates revelation and he's scheming to stop the word of God from being fulfilled. That's what he's trying to do. We see that even here in the seventh seal that if he knew, he could do great damage. There there there's things that he can't know. It's impossible for him to know. But yet there there's he's scheming. He's conniving. He's trying to get in there and and Sunday we read this statement from the harvest time. He says, we'll get into that in a few m minutes on the three temptations of Jesus. The three temptations of Jesus correspond to the three the temptation of the woman in the garden. They correspond to the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. That is all that is in the world. So these are things that we should consider as believers. Here in the harvest time, he said there's three temptations of Jesus. There's three temptations of ministers today where they make their fall. There's three temptations of the church where they make their fall. There's three temptations of an organization where it makes its fall. And there's three temptations in the individuals and where they make their fall. So, we're not just simply looking at elements of holiness, abstaining from the world and legalism and just a a way of trying to present ourselves and express ourselves in such a way to where we we appear a certain way. We appear righteous, we appear holy, but rather there's a goal that a program that God has. Think about a real program, the real thing, the beaten path, something that God's trying to do. completion, full manifestation, the fulfilling of the word of God in the last days to come out into the complete. There's something that God's wanting you to do. So, Satan's temptations are not just to get you to smoke weed. Satan's temptations aren't trying to get you to this. He's not just trying to to to muddy you up. He wants to stop you from fulfilling the word of God. Wants to make it confusing. He wants to try to get you out on a limb somewhere. He's trying to figure out ways to keep the word of God from being fulfilled like he did with the woman, like he did with Christ, like he's doing to the bride right now because the bride will come face to face with the same temptation that Eve faced and that Christ faced and it will be a temptation by the word. Now, Brother Bam says, "Watch when you get to the end where this temptation come." So he's wanting to orient us to things at the end time, how Satan attempts and how he tries to get us to fall through these different temptations. And we know especially in the trial message, brother calls it, he's a blind interpreter of the word always. That's what he is. He's a blind interpreter. So he doesn't see and interpret. He guesses. He tries to figure out. He tries to make sense of it. And we know that he misinterpreted the word to the woman in the beginning. And by misinterpreting the word to the woman in the beginning, he caused a false manifestation of the promise. So what he's trying to do is misinterpret the word so that if you could believe the misinterpretation, you give an impersonation. You give a false manifestation or a false interpretation of the word. I I know that vindication, interpretation, manifestation, revelation, all these things, they might seem to be maybe uh like buzzwords to try to excite an audience, but it's very practical. Satan's wanting to misinterpret the word of God. He's wanting to misconr construe the message or scripture and try to cause it you to accept it in a way to where you demonstrate it falsely that oh this is what the message teacher or this is what Christ would do. This is what the Bible says. By teaching you and misrepresenting the word of God to you, causing you to be arrogant, causing you to be unrighteous, cause you to be hateful or spiteful, jealous, whatever it might be, he's trying to cause you to falsely confess or falsely profess or falsely manifest life because he's a blind interpreter. He doesn't have it to show you. So, he misrepresents it. And if you take the misrepresentation, you can't bring out a right characterization of it. So listen to what he says in harvest time. This is the this is the theme. The theme of harvest time is built around these principles of Satan tempting Christ in misrepresenting the word in offering to him the supernatural since he couldn't get him away from the word. Now think about that. He couldn't get him to deny the word. So he made him a supernatural offer, hoping that in that scheme, he could get him to misinterpret the word by working in a channel that wasn't God's perfect will. So brother Bham says this, "But Jesus said, when the spirit of truth has come," this is from harvest time, "He will bring these things that I've taught you to your memory, the word, and he will also show you things to come." There is the real spiritfilled church now stays with the word reflects the word God on earth. The real spiritfilled church is God on earth. He doesn't need any theologian because his word is of no private interpretation. Now when he says don't try to interpret anything, he's not implying it'll never be interpreted. He's saying that God needs to interpret it. He said it's moving into that cycle. So he said there will never be any interpretation to these things. He's saying man won't interpret it. Don't try to interpret it. Don't try to figure it out. Just keep living the life. So he says about God, he interprets his own word by vindicating it and proving it. It's the truth. And he says when the this part to me is very striking. When the Methodist church told you you couldn't receive the Holy Ghost like they did on the day of Pentecost, did you pay any attention to it? Certainly not. You went right along and got the Holy Ghost anyhow. So, think about the next step. He's preaching this in Phoenix. He's preaching it to the Pentecostals. He's preaching a very direct, specific way. It's very, very pointed. And he he's saying, "Learn from your own example that when the Methodists said you couldn't have the Holy Ghost, couldn't have the restoration of the gifts, did you listen to it?" He said, "No, you went on and got the Holy Ghost anyhow." giving them example of that Leodysian age that time period that time frame what was happening he's saying now God interprets his word by bringing it to pass by vindicating it proving it to be the truth isn't that what God did in your own time now continuing a little bit later he says just as I've told you just as you have to have dead substance there to live by you have to have Christ to live by here to live by here or you die remember the the vegetarian was getting onto him he said, "Man, I used to have a lot of respect for you, Brother Brand, until I found out you ate meat." And you know that that sensitivity, you didn't want something to die. And brother Brand says, "Well, no matter what it is, it has to die. You know, the sentient radish, it's got to die just the same on your salad, right? There's there if there's if there's going to be any substance you're going to get out of it, right? Had to have lived." And he says, "What is Christ?" You have to live by Christ. And he says, "What is Christ?" In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And you are the same written epistle, one for one age and one for another for the light of that hour, but they failed to see it. You reflect it only. So here you are reflecting it. God on earth, he said he doesn't God doesn't need a man to interpret it. He interprets his own word by vindicating it himself. And he says, "Now you are a written epistle to reflect the light of that hour." Same sermon. He says, "And I've said God don't need no interpreter. He interprets every word himself. You don't need somebody to interpret it to you. God interprets it to you when you're willing to accept it. That's the life. That's life itself. I'm reading these things so you could understand." And I realize that I wish I had more time and we'll just have to amplify this uh kind of bring some of these things out more together at a later time. But notice how some of these things that seem to be the real kernel, these real deep things about the the the light of the hour, you being a reflection of it a and the word being made manifest, the word being interpreted. And he says God wants to interpret it to you if you're willing to accept it. And then through the interpretation, he says that's life itself. Amen. That's God interpreting it. Right now, there's voices going through this room. Right now, the voice of God is here. Right now, God himself is here, but it's got to strike something first in order to reveal it in order to give the understanding of it so it can be lived. He said that's the life. That's life itself. So, he comes to this statement which is the the very very uh uh we see this quite frequently. And in that day, Luke 17:30, when the son of man is being revealed, this is harvest time, not man, the son of man, not an organization, the son of man, the word itself again, excuse me, the word living itself again among the people. The word itself made flesh in you. The to teach the message is not a history class. It's a future class. That's right. He says it's the message in you. You are a reflection of the this hour. The message reflection of it. Go back to what he was saying in question and answers the listening post the crystal. Think about how things are Satan can't interpret it. He can't make it out. He says you live again. Live the life that was in Jesus Christ. You're in the presence of the son. He said then what happens? What happens to that church? Finally, listen. The shuck pulls away from the wheat. When it begins to be manifested, what happened? The life that was in the shuck went out into the wheat. The life won't change. The carriers change. They denominate the blades, the tassel, the shuck. But the wheat can't change. It's got to be a ministry just exactly on the word like he was on the word and like the first church was on the word. Spiritfilled, wordfed, not denominational fed. Wordfed. Harvest time. When the grain has come to maturity where you can eat it, it can be enjoyed. It can it can be used for the purpose that it was sewn into the ground for. At any of those other stages, it's not complete yet. At any of those other stages, it hasn't come to its purpose. No matter how much it shimmerred, no matter how much it manifested, no matter how much life was in it, when it comes to the grain, it comes to the seven. It comes to the completion. It comes to the fullness. Amen. And he says spiritfed, excuse me, spiritfilled and word fed. We That's a word you've got to feed on. And what is it that happens in Revelations 10:es 10 and 11? I took the book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it says, "And when I ate it, it was sweet in my mouth, bitter in my belly." He had to take the book and eat it. There's so much s rich symbolism in this. The seven thunders are it's they're revealed in this open book. This is the complete plan of redemption. This is this is the the mystery of Christ. And then once he's eaten the book and we don't we wouldn't know. We're not let's just say we're watching John eat the book. I think they have a lot of uh things they do these days, a lot of memes where you're supposed to eat something and keep a straight face or maybe drink a 2 liter of Dr. Pepper and not burp. all the different games the kids play these days. And so maybe John could have eaten it and just sat there stonefaced. Like, well, was it sweet? Was it bitter? Only he would know what it tasted like. Only he knew what it felt like. But then in verse 11, he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." Thou must prophesy again. This prophesying again is connected to the contents of the book. It's connected to this this symbolic taking of the book and eating it and the sweetness in his mouth but the bitterness in his belly. These things are being represented to us in a way to where uh uh this is something that has to transpire. Something unfolds and he says thou must prophesy again then before many peoples, nations, tongues and kings. In other words, this this book which has been eaten that was sweet in your mouth and bitter in your belly, now you that has tasted it, you that has felt the effects of it, you have got to prophesy it. And in feast of the trumpets, brother Brandon refers to Malachi 4 and he says in Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He remains forever the word, the word made manifest. That's exactly what he declared. the pro prophets. A prophet doesn't mean a only mean a seer or foreteller. It means a revealer of the word that's written in his own life, his own works reveals and vindicates the word of that day. Like Noah building the ark, Moses down there, whatever more any promise, the promised word of that hour. So what is it that we're doing when we prophesy? Again, we're not trying to foretell the truth. We're not trying to predict what will happen. We're not trying to figure out what has been. But when we are foretellers, when we are prophesying again, then we reveal the word that's written by our own lives, by our own works. It reveals and vindicates the word of this day. Amen. Just like Noah building the ark. The ark, Noah's works and his product was a manifestation of the secret revelation that God told him it's going to rain to build an ark. Same with Moses. And same for us who must prophesy again. The bride's going to be the final voice to the final age. And we all want to get in line so we could stand on a platform say, "Thus sayaith the Lord." How about you just live it? You get into the harvest time. to hopefully touch on this soon. Brother Brandham is identifying Satan's schemes and how so much of it is caught up in people missing it because of all the fantastic. And one of the earmarks of missing it is false prophecy. One of the earmarks of missing missing this is false prophecy. When someone says, "Well, you've got this problem." I could point some people who are tired tonight. I had my neighbor, he's a pastor, Bill. He was he started a church in in LA. He pastored there for 40 years. He's retired and just become a such a good friend. He texted me last night because the Texas Rangers are playing the Los Angeles Dodgers. His teams are the Dodgers. He text me right at game time and said, "God told me the Dodgers five, the Rangers won." So by the time I had a chance to check the score, it was three to one Dodgers. And I'm like, "You're looking like a prophet right now." And he wrote back after the Dodgers had scored six runs. And said, "I'm always 100% because God sometimes changes his mind." And I just laughed and said, "I love it." You know, because God changes his mind, but not about his word. And there's such a slippery thing where people will prophesy and say things in the name of the Lord and it never happens. Brother Bam said this is one of the things that distracts people. This is one of the schemes he uses to get everybody caught up. And this is why he says, "Don't become cultish. Don't get started up in another movement. Don't try to become something we're not. Stay with the simple message." To prophesy again is to reveal the word that's written. Even that word which you are a written epistle of. For the bride to prophesy again, we have to reveal the word that's written. The light has to strike something first to reveal it. The light has to strike the word to reveal it. And it's not I I almost feel like it's like now now I could repreach it all and it might make more sense. But when God reveals something in your heart and you know it's him, you don't have to say anything about it. You just prophesy it in your life by your works and that will reveal and vindicate the word for this day. The brothers could come to their instruments. I'm going to end up in a spot that I think is so obvious. Brother Brand when he's preaching Revelation chapter 4 part 3, he's preaching the throne of mercy. This is in the revelation of Jesus Christ series that he preaches in ' 61. He said, "Everybody can't be a preacher." Brother Philip might say, "Preacher, what's a preacher?" He said, "But if you can't preach the people a sermon," he says, "If you're a preacher, you're called to the pulpit to preach." And so that's what I've done tonight. He says, "If you're not, you're still a preacher. But live the people a sermon. Let your sermon be lived. And it's the voice of God that'll bring reproach to them who reject it. They say, "No one could have put a finger on his life or her life. They're sweet living. If there ever was a man of God, it's that man or that woman." He says, "Live your sermons. Don't try to preach them. If you're not called to be a preacher, you get all mixed up anyhow and messed up and you get people tangled up and you know well you'll ruin them and yourself too. Just live your sermon. It's not the right. It's not your tongues. It's not your talking. It's not your speaking. He says when you do that, he says you get it all mixed up. You get it tangled up. You'll ruin them and yourself too. He said just live your sermon. The preacher's called to preach his and to live it, too. If he can't live it, then stop preaching it. You can amen louder. You can say amen to that. If the preacher, he has to preach it, but he's called to live it, too. And if he can't live it, then stop preaching it. And it seems sometimes if he can't live it, he just preaches it harder. But you're supposed to live your sermons. All right. Here were voices. Remember how when he's preaching question and answers on the seals, there's voices, hidden voices. There's a program of God. Hold steady. Gets to the harvest time. He starts bringing some of these things out. Feast of the trumpet. He starts bringing these things out in clear detail. But here he's saying this. There's voices. Oh, what we need in Jeffersonville. Thousands of lived voices. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives, walking around the earth today without blemish. I didn't count. It might be seven. I don't know. But this is what we need. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness, holiness, purity, undefiled lives. Walking around the earth today without a blemish. Yes, sir. Real Christians, that's thunder against the enemy. Amen. The devil don't care how loud you can holler. The devil don't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. But what hurts the devil is to see that sanctified holy life consecrated to God. Say anything to him, call him anything, just as sweet as it can be and move right on. That throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. That's the it is written in this hour. We're not continuing with the devil face to face having a conversation with him in the same way that the woman did in the garden. We're not contending with the devil face to face in the same way that Jesus did in the wilderness where they had a conversation and the woman could have said it is written we shall not eat of every tree in the midst of the garden and left it there. But Satan followed it up and she could have stayed with it was written. When Satan used his scheme on Jesus, he said command these stones to be made bread. And he said it is written man shall not live by bread alone but by every word he has to live and he can only have life by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. And it shut Satan up. Amen. So he said, "Oh, I can't shake him from the word. So I'll quote the word to him and I'll entice him to do something supernatural and I'll bait him into something." And Jesus stood there and said, "It is written." And then once again, he comes back to it the third time. It is written. And the final voice to the final age. It's not us using our lips to constantly say it is written. Well, you know the message says not to do that and you know the the Bible says not to do this. It's it's not in that. It's in living the life. The living the life is the response. It is written because you become the interpretation of it is written. You become the manifestation of it is written. [Music] That's the thunder now. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. [Music] This is the simple life. This is the life we ought to live. Living it in sweetness and sanctification and holiness, a consecrated life. Well, why would he? Now, this is where I'm This is where I'm tracking. Now, why why would he attack us? Why would he try to confuse us on a promise? Not because we would believe the wrong thing alone, but if we don't see the right thing, we can't be the right thing. So his scheme, his goal at the end of the day is to keep the word from being fulfilled. So he wants to confuse you on the promise somewhere in it so that it's not fulfilled. So what he's trying to do is find some way to tempt us to the three three temptations so that the word of God isn't being manifested. Because the power of a manifested life, it's going to be the salvation for people. They're going to see your life and they're going to want to come to Christ. Not in the explanation of it, but in the holiness, being undefiled, living those pure lives. That's the thunder. That's the it is written against the enemy in this hour. Could we pray together as you stand to your
