################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-08-28 - 51 The BIG Three Pt. 8 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-08-28
Title:   51 The BIG Three Pt. 8
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmlI80QLfqU
========================================

Description:
The House of the Lord
51 The BIG Three Pt. 8
Wednesday Service: August 28, 2024
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
As we mentioned, we're going to continue on the big three. I feel that every time we say this uh that it might bear some explaining what we mean by the big three, but it's that satanic trinity of the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. And we've seen the symmetry of the desiring of the lust of the flesh being akin to the desire for money and the filthy lucer and the love of money is the root of all evil and how that even in the lust of the eyes that it's uh connected with that lust of the flesh that lusting after something you see how it can be that lusting in a physical sense after something uh in a that not necessarily in a physical sense but in that spiritual sense we saw that in the temptation of Christ the temptation of the woman in the beginning. And so tonight, just in this uh outset in discussing uh the the pride of life, I want us to recognize its association with popularity. We can bring it to Jude 11 wherein there's the gain saying of Korus. So we have the heir of Balum um and the way of Cain and then we have the gain saying of Kora. There's your three. and then how that now this popularity and this temptation of popularity is represented by King Saul. So we read some of his story tonight. So the big three is all that is in the world and we know that it's designed by Satan and uh directed by Satan as a temptation to all that he might delude us uh and also ultimately I believe to destroy us, cause us to fail. And I was thinking about this earlier today and I think I began just to move some things around so that we could give more context to this on Sunday. But really at the heart of this faith in the word is the only protection against these things. That it's faith in the word. Faith and word together. Faith in the word of God. No, you can't put faith in something else. But faith in the word is the only thing that has absolute power over the lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. And in order for any of those things to thrive in our soil or to gain root in our lives, there has to be something lacking in our faith, right? Uh the word's perfect. There's nothing wrong with the word, but there's got to be some deficiency somewhere in order for those things to begin to take root and grow. And and I say that by no means to discourage you. I say it just to so we could be like, "Oh, well, that's why this is becoming problematic. I need to feed my faith by the word of God to become a little bit more robust to overcome fear and complexes and these different things. Now, I'm going to I want to jump right into uh pride of life. And we mentioned this before how uh Jude says and they've gone in the with in in the gains of Kora. And we realized that Kora and his group rejected the prophet and the word of God because they wanted a part of the leadership. Moses, you and your family put too much on yourself. we being Levites, we should have a place in the priesthood. And they didn't want it because they really wanted to help. They wanted to show off. They wanted to be just as visible as Moses and his family. So, uh there's a little bit of in the pride of life, I want you to think in terms of showing off wherein you may do something, but your motive and objective is essentially to be seen or acknowledged. So, the pride of life is the desire for recognition. That hunger for prestige and for honor. Maybe to say it in a less nefarious way, it's it's the longing to be accepted. And immediately we all should go, "Ooh, really?" Right. That that's the pride of life. Oh, I forgot. I wanted to welcome Bella here tonight. And I've completely forgotten all my announcements. It's good to have you both here tonight. Bella, it's good to see you. But they there's this des this longing for acceptance. Well, as you get to the heart of that, sometimes it's it's not coming from a really good place, even though we could understand it, but it's the pride of life. There's this coveting praise. You're you're jealous for rank or clout or uh or or to be status. You want to be identified. And I believe the world has caught on to this and that's why you can earn badges. And there's ways that you can signify through social media who you are. Uh I think what I did on my WhatsApp some time ago is I actually put verified on my profile so that people would be like, "Wait, how do you get that? How do you I want to be verified. I'm willing to pay for it." And and so there's just this desire to to achieve certain ranks and certain statuses. And I think the world has recognized that. And so pride of life is connected with that showing off that pretense for the purpose of acceptance or recognition. And when I say that, we should think about the Pharisees who according to the word of God acted not that they might keep the law, but tried to keep the law in such a way to where it's like, hey, did anybody see that? Anybody notice what we did? And so in Matthew chap 23:es 5 and 6, but all their works they do for to be seen of men that they make broad their felacttories and enlarge the borders of their garments and love the uppermost rooms at feast and the chief seats in the synagogues and greetings in the markets and to be called of men rabbi. Rabbi, this is what is in their heart. They may be doing things that it they may be pious and they're acting in a way that appears to be righteous. And they seem to be keeping their distance from the world, but they're doing it to be seen of men. And they make their Bibles really, really big, so people know they're carrying the the word of God. And and they enlarge the borders of their garments so they appear more holy. And they love, notice this, the upper rooms at feasts, right? There's a there's a separate table for the ministry. There's they're they're better. They're a separate class. the upper rooms and the chief seats in the synagogues. They want people to see them when they come in. They want to be on the platform for people. Oh, there's a rabbi. Oh, he's here. He's there. And the greetings in the market. They want people to know who they are. Rabbi, rabbi. It's like that story I heard one time where this traveler who I guess maybe was semi famousamous or thought that they were somebody and they were really really upset and they're at the ticket counter wanting to board their flight and they're not getting attention. They cut line and uh and it's like I I I want to be heard. I I have a problem. I want to be heard. And he and the lady said, "You can get in the back of the line like everyone else." And he said, "Ma'am, do you know who I am?" So she just looked at him and she got on the intercom and she said, "Attention everyone at gate 28. If anybody knows who this man is at the counter, he seems to have forgotten who he is." And so the question, "Do you know who I am?" A lot of times maybe come in the place maybe you don't know who you are because you think too much of yourself. But that would be these rabbis who wanted to be recognized and acknowledged and that's why they looked the part. We've we've gone through this in great detail already. How that in Luke chapter 4 in the temptation of Christ in the wilderness when Jesus was tempted with the lust of the eye, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life, uh which correspond to the temptation of the woman in the garden that when Satan said, "Well, let's come to the pinnacle of the temple in public before all the people and you jump and if you are the son of God, God will save you because this is what he said." And it's not it's not acting in a manner in obedient to obedience to the word of God so that God fulfills his word but it's showing off doing it public show doing it in a way that people say oh well this is what God said this Messiah would do and he wouldn't let his foot be dashed against a stone he was doing it because oh the Bible says you shall take up deadly serpents and they shall not harm you. So we pass out the snakes to what? Show off. or we act in a way to try to prove who we are that we're sons of God by being able to manufacture a promise of God. And so he says, "If you're the son of God, jump and God will save you and that'll prove that you're the son of God." And with the woman in Genesis 3:6, when she saw with her eyes that the tree was be to be desired to make one wise, and what was at the heart of that? To make her godlike, right? But not truly godlike. godlike in the way that Satan wanted to be God. Satan had an image of God and it was a perverted image yet he wanted to be like that. So it was in her mind she wanted to become godlike. It's rooted in that desire to make one wise. That desire for worldly knowledge. It's rooted in the pride of life. Now the pride of life is connected to Saul. We see this in the message of the hour that that sin of Saul was um the pride of life. I say the pride of life, but we know Saul's connected with popularity. This coveting for honor and applause. Keep this in mind too about Saul since I'm sure you're all very familiar with his life story that ultimately with Saul, it's manifested in his unwillingness to repent because of his pride. Right? So, this is at the heart of a Saul complex or the manner of Saul. And brother Brandham makes this statement in 1956. He says, I know there's two or three things that a minister has to watch and one of them is money. So, money, women, popularity, and so forth. And we've showed that that's not just for preachers, it's for people, right? And that uh if a preacher has to keep these things clean, keep himself clean in these things, it's because he's going to teach you to keep yourself clean in these things. And he doesn't want to undermine that teaching. He said, "So, I made a pledge to God and found out that Samson fell because of Delilah, the woman, and I found out that Saul fell because of, he says, pride." Right. And so the money, women of popularity, it's connected as popularity is connect with pride. Balam fell because of money and all those things are written for our example. Said the book of Hebrews. We're learning from these. They're written for our example. He says, "And we watch those things and keep the blood covered between us and those things." There's your secret. Keep the blood that buffer of the blood of Jesus Christ between you and those things. So Saul Saul's sin or Saul's temptation or his weakness as it was man as Balam manifested the weakness to money Samson the weakness to women we could see that in Saul there was a weakness to popularity and popularity if we just used a definition that fits for our English language and for those of us who are familiar with the word it's being beloved by people that doesn't sound too bad to be beloved by people it's being liked or admired and supported by many and to be popular is to be well-liked or admired by or enjoying the favor of the people. So popularity is that condition or state of being well-liked by people admired by the people or enjoying popular is enjoying the favor of the people. And I would say that we could find a way just to kind of massage that a little bit and said that the the uh the uh popularity is being accepted by many people or having this particular opinion of you. And there's a way that in speaking of it, we wouldn't kind of have a resistance to it. But the Bible cautions us about popularity. In Luke 6:es 24- 26, it says, "But woe unto you that are rich, for ye have received your consolation." There's these woes that he begins to express here in chapter 6. And one of them is to the wealthy or the rich. And what does he say about him? Not even not trying to use even an analogy. Just says, you know, it's hard for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of heaven. like a camel through an eye of the needle. And he and he's just being very literal, but he's using this exaggeration to say that's how hard it is. Paul, we're taught that many that be rich fall into a snare. And James, they fall into a snare and a temptation and a trap. And so, it's at the heart of these temptations to be drawn to these things. And Jesus said, "Woe to you that are rich. You've received your consolation. Woe unto you that are full, for you shall hunger. Woe you into that laugh now, for you shall mourn and weep." There's a lot that we could mine out of this. But then he says, "Woe unto you when all men shall speak well of you, for so did their fathers to the false prophets." We'll be coming to a scripture in Samuel a little bit later, maybe we could bring this out in some greater detail. Just not sure if we'll have the time. But we can't we can't take this scripture to mean that you're better off if everybody speaks evil of you, right? because that it just might be easy to make that happen for all the wrong reasons. So, there's something about what he's saying that's not just uh we should say, "Well, everybody hates me and nobody likes me, I'm going to go eat some worms or however the song goes." And and because you're a narcissist, because you're a liar or you're a serial serial killer, that's why everyone doesn't like you. And you just say, "Well, the Bible says, you know, beware if if people like you." There's something more to this that's being expressed. Woe unto you when men speak well of you, for so did their fathers to the false prophets. And the sermon, we read this recently in the sermon, to whom should we go? Brother Brham is speaking about Christ. He says he's the only eternal salvation. We may have a lot of other foundations, but Christ is the only eternal salvation foundation. He says everything else will fall except Christ. And that's nothing but the truth. Everything else will fall but Christ. He says your money doesn't have an eternal foundation. So we're looking at these woes that that Jesus is talking about. You cannot have an eternal foundation upon popularity. That's the great sin of America is trying to be popular. Women trying to dress popular, men trying to act popular. So where in a woman's temptation might be to the lust of the eye and those things that are pleasing to the eye, uh the man here is tempted to uh this to leads to men trying to act popular. Notice how this popular, we're all we're all kind of caught up into it. He says, "Being popular, I hope you hear this because this is really at the heart of this study. Being popular, popularity usually leads to sin and disgrace." And so, if you were a sinner in high school, you could say, "Well, I was kind of popular when I was in high school." But being popular leads to sin and disgrace. He says, "Tree or four marriages and all kinds of stuff. It has no eternal foundation." Now, that that kind of is eye-catching that being popular usually leads to sin and disgrace. So, someone is wellknown or famous uh or there's some reason why they're renowned and they have a name amongst the people, it doesn't mean they're destined for sin, but there's something about human nature when joined with uh broad acceptance to where there's this temptation. and he says multiple marriages and he's saying being popular, being accepted, being the cool guy, having a lot of friends doesn't necessarily mean that you're uh that you're secure. And and if you are in that status, it doesn't necessarily mean that you're going to fall. But you have to be more careful because popularity tends to lead to sin and disgrace. Even the Bible says when a man has a lot of friends, he shows himself friendly. But it's not necessarily speaking that if you want to have a lot of friends, be friendly, though it speaks to that proposition. But a man who wants to have a lot of friends has to spread himself really really thin to make a lot of people happy and usually doesn't have those close friends uh that really know him and appreciate him for who he is but they just want to be popular and accepted. So it says beware when all men or woe on you when all men speak well of you. This is that sin of pride this danger of popularity. And when we are tempted to the pride of life or popularity, I'm wanting to kind of use them as one and the same. It is a snare and it is a trap. As brother Brandham is saying, being popular usually leads to sin. That means that there's a trap in being broadly accepted. There's a there's a snare when we're tempted to want to act in a way that to make others want to be a part of or make us a part of what they're doing. In John 15:E 19, I want you to catch just uh the the heart of this. If you were of the world, the world would love his own. But because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. We do not instinctively embrace hate. Some people may, they may be quick to do it, but there's a lot of suffering and there's a really complicated character narrative when there's people who in their adult life just instinctively embrace hate. But we don't instinctively do it as humans. We're we're not welcoming of rejection. If anything, in the society that we live in now, we're kind of all being coddled to be comfortable and wherein where we should in some cases embrace being uncomfortable and and be willing to experience difficulty. But this speaks to the human condition that when someone hates you, it generally will hurt even if you don't know them. I'm sure that if I if I came up to you and said, "I met this guy and he absolutely hates your guts." You who? Who? And it may not be something you ever met before, but it like, you know, I don't like the fact that they hate me. They've never met me. How do they know that? Or like, oh, you mean someone hates me? That's awful. I wish they could meet me that so they know I'm not really a bad person. And so, it's natural for us to not want to be hated. It's certainly natural to not want to be rejected. And many of us understand the pain that comes with that. So Jesus is saying, listen, if the world hates you, know that they hated me before they hated you. And the reason why they hate you is because you're not of them and that you've been chosen out of the world. So there is just on the most basic level this idea that you cannot be friends with the world and be a friend of God. You can't just be broadly accepted by the world and like, man, the world loves me. Everybody loves me. Everyone everywhere just thinks I'm a great guy. and actually really really really be living in the truth. And I would say as much as I have it in my heart to be a witness to the community and as much as I believe I have a grace for those in different lifestyles and different backgrounds and their sinful living and and whatever they might have been mixed up in and whatever their life stories are and I I want to be respected by people in the community and I want fellow uh people I work with and different professionals and clients, you name it. I I want to have a good report and a good testimony, but I realize if that's all I'm after, it would lead me to compromise when certain subjects come up and I'm like, "Oh, well, that's great." Or you try to compromise in different social situations, and brothers here may know this very well, that you find yourself in some sort of mandatory meeting or conference, and guess what? There's drinks being served. You don't want to alien anything. You don't want to be out oddball. You could find yourself being pressured what to assimilate or fit in because you you want to be a witness. You want to be friendly. You don't want to make anybody feel bad. This is all connected with this pride of life and popularity. But there is a point at which you must stand for the word of God. And that's when thousands of people would leave you. That's when people would turn against you. Now, we're not doing we're not being persecuted for evil's sake. It's like, well, you lied. You did this. You did that. But when we do well and we're hated, that's not what Jesus is saying when he says, "Beware when men everyone speaks well of you." But he and and in this scripture that they hate you. They don't hate you for evildoing. As Peter said, "They hate you for welloing." And Jesus says, "Woe unto you when all men shall speak well of you." And and he says, "For so did their fathers to the false prophets." What did they do? The fathers in Israel spoke highly of the false prophets. They spoke well of the false prophets. Well, why? Micah says it this way. Chapter 2 11. If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink, he shall even be the prophet of this people. What's the scripture saying? That if he tells you what you want to hear, he's your prophet. If he's prophesying strong drink and he's prophesying to you wine, he's prophesying to you years of blessing and he's yay sayaeth the Lord, although you have rejected me, I'll pour out my blessings upon you regardless for you are forever betrod to me, regardless of your harlotry and your wanderings. You are my beloved forever and I'll never forsake you. And everybody's like that is a vindicated prophet if I've ever heard one. And it's this temptation. This is the pressures of popularity. In other words, a prophet, one who a false prophet speaks kind words to the people so that they will embrace him, so that they will accept him and that they will acknowledge him as being the prophet of his people. So Jesus says, "Beware and woe unto you when all men speak well of you." Because so did the people speak well of false prophets because he wanted to be accepted and he was giving them what they wanted and they were happy to accept somebody who wasn't speaking the truth. And in John 12:es 36-43 well let's start with verse 40. He hath blinded their eyes and hardened their heart. It's it's quoting from Isaiah. That they should not see with their eyes nor understand with their heart and be converted and I should heal them. And this is preceded by Christ speaking of walking in the light. And he says these things said Isaiah when he saw his glory and spake of him. Now Christ has been prophesied by Isaiah. Christ is the Messiah and there's many whose eyes are blind and their hearts are hardened. But then it says this in verse 42. Nevertheless, among the chief rulers also many believed on him. So there are those who fulfilled the prophecy of their eyes being blind and their hearts hardened. But now this is a category of people who we could say hearts aren't necessarily hardened or their eyes aren't blinded. But because of the Pharisees, they did not confess them, lest they should be put out of the synagogue. So there were uh chief rulers uh uh well-known people of that day, some sort of standing whose eyes were not blinded, nor were their hearts hardened. So in their hearts they said, "This must be the Messiah. This is him." They're they're not of the ilk that Isaiah is prophesying of. But because if they confessed Christ, they'd be kicked out of their church. They kept their mouth shut. They didn't say anything. Why? Verse 43. For they love the praise of men more than the praise of God. This is the pride of life. This is popularity. When you love the praise of men, the acceptance of men, the assimilation into a group or the acknowledgements amongst a certain uh number of people. When you love the praise of men, the popularity, the acceptance, the belonging more than the compliments of God, more than the praise of God, wherein he's pleased with you because you have simply believed and kept his word. This is at the heart of the sin of popularity or the weakness, the temptation of popularity, the pride of life being connected with this desire to be admired, the desire to be accepted. We can say popularity is being well-liked and and accepted by many people and being beloved u supported by many uh broadly accepted by a lot of people. If that's what popularity is, the temptation of popularity is that you would want to be accepted by many, that that that works on you, that if you feel like you were going to lose some followers, right? You wouldn't dare post something that might cause you to lose followers. If anything, people will just do the craziest things in order to get them. Why? Because they they want a following. Now, Saul is a great example, and I I'm hoping that we don't belabor anything tonight, and we'll try to make it through a little bit on Saul and pick up on it Sunday morning. Saul is an example of how that all of us can be tempted with the pride of life and and this popularity. He's a king. He's well known in scripture, but he represents something that every person struggles with. Some struggle with things uh privately and they struggle with things in and they're not on the stage. But Saul is somebody that's put on a stage and struggles with something that's very common to man. We realize according to the scripture, there's no temptation that have taken you but such as common to man. And then Jesus Christ was tempted in all points and like manners we were. And so there's those that suffer on a grand stage. There's those that have suffered in public and they do it not to say, "Oh, well that's the dangers of being king and good thing none of us are part of the royal family, right? But that's not the point. It's the point that this is this is common to man. And brother Brandham said and through popularity about Saul, he wanted to be big and above someone else and he fell by this. Now notice that when we get to the scripture, Saul was quite tall. He was already above everybody else. But that wasn't enough. He fell by this, brother Bam said. And brother Brandham equated these things and he makes this tag to one of these statements. trying to think you're just a little better than somebody else. And if I could say this, when you think you're better than somebody else, you'll often speak and act to prove it. Whether that means you try to do things to make yourself look good or things to make someone else look bad, right? We could probably just break out into sessions, just do breakout groups on that right there. Think about it. If you think you're better than somebody else, you're generally going to act in some way to prove it. And Saul's undoing is rooted and and this is very important for me to say this now. If we have time to read through these scriptures, I want you to catch this now. So I' I've been reading through the life of Saul, studying the life of Saul, and I want to say this before we get to the scripture. His failure, his undoing, his fallen is rooted in the opinion he had of himself or how he viewed himself and how he viewed in his opinion of the praise of others. He had a complex. He had a complex about the way he saw himself and he had a complex about what how others saw him. We often talk about a Saul complex and we speak of a Saul complex as it relates to Saul looking at David, the one who would inherit his throne or some young buck who's coming up and how he was uh seeking to kill him and didn't want his throne taken away from him. But before we see how it manifest in that murderous spirit, then it's important to come back and see what it was like in Saul in its innocence and find out what was the source of this Saul complex we talk about, right? What made him that way? And you'll find it's how he viewed himself and it's how he viewed others. And it was his pride that drove him to prove himself to himself and to prove himself to others. In 1st Samuel chapter nine, let's just start with verse 17. We read already these things and how that uh Saul is well we could have gone back further and how that Saul was looking uh for the livestock that had gotten away and that the Lord had appeared unto Samuel and said there's going to be one coming and as Saul approaches and he's going to find the seer's house according to the the maidens that gave directions and you you'd find all this uh in prior in this chapter and when Samuel saw saw Saul the Lord said unto him behold the man who I spake to thee of this same shall reign over my people. So we read how that Saul draws near and he says, "Is this the prophet's house?" And Samuel says, "I am the prophet. Come with me to a high place and we shall eat and and tomorrow you can leave and I'm going to tell you things that are in your heart." And to prove in verse 20 that he's this prophet, he says, "Your asses that were lost three days ago." There's this uh pinpointing these things. Uh don't worry about them. They've been found. And he makes this extraordinary statement. Now, I think I've given you enough already. And I can say that as you read this story, starting in chapter nine there. There's not a lot a lot of other context to Saul except one part that we'll read here in a moment, but that his Israel wants a king. His his asses are missing of his father's stock. He's going out to find him and Saul is looking for him. And now he says, "And on whom is all the desire of Israel?" What is all the desire of the people looking to? and projected to and what is it they want and what is it they're longing for and he says is it not on thee and in all thy father's house as quite a statement and Saul answers and says in verse 21 not I a Benjamite of the smallest of the tribes of Israel now think of that and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin wherefore then speakest thou so to me and when we read that I know we're first thinking man Saul that's my always humble. Saul wasn't so much humble as he was insecure. Right. And so immediately he's demonstrating his insecurity when the pro prophet says, "All the desire of Israel is upon you in your father's house." He's like, "Well, we are the smallest tribe and what's so great about my family in the tribe of Benjamin?" He's fixated on his family's reputation and the size of the tribe that there's things that are that are kind of in his orbit that he's thinking about and he demonstrates this insecurity. Matt, may seem humble, and I don't want to necessarily paint a different picture of Saul at this point, but I I do want you to recognize that though it seems humble, it foreshadows this insecurity in Saul's heart. That it's what he says isn't like, "Oh, I'm I'm nothing." He throws off on his dad, right? I'm gonna be something. Have you ever met Brother David? Huh? You ever seen my brothers? Right. He's not honest about himself. He's just immediately starts throwing his family under the bus and the whole tribe. He says, "So, how could you say this to me? We're a small tribe. I wish maybe he's thinking, man, I wish I was part of a Levite or I wish I was in the tribe of Judah." And so, there's something about this that I want you to just read and you're free just allow the Lord to speak to you however you want to, but let's just suggest or propose right now that could this be insecurity on uh Saul's part. And let me say that insecurity is often rooted in pride. Sometimes we think, oh, it's weakness, it's smallalness, it's it's humility. No, a lot of times our insecurity comes back to pride. I I'll say it this way. A lack of trusting God and more looking to what you lack. 1st Samuel chapter 9:es 1 and 2 has already told this about Saul. So when Saul is approached and said, uh, all the desire of Israel is on you and your father's house. and says, "Well, I'm just a Benjamite, smallest tribe, and my family's the least of all the families of the Benjamites." So, the Benjamites are the worst, and we're the worst of the worst. But in verse one, it says, "Now there was a man of Benjamin whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zor, the son of Basharoth, the son of Apha, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power." The word of God tells us that Kish, Saul being the son of Kish, that Kish was a mighty man of power. And so, he's no small potatoes. And it says, "And he had a son whose name was Saul. A choice young man and a goodly." Isn't that what we all want to be? A goodly. He was a choice young man and a goodly. And there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he. Now, this is the Bible's uh uh just being real about it that Saul was a choice, young man. Goodly. I'm not going to spend much time breaking these words down because I think that it's okay for to let your imagination run wild about what it's saying. There wasn't a goodlier person than he from his shoulders and upward. He was higher than any of the people. All right? He wasn't some short king. He was taller than everybody else by a head. So there wasn't this short man's complex. He's a tall guy. He's the tallest of all the smallest of all the tribes. But despite the reputation of Kish as a mighty man of power and his own great stature and his character as a choice young man and goodly he was insecure still after all this when it comes up he's kind of like well I don't know I'm kind of the tribe of Benjamin if you didn't know and I don't really come from a really good family and if I could just uh put this part in here because if you're struggling at all like where in the world is brother Aaron going with is I've read the story to the end, right? I'm not just picking up the book and say, "Man, I read the first chapter on this guy, Saul. He seems like a real rough neck. This guy's a bad character. I I can read it all over him. He's going to probably end up trying to murder somebody." No, I've read the story, right? So, I have the benefit of hindsight's 2020. Had the benefit of a prophet of God who's taught us on these things to to look on these characteristics of these men. And so it says in 1st Samuel 10:9, "And it was so that when he had turned his back from Samuel, from this moment that they meet," so in the next chapter 10, Samuel begins to tell him all the things that are in his heart, the things that are going to be. And so Saul knows that he's going to be king. And from the moment that he turns away from Samuel, God gave him another heart. And all those signs came to pass that day. Saul began to prophesy. Saul begin to be counted as one of the prophets. But notice, I want you to ponder this. God gave him another heart. Why? You don't find this being said of David. But it says it of Saul that before now that he's going to be anointed, he's going to go forth prophesying and he's going to he's going to be among the people and being looked at and revered, God gives him another heart. Now I want to say this and again I'm trying to say this with force or I say it with force or some sort of sense of uh uh uh shurnness on my part but I want the Lord to speak to in this and I don't want to just say it so absolutely you just accept it but think about this consider this that once he's made king God has to give him another heart. So think about why he's king. Why is he king? Is he king because God told Samuel alone that's what happened is God showed up to Samuel's doorstep one day and spoke in his ear and said make him king or did he do it because the people wanted a king. Amen. It was the people's choice and the people's perception. Right. The people had rejected God when they wanted a king. That's right. Look at this in 1st Samuel chapter 8. Do I have any of those scriptures there? I I had a lot. Yeah. So, I had a lot and I'm just going to I'm going to skip through this. I I want to hurry here. He says, "And and if you look in chapter 8 at the beginning, Samuel's sons are uh disobedient. They're ungodly. They're acting in a manner that's not fit for a prophet's sons. They're a reproach to Israel and to the to the office of a prophet. And this is the day of judges." And so Samuel as a prophet is ruling, his sons are are judges. They're going to be ruling. And the people, "Ah, we don't want this." and what they asked for now. And they said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways. This is verse five. Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. Notice what's at the heart of the people. The people aren't seeing his boys going wayward and like, man, we need rightness. We need uprightness. But they're also looking at the sin of the prophet's sons and they're using it as an excuse to reject the office of a prophet and want to be like the world. Hello. Come on, somebody. Right. That that's when you begin to think about it's exactly what happens in this instance is that they use the excuse of the failure of the family and those closely associ. Let's be like everyone else. Make us a king to judge us like all the nations. And then there there's a lot more to this narrative, but the Lord says to Samuel, "Listen to the people and all that they say to thee. For they have not rejected you, but they have rejected me that I should not reign over them." So when the people wanted a king, they weren't rejecting Samuel. They're rejecting God. The very thing that God spoke to him and said, "I will send a prophet to you." Samuel is the first one in the order of the prophets. When when Moses says that I will send you prophets, Samuel's the first one that God sends and he speaks to him lipto ear just as he did to Moses. The first time we see God raising up a prophet according to Deuteronomy 18. And so in some ways he's the first of the prophets and they're immediately like, "No, this is not what we want." Notice how finicky the people are. God, don't speak to us. Let a prophet speak to us. God, don't let a prophet speak to us. Let a king speak to us on their way to what? No headship. And so God says, "Speak to them." But then when you hearken to their voice, protest solemnly unto them. Because God tells them, "This is what's going to happen." and show them the manner of king that should reign over them. And it says in verse 10, "And Samuel told all the words of the Lord unto the people that asked of him a king." So the people said, "We want a king." And Samuel comes to him and he continues in these these next eight verses, saying, "Well, he's going to do this, and he's going to do this, and he's going to do this." And go through and read it, and you'll find that everything the king asked for is not for the people's sake, but his own. that in some way all the servants and all the tithing and all the soldiers and all the armor in some ways he's saying that though you may have a king to judge you and this king may be able to rally armies and defend you, he's going to ask more of you than I ever did. There's going to be a greater price. And so if you read this in 1st Samuel chapter 8, he spells it all out very very plainly to him. It says, "Nevertheless, the people refused to avoid the basa voice of Samuel and they said, "Nay, but we will have a king over us." And listen to their words, "That we also may be like all the nations, and that our king may judge us and go out before us and fight our battles." Now, I want to put it in this context. God had sent a prophet. God is ruling by that prophet whose none of his words fell to the ground, and he's ruling over them. He's got a good testimony. Did they use the excuse of those associated with him and others around him to tear down his testimony to question him now you're too old and there's this problem and instead of them calling upon God to raise up another prophet to continue ruling them by the word of God they say give us a king Samuel kind of takes that to heart it displeases Samuel and when he goes to the Lord the Lord says Samuel they have not rejected you as a prophet when they reject the leadership of the prophet they're rejecting me and they've asked for a king so when God says go ahead and do what they say but warn them and they choose a king the choice of having a king is not God's choice. So when God chooses the king he wants them to represent their choice. He wants this king that they have asked for to be reflective of who they are. And I believe it's exactly where America's arrived where now no matter who you vote they are died in the wool Americans. They represent America. America's getting what she asked for. And so God gives them a leader who's just like them. So then Saul receives another heart. Why? Because he's he's head and shoulders above everybody else. He's really really good-looking. He's charismatic. He's wellreceived. But he's got a complex. And that's a nasty thing when somebody's in the position he has. So after Saul is told, am I not the least? And why do you speak to me this way? And he tells us about his complex. And I hope I kind of put in some things here to recognize that the people wanted the king and God had to give this king another heart because the king he chose is to teach Israel something about their desire, something about their heart. So in verse 22 of 1st Samuel chapter 9 after Samuel kind of objects and I'm saying foreshadows his insecurity. It says and Samuel took Saul and his servant brought them into the parlor and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden which were about 30 persons. This is this is quite a ceremony. This has been a banquet that has been called and this prophet has invited people to this and by way of prophecy and foresight and he's made him sit in the chiefest place. He he's in that upper room of the feast in the the chief seats where everyone can see him. And then Samuel said unto the cook, "You remember that uh that pork shoulder that I had you cook and set aside for a special guest? go ahead and bring it. So he took the portion of that which I said they set it by thee. And the cook took up the shoulder. Maybe in more modern parliament we might say a good old Texas Packer brisket. Cook the shoulder to that which was upon it and set it before Saul. So now Saul has got the choice food that has been set aside specifically for him. And he has the portion and this piece and he says, "Behold that which is set be set left. set it before thee and eat for to this time hath it been kept for thee since I said I've invited the people calls a feast this is the great reveal this is the moment these 30 people and now Saul is feasting in the presence of all these invitees and he's eating the choice part in front of everybody made to sit chiefest among all them that were bidden among these 30 people and then it says and when they were come down from the high place into the city Samuel communed with Saul upon the top of the house. Saul is getting some MVP treatment, right? Saul Saul is being catered to. I want you to catch this. Forgive me. Forgive me if I if I am taking some liberty with this, but when I read this, and I want to contrast this later, Saul's ego is being stroked a little bit. Yes. Oh, I'm I'm just the smallest person and I don't really mean much, do I? Right. Looking down at Samuel. I'm just a wee little man. And he takes him and he takes him to the chief seat and and spend the day with me and he's being seen with the prophet and everyone has this fear for him. And all of Israel is communicated with this prophet, the seer. They've asked for a king and now everyone's looking at the the the flight patterns and who's visiting who and what's happening and who's with who. Photographs and the paparazzi are all popping up saying, "Did you see who Samuel was with? This could be the next king." He's like six, whatever. And so Saul is going to be made king. And in 1st Samuel chapter 10, let's read verses 17 to 27. And now this is the moment of his coronation as it were. And Samuel called the people together unto the Lord to mispa and said unto the children of Israel, thus sayith the Lord God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians and out of the hand of all kingdoms and of them that oppressed you. And this is very direct. And you have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your advers ad adversities and your tribulations. And you have said unto him, nay, but set a king over us. And now therefore present yourselves before the Lord by your tribes and by your thousands. And to me the silence is deafening. It does not record at all that the people said wait what we did what? We've rejected God. That's not what we meant. That is all God please and sackcloth and ashes and repentance. Like okay he's picking up what we were laying down. This is good. All right. Good. He heard our demands. God we've got grievances. He's heard them. He's going to give us what we asked for. But God made it very, very clear. You rejected me. I did all this for you. You rejected me. So present yourselves. And they may have been coming kind of like, we're getting our king. We're getting our king. And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken. And when he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken. And Saul, the son of Kish, was taken. And when they sought him, he could not be found. I I like not just exactly sure how long this would take and just exactly how it's represented and how we could see back in the Exodus that uh they came tribe by tribe, family by family and they come man by man to where every household had to answer and give an account. And so in the same manner there's this judging and this narrowing down narrowing down to where they come to this family and it's and they come to the house of Kish and they come to Saul and Samuel knows Saul's the one where is he? Where is he? And it says, "When they saw him, he could not be found. Therefore, they inquired of the Lord further, if the man should yet come thither. And the Lord answered, behold, he hath hid himself among the stuff." And I just love it that they say God said that. He hid himself among the stuff. And they ran and fetched him fence. So they knew exactly what he meant by the stuff. And when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward. And Samuel said unto all the people, "See ye him whom the Lord hath chosen that there is none like him among all the people." Do you realize can do you see what's happening? They asked for a king and God said, "You want a king? I'll give you a king." This is exactly what he's going to do. And the people like, "Okay, sounds good. We'll have our king. Going to give us the king we want. We want to be like everybody else. Give us a king." God says, "Okay, if you want to be like everyone else, I'll give you a king who's very kingly. I'll give you a king that even the world would admire. I'll give you a king so that all the nations would be like, "Yep, that's a king." If I've ever seen a king, that's a king. And I'm going to give him the look of a king, but he's not going to have the character of a king. I'm going to give him the look of a king, but he doesn't have a heart of the king. So, I've got to give him a different heart. Right? And so, in this moment, he stands up there and he's head and shoulders above everybody else. And he says, "This is whom the Lord has chosen. There's none like him among all the people." In other words, he's saying this is what you wanted when you wanted a king. You were doing it for popularity. You were doing it for pretense. You were doing it for pride. You were doing it to look good amongst all the other nations and acceptance. And all the people shouted and said, "God saved the king." I thought that's what they did in England. But this is where God saved the king. It's not a mighty Monty Python skit. This is actually what they did. God saved the king after their rebuke after it should be some sort of apparent like I could was there anybody in the audience going okay all right what's going on he's told us we've rejected him now this good-looking seven foot dudes up there he's trolling us right like this is too good to be true this is exactly what we wanted this is who he'd want to be king someone tall somebody fearsome then Samuel told the people the at the manner of the kingdom and wrote it in a book and laid it before the Lord. It says, "And Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house." Now, you've got enough material to work with to pray about, wrestle it out, but I've got a few more minutes I can use tonight. And look at what it says in verse uh verse um 26. And Saul also went home to Gibia. And there went with him a band of men whose hearts God had touched. I know that in reading this we might want to we could preach a really really good sermon on hearts being touched by God and these men following after Saul but let me let me suggest this that you could pray about God had to touch their hearts for them to follow him and did he do it because of Saul's complex that if Saul would have went home alone something would have been eating at him if he didn't all of a sudden get some followers if he didn't have somebody by his side would this be too much for Saul all. But the children of Balile said, and there's a lot to give context who the children of Bile are, but it's basically suggesting that by their attitudes they're rejected. How shall this man save us? And they despised him and brought him no presence. And guess what? He noticed, but he held his peace. This isn't just there because this chapter needed 27 verses for the numerology to be balanced out. This is given to us. We understand a little bit more about Saul's character. God touched hearts of men to follow him to Gibbia. And those that didn't give him gifts, Saul took note. The people that didn't give him the things that he thought he was do, he's like, I'm noting that. And could it be that had Saul not had a different heart, he would have done something right then and there. Saul has a different heart. So, at least as of now, he's behaving kingly, behaving maturely and reasonable. And I want to point this out as I try to continue to in uh to the the finish line here. We find that he had hid himself among the stuff and the moment where he's to be set before the people and everyone is to acknowledge him. And this is his great moment. His hiding himself was not an act that was purely humility. If I can say this way, it was not pure humility. It was not humility alone, but it was a complex about himself and others. Maybe he had a complex about whether or not he could do it, whether or not he should do it, whether or not he was good enough. He knew he was tall. He knew he was handsome. But maybe he questioned his own abilities. And maybe he was afraid that the people go boo boo. And because of that, he wasn't willing to stand before the people. He was insecure about himself. That's true. But he was really insecure about whether or not the people would accept him. Are you considering this tonight? Think about it in a way that maybe has always been there and you thought about, but this is in Saul's story. His sin is popularity. His temptation's popularity. This pride of life. Why won't Saul come to the platform? He's afraid of being rejected. Saul had eye disease. Did you know that? Capital eye disease. Right. If he could have just thought to himself, "The Lord said, the prophet said I'm king. I'll do what the Lord says. I'll embrace it. This isn't me. This isn't what I want." But um I'm going to run from it. And you know what? It reminds me a lot of times when there's that preacher who really really wants to be a preacher, that pastor that really really wants to pastor, but they know what Brother Brandham said about someone who really wants to do it. So what do they do? Oh well. Well, Well, brother, no, I I don't really want to preach. It's like, okay, no, that's fine. You don't need to. But, um, you know, right? You start backing out of it all. But you know what? You know, God said, and no, no, brother. It's fine. It's fine. You're on duff. But he had eye disease. He had a complex about himself and how people perceived him, whether or not people would accept him. And it's Saul's desire for popularity. I'm winding this down, but I want to give some context so you understand better why I made these conclusions. that Saul's desire for popularity, this craving to be accepted, how he's the way he's perceived was very prominent. His own complexes about himself, God said he was king and he couldn't even overcome his own complexes. Pride. God wanted him to come to the platform and be acknowledged as a prophet. He didn't do it because he was afraid that people would reject him. Whereas, if he had a different heart at its core, he would have said, I if whether I be rejected, whether I be received, I got to obey the Lord. Amen. I got to do what he wants me to do. But it's his desire for popularity, the temptation to popularity that led to his downfall. So very quickly, maybe we'll pick up on more details on these on Sunday, but in 1st Samuel 13:11, first time we see this real transgression in Saul's life. And Samuel said, "What have you done?" And Saul said, "Immediately, because I saw that the people were scattered from me." He asked him what he did. And instead of telling him what he did, he told him why he did it. I saw the people leaving me. Wow. I saw the crowds getting smaller. I saw things happening and that thou camest not within the days appointed. It seemed like you were tearing too long and things were getting more difficult and criticism was coming. And the Philistines gathered themselves together at mishmash. And so I saw that people were leaving and I saw that people were doing this and I saw that people were scared. And because of the threats of an enemy, the criticisms of a defiler and those that are walking away, he changed his gospel, right? And he intruded on the office of a prophet. Didn't wait for the prophet. Didn't wait on the Lord. Because I I saw the people were scattered from me. What was it? Pride of life. Popularity. In 1st Samuel 15:4, it's wherein Samuel goes, "What's this bleeding of rams I hear? I'm leaving a lot out, but catch this. And Saul said unto Samuel, because this is after Samuel calls him out. He says, I've sinned. We're like, okay, he's doing better, right? Before he said, I was afraid the people were leaving me. I've sinned for I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord and thy words. Now, it sounds like he's doing good, but then he falls back on the usual because I feared the people and obeyed their voice. We says the people wanted to offer sacrifices. The people wanted to worship this way. The people want the people want the people. The people the people. Saul may have been too woke to be king. I feared the people and obeyed their voice. And notice in chapter 13, if we're kind of going back and forth and back and forth, notice it says this. After he first does this transgression, "What have you done?" He says, "Because the people were scattered from me and and you hadn't come yet and the Philistines were gathering. The people were afraid. Everyone was troubled. People were leaving. And I wanted to do something to rally the people together." And I stood up before the people and I did this. And notice exactly what Samuel says in verse 14. But now thy kingdom shall not continue. Your families hold upon the throne will end. The Lord hath sought him a man after his own heart. And the Lord hath commanded him to be captain over his people because that thou hast not kept that which the Lord commanded thee. When we find him in chapter 15, why is he not keeping the commandments of the Lord? He fears the people and so he obeys their voice. Popularity. How he's perceived as king. He was constantly on Twitter. He was constantly following the polls. He was always getting the feedback. He was reading the op-eds. He was wanting to think, "How do people think of me? How do they view me? How do they feel about me? What's the polls? What's the What are you getting? What are you hearing? Well, it sounds like everybody's leaving you. Why? Because you haven't because Samuel hasn't showed up yet. It's making you look kind of bad. You might want to do something about it. Oh, the people are kind of upset that they're having to kill everything and they can't keep some rams. They can't do this. What if you did it and said they need to worship and you do this and you do that and there's all sorts of talk about how they could uh uh how he could politically handle this in a way to where he obeys God cuz he claimed he did but win the favor of the people. Right? And this is where sin, popularity usually leads to sin and disgrace because when it begins to be this rub where you're willing to please men and you love the praise of men more than you love the praise of God, right? Is God not able himself to provide a sacrifice? Amen. Is God not able to see what's in the hearts of the people and himself provide a sacrifice? Even if it's not just a ram caught in a thicket, but if it's a ram for a house, is he not able to provide? But yet using the excuse of religion, which we can get into more on Sunday, he allow they put pressure on Saul. And it says, "The Lord hath sought him a man after his own heart because you couldn't keep God's commandments." Why could Saul not keep the commandments of God? What was in his heart? the pride of life and this temptation to popularity. Who is it that's going to take his place? It's not Jonathan who scripturally is a great man. It's not going to Jonathan. It's not going to his house. It's going to be a man after God's own heart. So once again, in just a few chapters, in chapter 8, they ask for a king. In chapter nine, saw Samuel seeing who he who this king's going to be. Already in chapter 16, God is bringing Samuel to another house. And if you remember, Samuel's story is really, really dramatic, right? Lost livestock. He's on his search for three days. And prophecy here. Maidens are saying, "You go see the prophet." And and all these things working. The prophet's made a huge dinner. They're cooking brisket. 30 guests are coming. They're going to the high place. Everything. This is getting the choice things, right? They got the reservations already. They got the the celebrity chef cooking. Everything's going just right. And finally, the great moment when Saul meets the tallest or Samuel meets the tallest man in all of Israel, the prophet and and Saul. And he's like, "All desire of Israel is upon you." And he's thinking, "Oh, well, little old me coming from a really bad family and really small tribe. Why? Why would they be after me?" He says, "Come, let me tell And he takes him to this high place. He ch has the chief seed and he begins to prophesy. He he he takes him there and he lets him eat and then he comes down to the high place. He carries with him all night and then he begins to tell him, "You're going to be king and this is going to happen. You're going to prophesy and signs and wonders are going to follow you." Go ahead and read what he says in chapter 10 and gives him a new heart. That happens. And he prophesies and everything he says comes to pass. And the people are is is Saul one of the prophets now? Is he one of the seers? That's the coronation of Saul. And in before all the people of Israel, he's supposed to come forth and we find him hiding. I'm suggesting that that he hid because of pride, not because of humility. But yet, there was something about that, something about that moment that had it not had it just been that he was small in his own eyes, God could have used it. Right? if that was all that it was. But now the prophet Samuel comes to the house of Jesse and he's told to go there. And I think in some ways he's thinking, I've seen God do this before. Had a pretty good idea which way it would go. For it came to pass when they were come that he looked upon Elab and said, "Surely the Lord's anointed is before thee." Why? He looked good. He was good. He He was a goodly, right? and he was tall. He says, "This is it. This is the king." But the Lord said unto Samuel, "Look not on his countenance or on the height of his stature, because I've refused him. For the Lord seeth not as man seeth, for man lookth on the outward appearance, but the Lord lookketh on the heart." Saul was an example of what power apart from character can do. Saul was an example of what pride will do and pretense will do and a lust for popularity will do when one begins to be driven by whether or not the people accepted him. I would suggest that Saul had this problem in his heart and it would have manifested in some way in business, not just as a king, but it would have manifested in his life anyways. If he was the one that was to take over his father's business, he would have been looking at all the other cousins, the little brothers. He would have been the one that was worried about how his dad perceived him, about how the businessmen were seeing him, about whether or not he was fitting in in this tribe because it because it was at the core of who he was. The Lord was looking for a man after the Lord's heart. Saul was somebody that God had to give a different heart just to be king long enough. Amen. And God says, "I look on the heart." And so in verse 12, he goes to the whole family and Samuel's like, "Okay, is there anybody else?" Because God's they go, "Oh yeah, the youngest." He's out tending sheep. This is such an anticlimatic coronation. Like we could make a movie off of Saul's coration, right? With David, it's just like, "Give me some YouTube ads." Like, "This is boring." Like, "No." Next. Samuel's just swiping. I don't know which way you swipe to reject. So, it's like he's just swiping, right? Nope. Next. Next. And finally like, is there anybody else? It's getting late in the day. Everybody's tired. Yeah. We got this little guy out there. He's uh tending to the sheep. Well, bring him. And he comes and it says he was ruddy and with all of a beautiful countenance and goodly to look to. So, I mean, he's not complete rubbish, but he's ruddy and he's got a beautiful countenance. And so, maybe it's just a little bit softer, a little bit more fair. where Saul might have had the nice cheekbones, you know, tall, broad shoulders, dark hair, you know, tall guy. And David's cute, you know, he's like, "He's a cute kid. Come over here and pinch his cheek." Samuel just wanted to rub him on the head. Come here. Come here. Go. And he says, "And the Lord said, arise, anoint him, for this is he." Amen. I know just at home, no special guest, no special brisket, kosher, of course. Then Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brethren. And the spirit of the Lord came upon David from that day forward. He didn't give David a new heart. Didn't give him another heart is what it says about Saul. Gave him another heart. In other words, he kind of had to manipulate Saul's spirit. He hardened the heart of Pharaoh. So what does he do? Kind of softens the heart of Saul long enough to make an example. Long enough to teach us something in the scripture. And he does something with David. Now, on Sunday, maybe we could make quick references to this, and I don't want to get caught up in the comparisons so much of a David and a Saul because we're learning from Saul about the pride of life and popularity. But with David, David makes terrible mistakes. And in many ways, mistakes that we could say are greater than Saul's. Saul's are very particular, very specific. But the problem is at the heart of it is a heart problem. Whereas David may have seemed to fail on a greater stage in worse ways, David had a heart that was willing to repent. And Saul had a heart to say, "I I I was afraid of the people. I was worried about how they perceived me. I I was worried that the people would panic and we wouldn't defeat the Philistines." But the spirit of the Lord comes upon David from that moment forward and doesn't get another heart. But notice immediately what happens in verse 14. But the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul and an evil spirit from the Lord troubled him. It was a difference of heart, right? I'd like to say it this way. It's a difference of soul. There was something about at the heart of David that God was pleased with that heart. God loved it despite all the other optics, despite all the failures, despart despite David having different uh uh tendencies and different ways and being a a man of unfaithfulness and a murderer. And David's life is just it's a complicated tale. But you know in David, he represents the Messiah. It's going to be a son of David that ascended to the throne. It's going to be the root of Jesse. And God saved it secondly. Not Saul the first choice, not the flesh the first birth, but he was saving it for David. David who had a heart after God. That is what we get when we receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The soul becomes born again and new. It's a soul after God like God. And it's because Saul didn't have the right kind of heart. When the spirit of the Lord departs from Saul, what is Saul left with? His character. He's left with who he really is at the end of the day. And he manifested in his life. And in the next chapters, he's showing the insanity of a man who's left to the grip of the pride of life, who's so taken with the limelight and the platform that he fears ever losing it and will murder to keep it. It's quite a story that I think we should all learn from. Has he not made usth bo both made us kings and priests? And while we yet live here in this flesh, you're subject to temptation in body and mind. And I'll say this and and I've already been preparing for Sunday morning, but it's the pride of life is the most outstanding characteristic of an unborn again soul. Therefore, we must be born again. We must be born again because it's our only source of victory over the big three. If we could stand together and musicians coming to your instruments.
