################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-10-02 - 59 When the Young'ns Don't Grow Up Pt. 7 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-10-02
Title:   59 When the Young'ns Don't Grow Up Pt. 7
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlxyRD5F7Zk
========================================

Description:
59 When the Young'ns Don't Grow Up Pt. 7
Wednesday Service: October 2, 2024
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And with all with many of the visitors here, I feel kind of a little awkward continuing on a series that the church is kind of on the same page and they've already overcome some of the uh headscratching they did when they first saw this slide. But we've been speaking on when the youngans don't grow up. And this is part seven in this particular uh part of this series on the house of the Lord. And we're looking at the process of Christ's image being formed in us and how that we go from birth from a word birth to the very image of Christ being formed and the very character of Christ being shaped in us. A phrase that brother Brandon used was coming of age. Another phrase that's really good is maturity. And if we could begin in Ephesians 1:5, we'll just start here and hopefully uh be able to review a little bit and go forward with some things. It says in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So God has a perfect will, something that he designed in his heart from the beginning. Something that he desired to see come to pass. And it was in love that he predestinated us to adoption by Jesus Christ. And this adoption we know brother Ben Brandham identifies is not the same as an American idea of adoption but rather this is the placing of a son as the word speaks of an establishment a fixing or a making and it is one showing fully what they are and there may be glimpses and certain things that manifest in a person's life but when they come to maturity you see them for what they are they've shown you their character and what they're going to be and we know this is the goal of the word according to Ephesians 4 that we grow up into him and that we no longer be children tossed to and fro. And Sunday we looked at how Jesus Christ expressed the plan of perfection for God's all of God's children. And brother Brandham taught us that God adopted his own son. So it's kind of a remarkable uh thing to do that God would adopt his son already his son already his uh his word has brought him forth. He was already um a babe in a manger with the blood of God flowing through him. But God put him through a process of suffering and he was made perfect through obedience. And so we are to grow from babes to this place of adoption. And we're it's born sons who grow to maturity. And this was expressed in the uh life of Jesus Christ. And we see it in the scripture and we see it in the message of the hour that Jesus proved by obedience to be the right kind of a son who was worthy of a full inheritance. He was worthy to receive all that had been appointed to him. And we saw in the scripture that whenever it spoke of him being made something and being placed at the right hand or receiving a name greater than all names, it's preceded by obedience and suffering and becoming obedient to death and doing the father's will. That was God's plan and Jesus yielded to it and it came to pass. In Hebrews 12:es 2 to8 it says looking unto Jesus. This is our instructions to us looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. He is the beginning. He is our foundation. He is also our capstone. He's the one that starts it. He's the one that finishes. And praise God, he starts what he finishes. And it's the perfecting. He's the beginner of our faith. And he is the perfecting, the maturing of our faith. Who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross. So he was forwardlooking. He had a vision. He looked to what God had promised him. and so he could endure the suffering through obedience, despising this shame, and as a result sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. For consider him, look to him, his he is your example that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds. Don't give up, keep pressing, keep persevering. As Christ humbled himself to be obedient, we likewise, as sons and daughters of God, should humble ourselves to be obedient. Ye have not resisted unto blood striving against sin, and ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children. My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. This is why I said, if you're being challenged, if you're being rebuked, if you're being corrected, if you're suffering, then we bear it. We take it patiently because this is the process that Christ went through and was set down in uh in his father's throne. And if we will go through the same process, he'll share even his own throne with us who also overcome. So don't faint, don't be weary, but endure the chastening. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastneth and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. I know chastening and scourging sounds real medieval, but it's correcting. It's disciplining. It's instruction. It's disciplehip. It's these those it's a training that's taking place. And so chasing and suffering isn't always losing something or physically being beaten. But it's just it's uh being corrected. It's being taught. It's being trained. It's making difficult decisions to obey the Lord. That is suffering. For suffering is the process of character development. So there's got to be a portion where you're taught and there's got to be a portion of application. So but if you be without chastisement whereof all are partakers. And I don't know if I finished that. If you endure chasting, God dealeth you with you as as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? But if you be without chastisement whereof all are partakers, then you then are ye bastards and not sons. Now it's quite a a statement. If you be without this chastisement, then you are illegitimate. And one thing we could say is that if you are not responsive to the correction, if you are not being changed and moderated through the discipline and correction, he says if you be without chastisement, then you're illegitimate. You have the wrong attitude towards the word. You you if you're not being corrected, if you're not learning, you're not being trained. He says then you're not you're not in the channel of the word and you it's you're not sons because this is what God does to sons. And brother Brandham even in commenting on this scripture says, "Is it strange?" And he's referring to Peter as well. Is it strange that God wants to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? And the answer is no sir. It's not strange that God wants to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering. Christ character was made perfect through suffering. He's left a measure of suffering for us that we too through suffering could come to a place a place and a fix and an establishment of maturity or perfection. Says, "And we have trials. We're all tried and chasened as sons. not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. It isn't of God. Now, there may be churches that suffer and there's churches that maybe get burned down or they suffer mass shootings or there may be people that are that feel that they're really going through difficult times, but the suffering here is the word of God challenging them. the word of God, correcting them, chastising the spirit of God, discipling them or disciplining in a church that's not suffering by taking the word of God and making application isn't of God because God has left this process for the true believer. All sons must come through this process. If he births you in the word, he wants you to grow up because as children, you're heirs. and being heirs. There's a process of the cultivation of character and the bringing forth of the character of Christ individual so that you can rightfully inherit a full inheritance. Now, if you could turn to Galatians chapter 3, I'd like to read verse 16 and then a few verses later in the same chapter. I've got a few long scripture readings to go through right now. If I'm unable to uh get to them, get through get through these in a long enough short enough time, we'll just pick up maybe on Sunday. But I'm hoping that tonight I have a little bit of grace in your attention to bring out this theme in the scripture of some children of God and this process that God brings his children through through training and tutorship and the government of the Holy Spirit to bring them a pla to a place of inheritance and how that there's others that seem to be closely related to that process who are not responding to it who don't have the right attitude and come to find out that not everyone who's around and not everyone who has the name and not everyone that looks the part is actually an heir. But God divides among them by election. Galatians 3:16. Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. Now he's Paul is being very precise with his language. The promises were made to Abraham and his seed. Paul says he saith not into seeds as of many, but as of one and to thy seed which is Christ. Now that's quite a statement. quite a statement especially to Jews and even those that were converted to find out that when he said unto Abraham and his seed that he wasn't necessarily speaking about Isaac but he spoke about the one that would come which is Christ so Christ is the seed of Abraham that was promised he is the promised son and Paul piggybacks on that in verse 26 and says for ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus for as many of you has as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ there So there now you're in his nature. You're in his life. There's neither Jew nor Greek. There's neither bond nor free. There's neither male nor female. For you are all one in Christ Jesus. And if you be Christ, then are you Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. Notice how he's kind of turned it around in terms of how a Jew would look at being the seed of Abraham. That you had Abraham, you had Isaac, and then you had Jacob, and then all those children of Israel. They were the seed of Abraham. And the promise belonged to them. And they were heirs of the promise that God had given to Abraham. And now Paul says, "No, Christ was the one who was the seed. And now you who have put on Christ, you who by the spirit of God have been baptized into Christ, now you are the ones that are heirs of God. You are the children of God. You are the seed of God." And this is the this is the body of Christ. That was the part of the mystery of God. And it's a contrast to those who are children after the flesh, but now the children that are after the spirit. Now, we could we could take the time, but we'll just point to it. In Acts chapter 2, we know that the elect who gathered into that upper room on the day of Pentecost became children of God through the quickening power of the Holy Ghost. Because they were sons, because they were seed, God sent forth his holy spirit. And this was a capstone to the Jewish church ages. Christ had been with them leading them to this place of receiving the promise that they had always looked forward to. And so that's a it's a unique event in terms of the gent the Jews and then it's the beginning of the the body of Christ that the Gentiles are going to be brought into. So it's an interesting overlap uh in a time where there's certain things that are taking place. But those who gathered on the day of Pentecost and when the day of Pentecost was fully come, it was a time appointed of the father wherein he sent his holy spirit and began to birth sons and daughters of God into the body of Christ. And we know that only the elect have a seed. It's a germ of life which the baptism of the Holy Ghost can bring to life. So there's no eternal life outside of this there. There's no relationship to God outside of this. Brother Brandham says, "And spoken word is the original seed." And this I think this would be a good sermon uh to maybe go through for supplemental uh material. It says when the Holy Spirit comes into that germ of life that's laying there, it produces another seed just exactly. Another son of God is born. Another amateur God, son of God. So Jesus Christ was the only begotten son, but now he is the firstborn among many brethren. Being the firstborn, he is heir of all things. And he he stands to receive certain promises. But according to the word of God, he's made us joint hes with Christ. And he's going to divide his inheritance, the spoil amongst the strong. So there's an inheritance for us in this who now are also born direct from God. And as children of God, we're hes of God, joint hes with Christ. And so we are not uh we are the seed of Abraham. We are heirs. He says according to the promise. If we're Christ, then we are the seed that was promised to Abraham and we are heirs according to the promise. The promise is to us. So this power of the Holy Ghost that comes on the germ of life, that is a person's conversion. That's a change of nature wherein you become new creatures in Christ. If there has not been this process, you're not converted. As as Jesus told Peter, when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren. Didn't matter how much he had operated signs and wonders prior to that. It doesn't matter how much the anointing may have been on his flesh prior to that. But he says when you are converted, strengthen your brethren. Your conversion takes place when the Holy Ghost comes upon a germ of life and produces another son of God. That's the change that takes place. That that's what makes one a child of God, children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. The seal of God is a seal of your faith. Now in Ephesians chapter 2:es 1-6, and then we'll skip to verse 10. And I'm hoping that these scriptures in themselves would will stand as certain principles or truths to you. But I'm wanting to use this in the context of babes growing up and maturing to Christ. Says, "And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sin sins wherein in time past he walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience." That's a mouthful. a lot to really begin to picture and put your your mind around. But he's saying you've been quickened, but one time this quickening is you were dead in sins and trespasses. When you were born into this world, you walked according to the course of this world by the nature you received through a natural birth, according to the prince of the power there. You were subject to the influences of the world, the influences of Satan. And it's a spirit, he says, that now works in, notice this phrase, the children of disobedience. So you'll see in the scripture that there are children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. And now there is there are children of disobedience. And Paul is saying you have been quickened out of the world into a body into a new nature and you're different than those that are called children of disobedience. Now, if I can say this about the elect, I feel comfortable saying this that the elect can be disobedient children, but they're not children of disobedience because they are elect to a new nature. Among whom also we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of our flesh, of fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. There is judgment that comes upon the first birth. Being born in sin, we are are sentenced to death as it were. And we are subject to punishment as a result of sin. But through the process of a new birth, we have been covered in the blood of Jesus Christ. We're born a new. And the Bible says, you've passed already from death into life. You'll never come into judgment. There can be no condemnation because the soul has been sealed and it has been forgiven. You will not have to stand before white throne judgment to answer for sin. But before you're born again, before you're quickened, according to verse one, you're by nature, by your first birth, children of wrath, just like everybody else. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved, and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ, already passed from death and alive. already quickened by the new birth. The seal of God has placed you as a son or daughter of God into the body of Christ. And now you're not by nature the children of wrath. You're not no longer ruled after the course of those that the spirit that works in the children of disobedience, but you are children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. You're Abraham's seed and heirs according to the promise. You're children of the promised. Verse 10 says, "For we are his workmanship. We are his creation, new creatures in Christ Jesus. He has made us and not we ourselves. Created in Christ Jesus for the purpose of good works, his workmanship. He's still working on us. He's cultivating us. We are God's building. We are God's husbandry. As a building, he's laid the foundation. He's building us up to completion. As his husbandry, he's pruning us. He's uh uh dunging us. He's working us up to bring forth perfect fruit, a full bow. were created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. So this is progress. This is uh making uh uh advancing and continuing in something a manner and a course of life. So being created a new in Christ Jesus. It's done so that we can become new creatures in Christ who are created for the purpose of good works ordained that we should walk in them. Amen. This is the children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. It's these children that Hebrews chapter 12 says endures chastening. They are the ones that are scourged. They are the one that are with chastisement. They are not illegitimate but they are sons. These are the ones that brother Brandham says will have to suffer in order to have this character. Because it's only through that that character is made. Now it says by nature you were a child of wrath or children of wrath. And by nature, it's according to your first birth. And the very reason why we do the worldly things that we do and we lie and we cheat and we steal is because of our parents, right? We receive that nature from our parents. It's a worldly nature. And so by your first birth, you express express the attributes of sin. That's all you can do is express a fallen nature. And some people have better parents than others and a better nature and a better nurture. So they might not be as wild, but it is still subject to sin and subject to death. That's why Jesus told Nicodemus in John 3:7, "Marvel not when I say unto thee, you must be born again from a beginning, a new beginning. You must be born from above." That's that is how we become babes in Christ, born by the incorruptible word which is the seed of God. A a word birth, that engrafted word which is able to uh perfect us and complete us. Amen. And I realize now I may not have provided this statement from adoption part one, but brother B makes this statement, election looks back to fornowledge and predestination looks to destiny. He's taking that um from his Scoffield notes, but he he's endorsing it. He's saying this is he sees this in the scripture. He says, don't forget that el election looks back here. Here it is. And he quotes this. I was a cockleber. I was born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come into the world speaking lies. He's just put a bunch of scriptures together there. Uh, born among sinners, father and mother and all, my whole family sinners. I was a cockleber. This is how we were all born. That sticky nature, cockleber. He says, "But all of a sudden, I became a wheat grain. How did it happen?" That's remarkable, isn't it? I'm human. I make human mistakes. I do human things. I'm a cockleber. Got a cocklear nature. But all of a sudden, I became wheat. He says, "What happened?" He says, "What is that election? God before the foundation of the world elected that that cockleber was to become a grain of wheat. That's a that's what God does. That in the same within the same humanity, the same clay, God has pre has elected a seed, a germ seed inside of you. It's down in there somewhere. placed it inside of you that the word of God when the light can get on that word which sometimes it might take a while but usually brother Ram said it happens pretty quick but if the light can flash upon that seed in that right moment in those right conditions in the right atmosphere it's that germ that was always there transforms the life inside of the soul from cockleber doubt to faith and faith only and that's how it happens you're cockleber one day and he says all of a sudden you become through election a grain of wheat That's election. That's what election looks back to. So he's saying that as a a a grain of wheat, you can say now that you were elected to a new birth and you looking back knowing that this is what happened now that I'm a son or daughter of God. That happened because I'm elect. Only the elect can be quickened. That they're the only ones that can be quickened to new life. And so even in the the aspect of fornowledge of God, God knowing beforehand that's how he can elect. But now predestination is different. He says it's destiny. We were elected to a new birth, but now predestinated to adoption. If I can say it this way, we have a destiny. So God elected us to a birth to bring us to our destiny because our first birth couldn't do it. And we're wheat. See, we're wheat. I'm a germ of wheat. I'm a grain of wheat. So then it's the image of from a seed to harvest. And being elected, election requires a change. It's this compelling power in the word of God to be quickened. And even in an election, we're in an election year. It makes it one of the unique markers of this year. When there's an election, uh there is it's to decide on a change in administration or who's going to govern. So even in our own election, there is a it means that by election, we have a new tutor. We have a new governor. We have a new government, a new nature. This is what election looks to. This is how we become grains of wheat. This is how we become children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. This is how we become children of the promise. But then Jesus also told Nicodemus in verse 6, that which is born of the flesh is flesh. So now you have those that are born after the flesh and those that are born after the spirit. You have children of disobedience and you have those who at one time were in the world but now have been quickened into Christ. And brother Brandham says in spoken words the original seed, except a man be born again. Why must he be born again? He's dead in the fashion he's in. He's a hybrid. He's got to be born again. A hybrid indicates the wrong kind of a birth. The wrong kind of com combination. Now, Brother Brandham traces this all the way back just to the the mixing of seed in the beginning. How we all are born uh as hybrids. None of us are coming direct from God. None of us are direct descendants alone from Adam and the woman, but rather everything's just by one blood. We've all come to populate the whole earth. So, he's saying we're all hybrid. We're all fallen nature. We're all fallen creatures. So, we must be born again. Now, if you're thinking about this in terms of uh election, which is just a it's it's a truth in the scripture that you cannot deny. Uh I I read it somewhere. It's one of those things where I don't know if it's uh like the bears bears and things like that where you always remember it one way, find out it's another, but uh the Mandela effect. But I remember reading one time that Luther had made the statement that uh you you'll lose your mind trying to figure out predestination but die denying it. You'll lose your soul denying it. And uh like I said, I don't know if he I could never find it again. Uh but I think it is sometimes people say it in a way about the trinity which you'll lose both your mind and your soul trying to figure that out. But there is uh there is a an idea that in in this process I I just want to acknowledge that election it's it's so plain in scripture you have you just have to accept it. As hard as it may seem to be this principle of election is an absolute necessity. And this election means that there's a group of people that God has ordained to a birth. There's a group of people that God has ordained to be baptized by one spirit into his body. And this elect number is going to fill up the body of Christ. And there will come a time when there'll be no more seed to be quickened. That there it's going to be made up. God's going to be finished. His spirit's going to leave the earth and all that will be left are those that were not were unable to be quickened. Now, there'll still be many that are saved, but they weren't saved. Brother Bam said being part of the body of Christ are part of the bride of Christ. They come in another way. And I say grace nonetheless. It's going to be a grace. So in this group of people that have been elect to a birth, then you have this other group of people that may claim to be born again, may claim to be religious, claim to have the Holy Ghost, claim a lot of things, but we know that in reality there's only one group that actually is no matter what one's confession is. Now in Galatians 4:es 28-31 he says now we brethren because he said we are as we've already read in Galatians chapter 3 we are Abraham's seed if we're Christ we are children of God by faith in Jesus Christ we are hes according to the promise now we brethren as Isaac was are the children of promise but as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the spirit even so it is down. That which is born of flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is spirit. That which is born of the spirit is born from above. They're born again. They are they are the ones that have been elected. They are in the body of Christ. But then those that have not been born again, I'd say even yet there's those that are children of the flesh. He says those that are born after the flesh will persecute the true heirs will persecute children that are born after the spirit. He says as it was with Isaac and Ishmael, so is it now. Nevertheless, what saith the scripture? Cast out the bond woman in her son. Cast cast out Hagar and Ishmael. For the son of the bond woman shall not be heir with the son of the free woman. So then, brethren, we are not children of the bond woman, but of the free. The seed is not heir with the shuck. Even in the life of the wheat plant, it comes to a place where each one has its part in the process. But once you come to harvest time and seed time, the shuck has to pull away. And unless it follows the life into the seed, it can't it's not heir with the seed. We are not children of the bond woman. We are children of the free. We are not children of disobedience. We are children of the promise. But children after the flesh, children after Hagar, ch and Abraham, the the wild child which is Ishmael will persecute the elect. Now, I want to say something very shocking to you. I don't know if you knew this, but Abraham, excuse me, let me say it this way. Abram fathered Ishmael, but he didn't father Isaac. Right? Abraham. Fathered Isaac. Abramathered Ishmael, but Abraham did not father Isaac. What did God do? He changed his name. Put an H in there. Put himself in there. And so, there's a lot of things that were done under his first name. After his first birth, first birth, there was things that he did in doubt. There was a child that was produced through the impatience of his wife and it brought forth Ishmael and Abraham fathered Ish or Abram fathered Ishmael but it's Abraham that brings forth Isaac the promised son and these children of disobedience are the ones these children that are born after the flesh born after human desire represents the church the the will of the church alone the the impatience of Sarah but then you have the children of disobedience but then those that are born after the promise to be born after the promise, to be children of the promise is to be born a second time by the will of God. You'll find this over and over again in the scripture that it's always it's the second born. It's the second born, not the firstborn because the firstborn is going to represent our flesh. Cain even represents our flesh. And then you have the the firstborn. Um Ishmael represents our flesh. There's got to be a second birth. There's Isaac. And even coming down to Jacob and Esau, Esau represents the first birth, but it's the second that gets the birthright. Amen. Because the second birth is after the will of God, by the second Adam, not after the first Adam. Born after the promise. It's to be born a second time, not by flesh and blood, but by the will of God. In John, it says, okay, I hope this is pieces are just kind of getting we're turning over all the pieces, getting the border pieces together. Maybe we'll start snapping things together here in a moment. In Romans chapter 9:es 1-13, I say the truth in Christ, I lie not. My conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost that I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart. For I could wish that myself were a cursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh. Romans 9 uh expresses some very great truths, especially after we've built in Romans chapter 8. But now he's looking at his brethren after the flesh and he's he'savy for them and and to see that they were the ones that ought to have received the Messiah, but they reject him. So his kinsmen according to the flesh, he says, who are Israelites to whom pertainth the adoption and the glory and the covenants and to the giving of the law and the service of God and the promises. This is who everything was given to was Israel first. And it says whose fathers and of whom as concerning the flesh came who is overall God blessed forever. Amen. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are their patriarchs. Paul, even all of his kinsmen according to the flesh. And then he says concerning the flesh of Christ, even Christ himself followed the lineage of Abraham's seed and with Joseph and Mary. So he's saying Christ comes as the seed of David. He comes even as the seed of Abraham. Just as you are all kinsmen, Christ after the flesh is in that lineage and in that that channel. Not as though the word of God have taken none effect. Now even though they have rejected him and all these promises pertain to them, but it's not that the word wasn't effective. He says, "For they are not all Israel which are of Israel." Basically saying it's not everybody who's Israel is Israel. And you're thinking, well, wait, how can that be? But Paul is narrowing down the definition of a child of the promise. Not everyone that is Israel is of Israel. Not all Israeli are Israel which are of Israel. Neither because they are the seed of Abraham are they all children. I think he ended up having um many more sons by Coutur and he had many uh many more children from these different women. And so you had Ishmael, you had Isaac, you had these other sons, these other princes. But it says, "Not just every seed of Abraham are all children, but in Isaac shall thy seed be called." Do you realize the scripture actually refers to Isaac as Abraham's only begotten? Even though he clearly had Ishmael, but God doesn't even acknowledge him according to the promise. And so here it implies a a election. It implies choice. It's this doctrine of election that's even shown in the birth of the nation of Israel, shown in the election of Isaac. than even Jacob that God is dividing amongst the children. In Isaac shall thy seed be called. That is they which are the children of the flesh. These are not the children of God, but the children of the promise are counted for the seed. Not all descendants of Abraham are children of God. Not all descendants after the flesh, after Abraham's seed, are the seed. Not all Israel is an heir. And he's showing that God is always divided among children by election. And it's the children of the flesh versus children of the promise. Now, can you see two sides here? Children of the flesh, children of the promise. For this is the word of promise. At this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. And not only this, but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac. For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. It was said to her, "The elder shall serve the younger, as it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." Amen. So in these different phrasings, that which is born of the flesh is flesh. Children of disobedience, children of the flesh, the bond woman, children of the bond woman, those born after the flesh that persecutes those born after the spirit. Born after spirit, children of the promise, children of the seed, children of God. There's these two different sides. What do you have? Church natural, church nominal. And then you have the church spiritual, the faith seed. Brother Brandham called it the royal seed. those that are church nominal. All you need in order to be um child of the flesh is just to be born. You can be as religious as you want. Religion doesn't change the designation of being a child of the flesh. To be a child of disobedience, that's just all the requirement for that is to be born after a man and a woman. But to be part of that spiritual body of Christ the bride, to be part of the royal seed of Abraham, to be a faith seed, there has to be a germ of life. And that German life is is ordained to be quickened. And I hope that you can see then that even in the language of the scripture that there can be babes on both sides. That there's children and that the children being born, God knows amongst them who's elected and who's not. And it comes in the process of time. Character manifests itself. And it's by their fruits that you know them. And we see this in the example of uh the seed of Abraham wherein the right seed of Abraham in the wrong womb of Hagar produced a wild man. So you said Abraham's the prop Abram was the proper father but Hagar was the wrong womb and so it brought forth Isaac or excuse me Ishmael who was a child of the flesh not heir of the promise. Abraham was old that Ishmael would live before him. God said no. Uh-uh. He's not the one. And Abraham, Abram's like, "Well, why? Why not, please?" He says, "No, it's got to come through Sarah." And then the right seed in the right womb, Abraham and Sarah produced an heir to the promise, which was Isaac. And then I I acknowledge just even maybe the paradox of it, but then when you come to Isaac and Rebecca, it's the right seed in the right womb that produces twins. And the firstborn, Esau, is a child of doubt. He's a child of the flesh. The Bible says he was a profane person. He despised the birthright and he ultimately marries, no surprise, a daughter of Ishmael. Why? Because that is who he affinity was with. His attitude towards the word, his attitude towards the promise kind of revealed what was inside of him. And even though Jacob was the shyer in pulling deals, it pleased God that he loved the birthright. He saw something special. And God set it forth again as an example that after your first birth, you're nothing but a child of the flesh. The flesh, that which is born of flesh is flesh. You must be born again according to a promise. So then you have Jacob who is the seed of faith. He is according to the promise Isaac and Jacob. It's through Jacob who becomes Israel that you have the seed of Abraham. And if you're not born through that, you weren't considered a part of Israel. There's these distinct children coming forth, babes that are born, and you'll only know who they are by their life. Now, I' I'd like to read a number of lengthy statements from one sermon, the invisible union of the bride of Christ. I encourage you to go listen to the sermon. I've told you uh last month just how much might even been before that just how much I've been drawing from this sermon and that series that whole series he preached that Thanksgiving weekend in 1965 for this particular series on when the youngans don't grow up. Some of you probably already have uh keyed in on this but this I'm not I haven't been hiding this. We're just now coming to it. This sermon as he opens the meetings with this sermon it is a rebuke to Leodysia. It's a correction of Leodysia and it's a clear rejection of denominationalism that the days of denominationalism are over. God's no longer working through denominations and you can claim all you want to, but if you hold your organization, you're dead. And he's making this point over and over again. So, he's saying this and it's more towards the middle. I think it's around paragraph 130. I didn't write it down, but he's talking about a modern woman who doesn't want children, but yet it's in her nature. And so what she'll do is she'll mother something. And he says, "Neither does the modern church want any of these here screaming, shouting, tongues speaking." Acts 2:38 youngans around around her. This is the modern woman. She looks at she looks at these youngans and she looks at these babes and she looks at their screaming and shouting their tongues and she's offended by them is what brother show. The modern woman, the modern church doesn't want these kind of babies. doesn't want kind of these children. He says, "Amen. Hallelujah." Why? He says, "She don't want any of them whooping and crying and screaming, "Amen. Hallelujah." Why? Such a child would immediately put her out of her denomination. So, it it's it's this image of how a modern woman doesn't want to have babies, but it's in her nature. So, she'll buy a cat, a little chihuahua, whatever it is. She's going to have her pet, and she's going to find some way to mother something, maybe even her boyfriend. Whatever it is, it's in her nature and she wants to do that. He says, "But if she was to actually bring forth a child then and it's screaming and it's crying and it's shouting, they that they would put her out of the denomination. That church wouldn't be received anymore. They had like if they had one like that in one of their churches, why they'd throw her out right quick." Right? So, this is this is where it's very Here's 1965. This is November 25th, 1965. Brother saying the modern church does not want Acts 2:38 youngans born by the spirit of God, born again, baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and then they're screaming, they're shouting, they're praising God, they're whooping and crying. He says the church doesn't want that. But then he makes this statement about this modern church. She's pregnant with something cuz she's bringing forth members all the time. So, she's still having babies, but she don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbing. Acts 2:38, what does he call them? Youngans. But then he says, miserable creatures that she thinks they are. So there's this intellectual modern church that would look at these these uh Pentecostals, they might call holy rollers or whatever they might call them, but this screaming and holling and blabbing, these Acts 238 tongue talking, shouting, whooping and crying, amen, hallelujah, uh, youngans. He says, she says those are miserable creatures. It would certainly embarrass her. it would ruin her and her educated ethical scientific society church that she belonged to here. They'd throw her out at the next council. She can't have it. So she so she don't want to be pregnant with the word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. And I will say this that the word can only bring forth word children. But brother Brandham is saying that the word can only bring forth these kinds of children that they may be screaming, they may be crying, they may be whooping, they may be speaking in tongues. It may be according to these things that happened in Acts chapter 2. He says she doesn't want to be pregnant with word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth born of the spirit of God. It has to be the spirit of God in it. No intellectual church joining creed going bobbed hair painted face. There's no such a thing as that in it in all of it. You don't find that in the word of God. You find an old-fashioned, sanctified, Holy Ghost-filled child born of the spirit of God screaming, hollering, shouting, praising God. Amen. This is what the Holy Spirit will do to somebody. Brother Bam teaches us that a birth is a mess. That it's that there's a change that comes. I think there's some that can make a doctrine out of it. Brother Bam said you can receive the Holy Ghost without sensation, but some people want to kind of bring it back in and say that you have to receive it with sensation. Brother Abraham's not changing his teaching on anything else in his scripture in his teaching throughout his ministry. He's saying that there's an attitude within the modern church that looks at those things and rejects them outright. Rejects them outright. What is it? It's that intellectual cold formal side which when he indictes them, he indictes the emotional fanatical unhind side too. Because both emotion and intellect reside in the mind and in the spirit. But he's saying this is what the Holy Spirit will do. You take somebody who's been a hardened sinner, the spirit of God fall on them, they may weep, they may cry. Even when when they're born again, they may shout, they may dance, they may speak with tongues. None of those are the evidence that they've been born again. But it can be the Holy Spirit working upon an individual, even just to work in their flesh. And even if we just reject those emotions and the the human response to spiritual stimulus, we could be rejecting the Holy Spirit. So he's he's really calling these things out. He continues, "This is very close to where we just were in those paragraphs. Notice what she loves. This church has been impregnated by something. Watch what she loves. It'll tell you what she's been impregnated with. Watch her lover. You want to see who she's in love with. The word says this, but she said, "My church says this." Then who is she in love with? She in love with her pastor. Is she in love with the the word? Or is she in love with her church? Who is her husband? Her own fruits prove what she is. Exactly. Right. shows what she is. And then his language in this is I find it fascinating because when we think invisible union of the bride of Christ and then he begins talking he's talking about a woman and her husband and your first husband being dead and this new spiritual union and he's talking about your first husband and that husband being dead. He's talking about children. So he says she was born first to Adam because that's her natural birth. So it it's showing that the church using Adam as the father. There's a church that's born after the flesh after Adam. And it's a this is just a natural church. Not church spiritual but church natural. And she never left that. She never left the natural way of things. That's a lover of the world. She claims that she's born the second time to Christ, but her lover is Adam yet because she loves the world. That's where her loyalty is to. And another thing, notice what kind of children she's bearing. Now, that to me is the real focus because now you have a woman who's bringing forth children. Says it tells what their papa is, whether it's the first Adam or second Adam. If the church brings forth a child of the second Adam, he acts the second Adam's way of acting like they did on the day of Pentecost. That's the really true second Adam's children. Their nature is like his and hers. Now, as I've read over that, listen to it, that church, a a true church, if a if a child is brought forth by the word of God as a child of the second Adam, then it's a product of Christ and through the word through the right channel. He say it's going to produce like he did on the day of Pentecost. Now, this is brother Brandham's going down a line here and I've skipped some of these other things where he says, you know, people not wanting to speak with tongues and not wanting to be embarrassed and what would they think, what would the neighbor think, what would the Joneses think? And so, he's covering a lot of ground in here and and he's he's set this up very plainly and I I cut out so much just to be able to read these statements where he says, "The modern church, which is born after the flesh, doesn't want babes that are born by the word of God. All right. And it may be because they scream and they shout and they speak with tongues. They say al hallelujah. They're whooping. They're crying. They're blabbering as brother Brandham said. There's all these different things he's saying that they don't want these screaming children that are coming as we'll read here in a moment. But brother Brandham, he's he's as he's making this point that's an amen to us. And it's an amen to who he's preaching to in a way. And he says this continue on much later in the sermon. At the end, both trees are coming to the seed and proving themselves because he's talking about the way someone acts. And he says, "Here we are right today. Leysia and the bride." Now he's really brought a distinction. He's rebuking and says, "If you do this, you're Leodysia." There's a certain characteristic of Leodysia. There's a distinction that he makes between Leodysian church and the bride. Here we are. Two trees growing up. The Leodysian tree and the bride. just as clear and pretty as it pretty as it can be in the scripture and right before eyes. You can't serve God and mammon. You can't be a virtuous bibleelving Christian and associate yourself in a the denominational affair. You just can't do it at the same time. One has got to be dead and let the other one live. Neither can you bear God's word son. So if this if it's denominational, if it's still if someone is still if it's the first atom, all you can produce is more first atoms. Neither can the church bring forth. They don't want one of them screaming children, shouting and speaking in tongues and all them things. This is what they don't want. The modern church doesn't want this. You can't do that in a denominational church. They won't have you. They don't bring them like that. They take them up and shake their hands and say if you believe you've got it and as long as you put your name on the book that's all you have to do. He says illegitimate. It's illegitimate children to the word still claim to be religion. There's that cold formal intellectual just accept it just ascent to it shake hands. And he's really calling that side out that reject an Acts 2:38 experience that reject the baptism of the Holy Ghost that reject gifts and signs and wonders and and even emotions, screaming and shouting, speaking in tongues, call them things holy rollers and cast them as a dirty name. He says, "Oh, that would be embarrassing." Calls them miserable creatures. And if you'll take the time to listen to this and then especially the next morning or the next evening, then the next morning he preaches this sermon. He preaches the next evening. He preaches a men a brother's breakfast full gospel business. Then he preaches another. And in this whole series, you listen to the whole thing. I just want to say this. This was a setup. Brother Brandham knew how to approach the church. He knew how to speak in such a way. You'll find that he does this often his ministry. We may take time here in the near future to show how that brother Bram says that the angel speaks to the church natural and the church spiritual because the church claims to be. They claim to be the church. So, he'll address them. He'll speak to them. He'll correct them. He'll give them a message that they need to be rebuked. And if they change, they prove themselves to actually be church spiritual. He said, "So, he speaks to both of them just the same because they claim to be something." And so, here, Brother Bradom, they claim to be Pentecostal. They claim to have the Holy Ghost. They claim to be born again. And he's actually setting them up because he's saying things that they really like. If you take time to listen to the series, you'll see how brother Brandham uses this. He's already established he's for a new birth. He's establishing he's for the restoration of gifts. He's establishing that you can't reject these things that you can't even denominate. You got to these are certain things that are sacred to the scripture. If you listen to invisible union, go listen to it again. You probably already see this. Uh but I just want to point this out tonight that it's more about the fruit of the union than it is about the union itself. Amen. The invisible union of the bride of Christ is more about the children that are coming forth and the fruit of the union than it is about the marriage itself. It's about the nature of the children coming forth, the nurture upon those children, the raising and establishing them and then what they what they're a proponent of and what they endorse and what they lift up. Because he says this nominal church is training children, having children, teaching them, raising them up. And we know then that if the children of disobedience and children of the flesh and children of the modern church have their teaching and have their doctrines and have their patterns, he's saying that the children who are born again, Acts 2:38, youngans, they have to have a Holy Ghost training, too. And he's pointing out that we we can claim to be married, but what kind of fruits are you producing? This invisible union is more about the fruit, about the children, about the babes, about the youngans, than it is so much about the union. But it is union time. Amen. And let me point this out. We'll soon be closing, but his audience was Life Tabernacle in Shreveport, Louisiana. Their pastor was Jack Moore. He was a Pentecostal, believed in the gifts, taught healing, didn't claim to have a healing ministry, but he was uh one of the beginners of the Voice of Healing magazine and also the herald of his coming. Became Christ for the nations later on and Gordon Lindseay was involved. But he was somebody that was a great figure within the Pentecostal movement. One that supported brother Brandham and opened up his doors. And brother Brandham in making reference to Herald of his coming. This is just the summer before 1964 actually. So the two summers before in recognizing your day and its message, he's talking about this great publication herald of Coming. And Jack my says they want a great awakening. They're crying believing that there'll be an awakening. They're good people. Why is it? What have they done? They have not recognized the awakening of the bride. So here he is a year later saying there's le oysia and there's the bride. There's the modern church and there's the church of God. There's a church natural, there's a church spiritual. And he's not just going to sum it all up in one service, but he's going to go through a whole series to try to shake them and get their attention. He says they have not recognized the awakening of the bride. Being a Christian, they feel the pull of the hour, but they haven't recognized what's been done. That's what's making them feel that way. They know something's supposed to happen, but they're looking for it way off in the future to come when it's already happened right by you. That's the same thing they did in the old days. They were believing in the coming Messiah. Think about what he just said. It happened before. They were believing in the coming Messiah. They believed that there'd be a forerunner come, but it was right on them and they didn't know it. They didn't recognize it. What was he saying that uh this heralding was coming and voice of the healing? These Pentecostals, what were they failing to recognize? the age of the bride, the age of the union, the age of the rapture, the adoption time. It was not a restoration of the gifts message. It was not a reformer's message. It was a it was the bride time, the bride age. And about this time that brother Brandon's preaching the invisible union of the bride of Christ, he's using a language to say this is not le to see an age. This is the bride age. We're not looking for a repeat of the day of Pentecost. He's saying that when the outpouring of the gifts, the restoration of gifts, the outpouring of the spirit manifest itself in Leodysia. That was a repeat of those things already. We can't we're not repeating Pentecost again. And so as he is I I say it was a setup because he he he he's vindicating and validating there's an Acts 238 experience. There is a new birth experience. But the way you live and your attitude towards the word is going to prove what kind of son you are. Anybody can impersonate tongues. And he goes, he he says at the very next service, anybody can be emotional. Anybody can look like a young, right? But do the youngans ever grow up into the image of the word? Amen. So he comes down and he says this. He says, "You say we got a grain of wheat. Be careful. It's just exactly like the grain, but there's not a bit of grain in it. It's the shuck. There's the Pentecostal. So much Matthew 24:24 said, "Dece to see the very elected in the last days, if it was possible." But you pull leaf by leaf back, you ain't got no grain. The grain's right back in the back of it succeeded again. It looks just like the one that went to the ground. And then the life comes out of that denomination and goes into the grain. Then what happens? You listening? Amen. Amen. This is this is so key to what he's saying because he's talking he's being very adamant about there being a birth. He's being adamant about there being a young and and being these new children, these babes, these blabbering, these tongue talking, Holy Ghost weeping and crying. He says when the grain begins to grow to get bigger so it can cover cover over something, the denomination pulls away from it. So it's got to grow. He says why we ain't got a denomination out of this. They never will be. It's the grain. It can't go no further. We're at the end time. So what does it have to do now? Lay in the presence of the sun to be ripened. That's exact the word to be ripened into your heart to bring forth and live what we're talking about. Yes, sir. Then you'll have no more doubts if you let the Holy Spirit reveal it to you. It's not chasing revivals. It's not the revival of something that's been, but it's the purpose of what the revival fires were for to come back to the seed again. Amen. And these one ones that have been birthed by the word. As the seed comes up, he says, "It's got to come to a place." And what do he say? It was baking all the greenness out. Yes, we were young. Yes, we were excitable. And we were had a lot of energy. But you got to use that energy to get somewhere. He says, "Let that word be ripened." lay those youngans, those that have been birthed by the word. It's in the grain. This is the time we're living in now. Amen. It's not message daycare. It's time to lay in the presence of the sun to be ripened. It's time to grow up. And if you'll do that, then you'll have no more doubts. If you'll let the Holy Spirit reveal it to you. And one of his themes in this is it's not about revivals. It's about revelation. And he he's going to great lengths just bringing out truths of the original sin. And he and he's speaking them in a way to say, look, even Genesis 4:16, what happened here? You have the seed of the woman and then you have the and you have the first son Cain which is after the flesh through the serpent and he's saying then you have Seth that comes is completely different nature different kind of creature and brother Bram's going over and over again and he's saying that this woman was a byproduct and this is why the fall came says the attributes that's in God had to be displayed this is the way God did it this way he said he has to be a savior and to make everything perfect the way he had it then there could be nothing lost And he says, "Oh, don't be children. Be men and women." We're at the end of the road. We're at the end road. Notice what he says. And he and he's saying it, and I believe that we should appropriately keep it in that channel. He says, "The church doesn't want to bring forth children at all." And that's what he rebukes the modern church for. They don't even want to have children. And really, what he begins to point out is they can't do it anyways. If they bring forth children, they're impregnated by something else. And they're bringing forth hybrids. They're bringing forth stillborn. They're not bringing forth children of the promise. They're bringing forth children of the flesh that are concerned only with the flesh. And you'll know them by how they grow up. They'll grow up to be an Esau. They'll grow up to be they'll grow up to be a profaneer. They'll grow up to be an Ishmael. They'll grow up to be a lot. They'll grow up to be something else. And you're only going to know as they grow up because as they both lay in the church, they can cry. They can shout. They can scream and they can blab all they want to, but you only know by how they grow up. He says, "Don't be children. Be men and women. We're at the end of the road." And with that as a foundation, I'd like to get to my text, but we'll invite you musicians to come, but listen to this. Just read. I want to read this. I won't go any further. Isaiah 32:1-4. This is speaking of a very specific time. Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness. This is a kingdom being ushered in. This is at the step of a millennial ushering of a millennial season, a time of king and queen. And princes shall rule in judgment. And a man shall be as a hiding place from the wind and a covert from the tempest, as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. For in a time of trouble, he shall set me up upon a rock. This is your rapture time. This is your rapture season. And then and the eyes of them that see shall not be dim. What's happening? It's not partial sight. It's not cloudy. It's not murky. Those that can see can see clearly. And the ears of them that hear shall listen will obey. And the heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge. And the tongue of the stammers shall be ready to speak plainly. There comes a time what follows the tongues if it's been genuine what follows the tongues is understanding and speaking plainly and young ones they'll have a language all to themselves but we're living in an hour we got we're speaking a new language a pure language the Bible says that's what we're feeding on is the unfailing bodily word of the son of man to give us a new language to speak with spiritual understanding to speak with revelation And as a spirit of God, we'll birth people into the kingdom of God. They're going to start as babes. And we have to have the kind of environment to nurture birth. The right kind of atmosphere, right kind of attitude towards the word of God so they can have new birth experiences. They can enjoy the presence of God. The spirit of God has liberty to move. But we got to stay on the right channel to know that where we're at in this end time, it's not frolic. It's maturity. Amen. It's not for show. It it's it's to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. And the Bible says there'll come a time when the tongues of the stammers, he says he'll speak with stammering lips and other tongues, but there'll come a time and I believe this time is now when the church grows up and she's ready to speak plainly. Amen. She'll have thus sayaeth the Lord. Amen. She'll be the final voice to the final age. If we could stand together and pray.
