################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Final Frontline - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   The Final Frontline
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVRWPcPG-Us
========================================

Description:
The Final Frontline
Sunday Service: April 27, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
1 Corinthians chapter 2 verse 16. For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him. This is not only that he can instruct God because we see that in the Old Testament, but it's also who can instruct the spiritual man. And so someone who does not have the mind of God is not qualified to instruct one who is spiritual. For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ. Believe that for yourself. We have the mind of Christ. You can be seated. A few weeks ago, we we had a youth meeting uh and I think it was I can't remember if it was last month and when it or when it was and we talked about uh the final front line. It's not this past youth meeting, but the one before that and we were talking about the battle that rages in heaven and that how it came down to earth and it's continuing now. And it was born from this thought that I'd been studying along these lines of services that we began with the art of seduction. And today we're going to take this thought the final front line. Front line could be uh battle line or the the war zone. Those are the phrases that we might use. Uh it's an area where uh com opposing forces and enemies meet on a battlefield. And that's where you actually engage in combat. So you can have enemy forces anywhere, but where the war actually the interaction, the fighting takes place is called a front line. It's that line of military action where these forces are now uh combating one another. And as you look at the definitions of war zone and battle and combat, uh I'm not a war veteran. I'm not wasn't former military, so I only speak by what I read. Uh it should conjure up images of violence. And so it's not a peaceful area. It's not an area where you're negotiating. It's an area where you're trying to overthrow and essentially kill your enemy uh that you might win the battle or ultimately the war. So that's our idea. I want to conjure up this idea of really uh fierce conflict and fighting. Now in 1 Corinthians chapter 2 verse 16, if you can look at this, this is where we started. And it says, "For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him, but we have the mind of Christ." I'm going to draw heavily from the greatest battle ever fought and some of these things were laying out here in the beginning, but we know that the mind is then the front line that they that's where the battle is taking place. It's where the enemies meet to test powers and they meet to test strength. So the we have the mind of Christ and that's a spiritual mind that comes from God. But then we have this human mind. So believers have the mind of Christ, but then we have this human spirit and this human mind and that's where the front line is. But we could take from this scripture to recognize and realize that as believers, we have the ability to know the mind of God, to know the will of God, to know what he wants done with the word. That's that's that inheritance we have as believers. In 2 Peter 3:18, it says, "But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever. Amen." We are to grow in the knowledge, the intelligence of Jesus Christ. Now, it's important to know that this growing in Christ and uh learning more of Christ and increasing in wisdom and those things that we could pull from the scripture is not an education of Christ or about Christ where we learn we're learning Christ in an academic sense or we're gathering information into the the battle in the mind or to that mind but rather it is a transformation of the mind into his. It's not an artificial conception. This isn't humanly contrived, but this is a work of God where we're going to grow in the knowledge of God and grow in God's intelligence. And this is not just learning things academically or in the mind, but rather it's a transformation. In Ephesians 4 7 to 20, I think that I hope that this will help us to understand this a little bit better. verses 17 to 20 it says this I say therefore and testify in the Lord that you henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk. So there's a way in a manner that Gentiles will walk and the Bible says Paul says in the vanity of their mind the vanity of the human spirit human thinking. And so to walk it's the way they conduct themselves the way they compute the way that they uh gather information the way that they respond. And this is the description of their mind having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. Now that's that's already a really really good burn on those Gentiles. He's really, you know, drilling down. The Gentiles are vain. Their understanding is darkened. They're alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. And he hasn't stopped. who being past feeling have given themselves over into lasciviousness to work all uncleanness with greediness. Now, it's at this this point where there's a lot of things that have been in my heart that I've been studying and I did it especially for young people in that the day and age that they're living in and the things that they have to combat and the things that they're digesting and the things that they're interacting with. Those tools though they have the same spirits behind them and they may have been more rudimentary rudimentary forms in the past the things that they're having to face and the tools that they have to use are vastly advanced from what we were using. Uh you could even find historically that books were a bad thing to some people. I find even historically that there was commentary ages and ages ago of how people were walking around with these tablets. I can't remember if they were zinc or what they were, but they would write things down on them and they'd keep these notes and and so there's always been something that might be a technology or some tool that we think can make our lives easier that could also uh have a downside to them, unintended consequences, so to speak. And one thing that stands out to me in this verse, I guess this is just where I want to drop this in, is it says Hubid past feeling, but yet they think and they do things and they operate in certain ways and they they walk in the vanity of their mind to feed the flesh, to dress themselves, to close themselves. And where we've advanced today, where I think even I was wanting to kind of lead the young people to this a few weeks ago, is the final front line. One of the one of the things they're going to have to fight the most is artificial intelligence. And you might think, "Wow, oh, brother Aaron's found his soap box." No. Uh, not going to do that. But AI or these large language models mimic the human brain and they're even able with the uh the deep AI to where they're getting to the point to where that it's built as a neural network that's operating and trying to function just as a human brain. So what they do is they teach it at to learn language and then model or mimic that language so that the whatever it is you're using uh is going to mimic a conversation or produce things just as a person would be able to do it. Now I think Wednesday night I am going I'm just going to uh announce it right now. We'll print flyers. We'll do a blast on social media, brother loyal, if you can help me with that. And we're going to preach faith or cake, Lord willing, Wednesday night. But it's in this idea that things can be artificial and impersonated a and it's all fake. It's no, it's not real. Has no feeling. And what they're trying to do is they're trying to achieve uh um achieve AI to the point to where it can actually experience as humans do where it has its own they call it stream. But then it says of the human mind and of the human experience. It says but you have not so learned Christ. I want you to think about that that there is the vanity of the mind and the way that the mind works and how the information can be fed into the mind and we can we can learn but yet as I think we'll come to here in a moment ever learning but never knowing truth that we have not so learned Christ. I really want you to think about this, brother Benam in the sermon leadership says, "Look how it's become now just an intellectual emotion." There's a lot of things sometimes that are said where maybe there you hammer on emotion or then that you get hammered on intellect and these different sides to it. They're both the same thing. Uh you're you're just seen in a loop. If you're if you're you know calling out emotionalism, you're calling out intellectualism. They're both the same thing. So he says it's become intellectual emotion, not a tender heart full of love and sweetness towards Christ. I've noted it here that this is what le oysia has become intellectual, emotional and it doesn't have this heart full of love and sweetness towards Christ. That's real feeling. This is something real. Don't you want that kind of heart? How are you going to face Christ with an intellectual conception of him? Right? You have got to accept eternal life. So, we have not learned Christ by intellect or emotion. It's not because we feel good that we know Christ is real. It's not because we have learned or heard of him uh uh from our mom or from somebody else that we know that is real. But it's by transformational experience. Amen. According to the word of God, real genuine new birth experience, the the experience of continual revelation of himself. Amen. 1 Chronicles chapter 28 verse 9 says, "And thou Solomon, my son, know thou the God of thy father." Now notice uh uh the way that this experience is to be described or as I'm trying to amplify here, you have not so learned Christ. In other words, you haven't learned Christ in that manner. You've learned him differently. and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind. This is a this is for us. We should serve with a perfect mind and a willing heart. A perfect heart and a willing mind. For the Lord searchth all hearts and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts. Isn't that interesting how that it speaks of the mind of God in conjunction with the mind that you ought to have towards him. So then it says, "If thou seek him, he will be found of thee, but if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off forever." So we are to seek him. That word seek means to study, to investigate, uh to inquire. It has kind of this meaning of to seek with a request. I I begin to think that the word that we might use today is Google him or googling. We're googling. So whenever we go to pray, we can say I'm just going to be googling. And I think that if if you can kind of catch where I'm going with this, this is a very heartfelt uh I wanted to say perfect uh and the way I was looking as the perfect mind and the willing heart and that you're going you want to have this desire. You're you're understanding it's in a completely different way. So you're not just seeking information, but you're wanting to investigate the heart of God. You want to understand him and you want to know as he understands the imaginations of your heart. As Paul said, I want to apprehend him as he has apprehended me that there's this desire to where you want to prompt God's mind. You you want to seek something from him. You want to go to the source of all knowledge and all intelligence. Paul said it in 1 Corinthians chapter 2:2, "For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. This is uh Paul saying that I'm resolved to teach nothing but Christ. I want to wave all other knowledge. He's even in one place he said I count it all but dong and preach only Christ and if I if I use things Paul was very good at uh bringing in uh pop culture references at that time and using them as a way to stimulate people's thinking but he wasn't pointing to the pop culture reference. He was wanting to use things to focus their mind to and lift up only Christ. He says of Christ in Romans 11:33, "Oh, the depth of the riches, both of wisdom and knowledge of God. How unsearchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out." Now, I think we've run into a little bit of a paradox because we are asked to search him, seek him, to inquire of him, to investigate him, to want to know his heart and his mind. And Paul says, "I'm determined to know nothing but Jesus Christ." But then it says, "The depths of his riches and the wisdom and knowledge of God are unsearchable." This is before they had web crawlers. And this is this is a time it's unsearchable. There's so much knowledge in the world today and we have no way of tapping it. It's uncarchable and his judgments and his ways past finding out. Unarchable it means it literally means cannot be searched out. is the negative of to search out diligently. So there's it kind of throws up this uh barrier all of a sudden or a firewall that says you can't search that. You can't look for that. You don't have the permissions necessary. But yet we're told to seek him and inquire of him. 1 Corinthians chapter 2 9 and 10. This is where I believe that it's uh will maybe quicken something here to see this 1 Corinthians chapter 2:es 9 and 10. that as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. As we read all of 1 Corinthians chapter 2, I believe on Wednesday night, this tells us that in the mind, human mind, it cannot apprehend God. It's an enemy of God. It cannot go know God. And so I ear and heart have are not able to connect with or know the things of God. Verse 10. But so if we are in our human minds, eye, ear, and heart of the man are unable to inquire of God. His ways are past finding out. We can't reach out and get into the mind of God through those things. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. This is this is what the holy the nature of the Holy Spirit is to inquire of God is to look into the heart of God and the mind of God. For the spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God. How is it then that we are to seek after him? How is it that we're trying to gain access to his mind a and to his heart? It's not through the human mind, but it's through the mind of Christ that is inside of us that we're being implored to dig deeper into his heart to tap into that real heart of flesh. It's the deep in you seeking the deep. I've been amazed and just taking note of how many AI models or research groups or brands are connected with deep and even the pro the principle itself is deep is what they're calling it. It's a deep AI, deep seek, deep mind because there's this pattern in scripture that the spirit of God searches deeply. 1 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 5, that in everything you are enriched by him in all utterance and in all knowledge, richly furnished by Christ in the mind of Christ. That's what utterance is. That log go in the mind of Christ and his in all knowledge, his intelligence. I don't want to just know of him. I don't even I'm not just interested in uh uh knowing about his works. I want to know his heart. I I want to know why he does the things he does. I want to know what it is he's trying to accomplish. To have the mind of Christ to know what he wants done with the word goes beyond just having the mind of Christ to know what the word says, but know what he's trying to achieve by it. This is a vastly different intelligence. In Romans chapter 15:14, "And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another." That being filled with goodness and filled with his knowledges and intelligence, it puts us in a place to where we can admonish one another. We are not solely existing within our human mind having this human experience. But since we have the mind of Christ, then we are spiritual and we can judge and we can instruct and we can admonish one another. I believe Ephesians chapter 3 17 to 19 touch on it this way that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith being rooted and grounded in love. This is this growth, this development, this maturing as he gets into in chapter four that we may be able to comprehend. This is conceive. No, with all saints, what is the breadth and the length and the depth and height? There it is. That's that uh you're not just playing 3D chess. You're playing 4D chess chess. You're this is this is the full uh the full thing. You want to have the the breadth, the length, the depth, and the height. This is everything in context and the proper scale and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge. When he tells us that we're to seek him and to know him and that we're to be filled with all knowledge, the knowledge here he's talking about again is that human wisdom, the human understanding that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God. Seems to be sometimes maybe contradictory claims where I believe that you are full of goodness and filled with all knowledge, able to admonish one another. And yet there's this working out of that knowledge that passes human knowledge that we might be filled with all the fullness of God. What is in you by DNA? what is in you by code, what is in you by the mind of Christ and the grace of God that is in you through the new birth. There is this maturing and working out of those things. It's the maturing of the life of God and the body of Christ. It's the maturing of the life of God in the individual. Ephesians 4 will tell us that we're to grow up into him into all things. God is wanting to produce mature believers, steadfast, solid. Amen. And we have to look at it in the context of the day and age that we're living in. So this might be a little bit of a pivot now. A little bit of a turn. God is doing those things in order to fulfill his purpose, his overarching purpose, his specific purpose in this hour and his purpose in you individually. It's the purpose of defeating the enemy. And in this age, it's defeating death. The last enemy which is in death, which is death. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 13. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God. This is that warfare context. That you may be able to withstand in the evil day. That means oppose fight. And having done all to stand. That means hold your ground. That we are to put on the whole armor of God. You can find the description of these things in Ephesians chapter 6. that with these things and these elements and tools of warfare which we know are not carnal but mighty through God, we are to oppose and to fight evil in the evil day, unbelief in the evil day, the day that we're now living, the most evil of all days. And having done all, we are to stand and to stand therefore prepared, ready to fight. Amen. God has given us the mind of Christ or the mind of Christ is so that we can understand his will to know his will and to accomplish it. As we were identifying Wednesday night that true intelligence is this prudence, this reasonleness, this the right thing in a given situation where when somebody does something and you go, "Well, that wasn't very smart." And if somebody did something and it worked, you say, "That was smart." What are you referring to? the ability in the moment to process the information that's being given to them and make a decision based upon what they're seeing that addresses what's happening. And when it's addressed appropriately, like that's that's that is intelligent. It's not a a blind squirrel just accidentally finding a nut even though he was trying to find one and he stumbles on it. But using this intelligence to accomplish the right response or the objective, right? As the Bible says that God's word will accomplish the thing wherein to it sent it as the rain falls and brings forth in this process the seed so that it can be used for meat and used for bread. The same with God's word. That's an intelligence. Brother Brandham was saying, in nature, and we're given this intelligence to fight, to war, a good warfare. In the sermon, the greatest battle ever fought, it says, so an army first is getting ready for battle. First, there's got to be a select some soldiers. So, if you're going to go to battle, you got to there's could be a draft, it could be a voluntary enrollment, but you need soldiers. You got to select soldiers. He says, "Then they've got to be dressed for fighting. They've got to be trained for fighting." I believe that the greatest battle that was ever fought is now ready to go in action. Now, let's just pause for a moment. You've got to be dressed and then you got to be trained for what? Fighting. We're not going to ComicCon, right? and and we want our social media page to look real good. We're going to war. Listen, these these outfits and this cosplay you see may look good, but completely nonfunctional, right? Right there. There's no I wish I knew the names of these people, but there's no real there's no Spider-Man cosplay that's going to be able to actually produce spiderw webs like real actual spiderw webs. and I I'm going to get somebody's going to forward me a tweet this afternoon and somebody's done it. I'm like, well, you know, okay, I'm wrong. Just say I'm wrong and say, see what the devil can do just like that. He knew I was going to say that. But it's all that's not real. But there this outfit of the believer is for very real conflict. Called it outfit, your your war gear. And then he says, this is key to catch. And I believe that the greatest battle that ever was fought is now ready to go in action. There's always been a battle that's raged. There's always been warfare. But now he's kind of put it in in the terms that there's going to be this greatest battle ever fought. And it's it hasn't been fought yet. So the war is building to this climax, to the greatest battle. Yes, there's always been a war, but now the greatest battle, this highest point of conflict, this high watermark, so to speak. I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. I believe he's been dressing them, training them, and the battlefront is now set, getting ready to start. As he says this in 1962, he brings it to a point to where he's not saying nobody's fought before. He's not saying there's not a war that's raging, but there's coming some ultimate conflict that God has been dressing the believer for. He's been training them for. He says the battle front is now set. the the the they're they're now gathering on the front line. The forces are gathering on the front line and the war is getting ready to be triggered. So, think then of this final front line and why are we fighting? What are what are we what are we engaged in this conflict for? I imagine that if you look at most arguments within families and probably with anybody that the very thing that initiated the discussion is not what's being fought over anymore. And then when it comes time to try to really address the issue, you got to address the way that you tried to uh confront it. So we're never going to never going to fix the problem because the way that we try to fix the problem and you're always trying to fix the way that you try to fix the problem and the problem just stays unfixed. So you want to you want to know what are we what is this fight for? I witnessed some something recently in uh in the context of where someone was retained to make a very specific request or to accomplish a very specific objective. And when the overtures were were offered, they were uh kind of just disregarded and it delved into a debate and and an argument and a lot of conflict over everything else but the request. And it's the tactic of the enemy to do that when you are when even if you understand your objective and you know what you're fighting for, there's always going to be some sort of faint or some movement or some action to try to get you off your objective and to get you fighting all these other things and say, "Well, hold on. Wait a minute. It doesn't matter what interest I represent and why." Or it doesn't matter. This is the very specific thing. This is what's going we want to accomplish. This is what you're being asked to provide or asked to do. All this other stuff is immaterial. And I believe it's the devil sometimes that tries to broaden our view of certain things and put it in the view when God's wanting us to be very focused. The final front line is where we're coming to. It's where we are. I hope that this doesn't seem out of place, but I believe it's important to emphasize these things even to do so on a regular basis. When I say out of place, just maybe in the continuity of this sermon, but in Revelations 10:7, after this book which is now opened is coming back down to earth and the seven thunders have uttered their voices and John being about to write, he says, "Don't write it. It's going to be sealed up." But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither has entered into the heart of men the things which God prepared for them that love him. But God has revealed them to us by his spirit. It's a pattern of a mystery that is sealed up and that God will reveal that divine mystery. He will make it known. He will share it. And here it says the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. We understand according to the word of God that a mystery revealed is a declaration of war. And here when we see the mystery of God is going to be finished. This mystery being revealed is it's a declaration of war. It's this it is a climaxing the greatest battle ever fought. There's some kind of become comes some finality. Think of it this way that in the fall in the beginning through unbelief which is sin entered and it caused death. And so what we have experienced through this the stream of humanity for these thousands of years is man's struggle with sin and death. But there's going to become the ultimate triumph over death. Sin having been vanquished through the work of Jesus Christ on the cross. There comes this ultimate triumph over death. And so this war that is raged in humanity and if you want to say from the Garden of Eden, it was it's going to be the results of that initial move by Satan is going to be overturned because unbelief is destroyed. And ultimately our revelation of that is going to accomplish our victory over death. So with this mystery being revealed, it's a declaration of war. In 1 Corinthians chapter 14:8, it's a very broad p principle. We just want to share it with you here. He says, "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself for battle?" If the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to fight, to war? Who's going to know how to dress and who's being properly trained? How you going to know how to respond? Right. So in war, if the the signal that's being given is un is in disccernible, if you can't figure it out, if it if you're if you're if it's supposed to be dan dan dan but a field but a field but a field and you're hearing something else, guess what? You're not going to know what to do. Is that revelation? Should I go to bed? Should I wake up? What should I do? But the certain sound is the word of God giving us the battle plans. Amen. The certain sound that trumpet of God that that that's what's giving us what we need to know. If I could put it in the context of we being filled with the Holy Spirit as we have now we want the mind of Christ to be in us. Amen. This transformation by the renewing of our minds in the sermon power of transformation. Brother Bram says we are now ready for a battle. And he says this at the outset of preaching a sermon. I look no listen to how I say this. I have it um kind of summarized here. But as he's getting ready to preach the word, he says, "We are now ready for a battle. The trumpet is to sound." So through the preaching of the word, it's the sounding of a trumpet. And as that trumpet sounding, you know, there's a war on and now there's a move that needs to take place. So think even in this sense that yes there's things that are uh relevant as far as a trumpet to an age or even trumpets that uh uh speak of mysteries and things take transpiring but even now the word of God signaling to us what we ought to do and what we ought to know and how we ought to live and to act. And so he says now we're ready for warfare. The trumpet is to sound. And I love this. He says the hymns have been sung. Now comes the word. Singing and hymns and all that should never have the preeminence. One thing that this is maybe just me personally, maybe I've just got my feelings hurt when I've preached camps and I've preached maybe eight services in three days and Saturday night is the skit, right? And then and when it's all said and done, and maybe this just speaks to my ability to really mess up a youth meeting, but afterwards, that's what everyone's testifying about. You're like, well, you know, I was the side I opened. I opened for the youth group. It was just doing a bit just working some material for a while. But this after the singing he says now comes the word. So I would I would uh express that yes the singing the worship prepares our hearts and our minds. It's a way that we even will use to cleanse our wash our minds and get ourselves in into the frame of mind to what? Hear the trumpet sound to hear the word of God. It has its place. But those things are it's preparation. Pre- battle. The word is where the war takes place, where the fighting takes place. The singing and the worship and the hymns, they have their place. It's part of the part of our preparation. But the sword in my hand is not used to play a violin. Revelations 10:es 8-11. Now is the mystery of God's been finished. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." I know these are so familiar with you. And under the angel and I went unto the angel and said to him, "Give me the little book." He's doing what he was told according to the message. The voice from heaven said, "Go and ask for the book." And when he comes to the angel who has the book and he asks for it, notice he reveals things to him by his spirit. John at one time couldn't read. I have not seen nor heard it into the heart of the man the things which God has prepared for them that love him. But when that book was open, he could look into it. And now he's looking into it. Now he's told to go and take it. And now watch how the revelation just continues to unfold. More light. Take it and eat it up. So now this is a a a greater process of not of conceiving the word of God. Take it and eat it up and it shall make thy belly bitter but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. He is to eat the book and in processing it there sweet in his mouth but bitter in his belly. The the phrase that's used there of a bitter belly is it will pierce the womb of the mind. A bitter belly is and where I'm drawing that from is the fact that belly in the Bible is even translated to womb. And the and just as one would uh take in nutrients and then this digestive process will take out of it nutrients and energy and life to feed the body and sustain the body and there's this uh reception of food and this processing of it to give the body its energy. Here it says that it will be the make your belly bitter. It will pierce your belly. Amen. It's this piercing of the womb of the mind as the Bible says that he will prophesy again. He says, "I ate it. It was sweet in my mouth and it pierced my belly." But he says with this piercing now you can prophesy again. The final front line is eating the book and processing this process of conceiving the word of God. Now in the beginning the fall is through eating conceiving. In the end the victory is through the same. The opening of the word was for a reason. The sermon things that are to be. Brother Brandham was talking about what heaven was like and what people experiences heaven and floating on clouds with harps and those things. He says, "But that was a conception they had before the fullness of the word come into existence." An idea, a thought. Where did it reside? In the mind. But then at the open of the seals, he says, before the word come into existence, the opening of the seals that's promised to us in this age that we then understand what's happened in your mind, you had a conception. But once the word opened up, you conceived the right thought. There's this idea I had in my mind about the resurrection. There's this idea I had in my mind about heaven, about the rapture. But when the word is opened up, I now receive the true seed. And and it's not so much intellectually, but as I open those channels up, it pierces me into my soul. And then I understand it opens up our understanding. The opening of the word was to produce a a a quickening power to change our thinking to bypass human reasoning, human conceptions, intellectual conceptions, emotional conceptions, and and and rightly divide the word of God to quicken power within ourselves. The time that we're living in today, as we can see this in just a few statements here from the sermon, Christ is revealed in his own word. He's and he's he's going through the process of church ages a and the development of the body and just using it as a type of where we are today. And now the next is himself to come. We know that the baptism of the Holy Ghost makes way for the Holy Ghost himself. He says it's seen prophetic. So now he's in this different uh realm. He says down through the age we started from the foundation from the first church when the seed went into the ground the complete seed. Then it come out through the feet Luther back out then in through Wesley then into the Pentecostals the tongues in the lips. Now it's in the eyes prophetic of Malachi and so forth and and it's just using the human body and as things work up and he says you have the lips which is Pentecost it's le oysia but then you have a prophet that comes in le oysia and he becomes the keystone in the blending of dispensations or ages and it's in the eyes prophetic he says and now there's nothing else left and what a lot of people want to do is say glory put a period on it stop the tape he says nothing else left for it to come but him himself to step into that because that's the last thing there is the next is the intelligence and we have no intelligence of our own it's his we have no sight of our own so the time that we're in at this this age this climax and this greatest battle ever fought is that we're not to use weapons in this warfare that are carnal or not fully developed and ready, but he we have to have intelligence. I know it's a an oxymoron in the military to have military intelligence is what they say is that military intelligence is an oxymoron. in light of God's intelligence that we are to brother talks about spies and how they try to counteract their enemy and so they have spies who get this intelligence and they get the intel and they go in and they find out oh this is what they're using then I want to build something to counteract that and warfare is knowing your enemy and warfare is knowing what they're able to accomplish and what they're able to do so he says for us the next is the intelligence that's the time we're living in now God's given us the intelligence himself Think of what an incredible evolution to this point. He says it again this way in the same sermon. You can't see with the lips though it speaks. That was the Pentecostal age. Notice the advancement of the life out of Leoa. But now it's in the eye time seeing. There isn't one faculty beyond the eye. Is that right? The next is the intelligence. Amen. You're talking about the sense. And you say there's nothing that moves or has a sense beyond the eye. You go, but what about my eyebrows? I can convey information using my eyebrows but we understand what he means here. The next is the intelligence he says which is Christ who controls the whole body. That's right. The intelligence that had come. The intelligence is Christ himself. In Philippians it says let this mind be in you which was also in Christ. Very specifically he's referring to their a particular way of seeing yourself and understand your relationship to God. But let's look at it in the sense that the sense that you have the mind of Christ. You are filled with goodness and full of the knowledge of God. So let it be in you. Let it exist. Let it come into being in you. In my flesh, I shall see God. Let him stand upon the earth and my two feet. Let my eyes be his eyes. Since these two eyes are useless in seeing God, let me yield my whole being to God so that these eyes can be his eyes. Amen. Let this mind be in you. In the sermon identification, brother V says, "Let the mind of Christ come into us." The Bible said, "Let the mind that was in Christ be in you." He says, "That changes our character." Isn't that beautiful? It's We say, "Wow, suffering changes our character." How many of us know people who've really, really suffered and they're still the same knuckleheads? My goodness, what are you going to have to go through in life to learn anything? So, it's not just suffering. that perfects our character. There has to be some quality that can be perfected. There's a lot of lumps of coal that go through the process, a lot of elements, a lot of dirt, a lot of things that can get pressurized, but they never turn into diamonds. And you have just the right kind. When you have this mind of Christ, if you'll let it be in you, then that's what can form and forge the right kind of character. It's the intelligence. It's the grace of God. Amen. Do you realize some of us lived our lives and we suffered and we were abused as children? We were uh rebellious as teenagers. We went full on in the world and lived lifestyles as adult young adults and we suffered and we suffered and we suffered and we suffered and we experienced all sorts of things and it was suffered and suffering and our our character and our integrity and our honesty and our decency never changed. Never changed. And then you get born again and very quickly you start maturing. and you start growing and then the suffering is translated into character. I can testify it can take a long time. I'm I'm almost in my 40s now. Seriously, why'd you guys laugh? I am I'm almost in my 40s, right? I'm I mean, I'm 50. You're almost almost in my 40s. I know it's taken me this long to really start healing, maturing. I'm I'm just testifying for other knuckleheads that you that it's in you. Let it be in you. Let it grow in you. It changes our character. The word opens to bring Christ the intelligence. And if I could say this, not that he was never in in the believer, not that the mind of Christ wasn't available, but this is a specific moment. It brings Christ to the front line. To engage Satan in the battle, not just in the mind, but for the mind. Satan has always fought this. He's always fought this word. The parables of the sewer, we see that Christ, the son of man, goes and he sws seed. that seed being sown, the wicked one's right there to sew his other seed behind it. That when the word goes forth, there's always the enemy right there trying real quick to catch it. Matthew chapter 13 verse 19, when anyone hearth the word of the kingdom, I'm just using this now as a uh an overview of how Satan works. When he hears the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not, notice how critical this understanding is. Then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which receives seed by the wayside. Verse take from this. Satan is always opposing the word. That's the mark of the antichrist. It's anti-word. It's against the word by any means necessary to devalue, make ineffective, obscure, lie about the word, change the word. And when anyone hears the word and they do not it's not grasped or apprehended by the soul by the spirit which is in them then anything that remains as intellectual or emotional faith is subject to theft. Anything that is uh it's the lie of emotional faith. It's the failure of intellectual faith that can be manipulated. This is what they're finding out with these large language models. They can be manipulated and hallucinate. We didn't have have to look any further than organized religion to know that if you feed upon enough information and you're limited by human language, you're going to start hallucinating. Man, did not we have the most awesome anointing? All three of the godhead were in there. Hallucinations. Actsap 7:51. I know he's speaking to people. You stiff necked and uncircumcised in heart and ears. You do always resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did. So do ye resist to advance, to oppose, to strive against. You war against the Holy Ghost. You fight against the Holy Ghost. Why? Because they're stiff necked, uncircumcised in their hearts, not being born again. The only tool they have is their mind and what it hallucinates. Their mind and what it imagines, their mind and what it feels and its in instinct if whether it be intellectual or manifest intellectually or emotionally, its instinct is to fight the word of God. So no matter how much it sounds right and it feels good if it's only the mind, it's used and it's susceptible to fighting and resisting the true word of God. 2 Timothy 3:7 says it this way. Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. Sitting on the outside observing things the creation's true. There's realities. True. There's things that we could say are real, but these people just exist in learning and gathering information, but they never know it in reality. They never know truth. That's so the knowledge of the truth. That's Alaththenos. It's reality. I want to quote brother Bobby Bobby Frost. Robert Frost is probably how you know him. But I think I have that right. I had to put Robert Frost on there so that you didn't try to go find the sermon the secret sits. Like, is this one of the new ones they've uncovered? Someone generated it using AI and it sounds just like Brother Brown. This is a This is the entire poem. The secret sits. We danced around in a ring and suppose, but the secret sits in the middle and knows. Capitalizes the secret. We dance around in a ring and suppose, but the secret, the mind of God, the heart of God sits in the middle and knows. If we don't have the Holy Ghost, if it's intellectual, emotional, we are si dancing, dancing around in a ring, and supposing, but it's in the mind of Christ in the heart of God that we know. Amen. We sit in the middle and know. We're not just observing reality. We're partaking in it. Right? Brother Brandham says in the sermon leadership, this is so you could see that Satan's always opposing the word, ever learning but never able to come to the knowledge of truth. Brother Brandham says, 'Oh God, please Lord, catch this day that we're living. Notice the time and the moment that we're living in. So he's describing Leo to see. Oh, it's so hard, Father. Satan has just done so much to the people. Their hearts have become stony. The hardness of our heart is because of the abuses, the lies, the the toxicity, the all these different things that we might want to use modern buzzwords for, but religion and Satan's lies and fanaticism and intellectualism and emotionalism have hardened our hearts. Your spirit speaks right out. Your word comes forward, vindicate. But the oldfashioned born again experience, he says it's become into a denominational intellectual conception. And people say, "Praise God. Hallelujah. Stop the tape. Yeah. He says, "A lot of music, a lot of shout, a lot of carrying on, glory. I want to shout and carry on." But, uh, I don't want to be guilty of an intellectual conception. Do you realize that intellectual conception makes you shout and dance and run around and a lot of carrying on, right? There has to be some there's some process that triggers that something that's working uh uh in the in the within the system of the human body, the human spirit and the human mind that produces those things. Right? When we looked it into the word of God, we found oh those things are human nature. It's a h a human response even to stimulus. So it's become denominational. A lot of music, a lot of shout, a lot of carrying on intellectual conception. Those are the things that Leodysia has become. And with this intellectual conception comes a lot of emotion. But he says, but really that heart of flesh, that spirit, that eternal life, it's become foreign to the church. The heart of flesh, the real feeling, what kind of feeling? The mind of Christ. That kind of sensitivity, that kind of knowing. There's going to be another book of Acts. It requires another attempt by Satan to war against the word. I I'm I want to press I want to press further in this. I I feel like I can't know if I'm I don't know if I'm at an hour or how close I am to this, but I still have some more to go. I think I can go through this very quickly, but this is real this is real meat right here. If there's going to be another book of Acts, which we believe there is one being written, then Satan has to be there opposing the work of God. It's the acts of the Holy Spirit. Now, we have the Holy Spirit himself. We have the intelligence. If he's here, Satan's going to oppose that. Acts 12:4 and Acts 6:7. I'll read both of them. But the word of God grew and multiplied. The word of God became greater. It multiplied. It increased. Be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth. Now, we see at the genesis of the Christian church, the word of God grew and multiplied. This is the book of Acts. Acts 6:7. And the word of God increased and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly. And a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith. This is the book of Acts. This is the the acts of the Holy Ghost. It is the word growing producing obedience to truth. If you do not see the word growing and you do not see obedience to the truth, that is not another book of Acts. That is the same book of Acts that could be impersonated. It can be it could be acts of the Holy Spirit where God is going to heal because he promised himself to that people these things could happen. But the real heart of the book of acts is the Holy Spirit which is gives us understanding and wisdom that grows. If it's not the word growing and obedience being produced then it's not the full book of acts. And where the word of God is growing and increasing and it's producing obedience to the word of God, Satan is nearby to stop it. Notice in the book of Acts how he tries to do so. We're talking about the final front line. Acts 13 6 to10. And when they had gone through the aisle unto Pos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Bar Jesus. Interesting. Son of Jesus, son of Joshua, son of salvation, son of healing. They're signifying divine counsel. He's a sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, and a name that would associate himself with Jehovah, which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God. I love this because he doesn't desire a miracle. Doesn't desire him to prophesy over him. Isn't desiring that he would make him wealthy or rich. He wants to hear the word and where there's a hunger to hear the word of God, Satan is right there to try to make it hard. But Almus the sorcerer for so his name is his name by interpretation. Now this is the same false prophet Jew named Bar Jesus. He's Almus which is wise man. Notice the characterization this takes on as a prophet, a Jew. So one of the circumcision we could say today a believer or Christian but he's a sorcerer. He appears to have divine counsel appears to be a wise man is associated with h salvation and healing but he withtood them. I hope that you're reading this in the Bible or just noting it down so you could read these words for yourself. Withtood them seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith. And as he does so, I I I want you to read into this because as he was with Sergius Paulus, and I could imagine that if I I'm just uh I'm just imagining here, but I'm going to take it back to scripture so you can see where I'm coming from. If Almus or Jesus was with this deputy, let's say that they knew each other, their acquaintances may be friends, and Sergio says, "I really want to hear the word that Paul's preaching." And the Bible says that he was subtle. Almus was subtle. So then I imagine that he didn't say, "Paul, he's false prophet. Paul is ignorant. Paul is this." And immediately start to tear down Paul because Paul could not be accused of being ignorant. Paul could not be accused of, "Well, he's just some sort of ruffian out of Nazareth." No, Paul had a reputation. Yes. He wasn't a pushover. He might have said, "Well, yeah, we know Paul is wonderful." But we also and and this and he used some means that was subtle because the Bible says Paul who's also Saul who is also named called Paul filled with the Holy Ghost set his eyes on him and said, "Oh, full of all subtlety and all mischief." So he was using subtlety like the serpent in the beginning who doesn't come out and say God there is no God. Who told you you couldn't eat of the trees? There's no God that can tell you that these trees are here. They naturally occurred. You how long it took us to get here? Two billion years. Come on woman, eat. Enjoy it. It's the subtlety of the serpent. What is he doing through his subtle tries to prevent the deputy from receiving the word? And Paul says, "Full of all subtlety, all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord." So instead of controverting the right ways of the Lord in that here's the right way of the Lord, he says, "No, let's serve Satan." It's a perversion. What is a lie? Truth perverted. There's a righteousness. And what becomes unrighteous is you just tweak or change truth a little bit. your subtlety. You always pervert the right ways of the Lord. This is Satan's agenda. We're on the final front line. Satan's emmo has never changed. He's going to try to pervert the right ways of the Lord. He's going to fight the word of God growing and multiplying. He's going to fight the word of God increasing. He's going to fight it producing obedience to truth. In 2 Timothy 3:8, as it says, ever learning and ever able to come to the knowledge of the truth. In verse eight, now as Janice and Jammers withtood Moses, so do these also resist the truth. Men of corrupt minds reprobate concerning the faith. And it was resistance by mimicking. Wow. Resistance by imitation. Yes. It's resistance by saying we got that plus he does that. We can do this. This is what the prophet did. This is what we can do. There's a lot of Jamis and Jambers today that are trying to stand on the platform that brother Brandham stood on and take his place and use gifts out of turn. But it's the spirit of Janice and Jambers that withstand the truth. Thou always pervert. He always perverts the right ways of the Lord. Acts chapter 16 to 18. I'm saying if God is writing another book of acts, you're going to see this characteristic of Satan as well. And it came to pass as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with the spirit of divination met us which brought her masters much gained by sooththesane. She has a spirit of divination. She is a prophetist. She is a sorcerer. She's one that can divine and say things. And they were able to use this wicked spirit. Her handlers, her masters used her for profit, for gain. And notice what the spirit of dividation is able to do. The same damsel followed Paul glory and cried saying, "These men are the servants of the most high God, which show us unto the us the way of salvation." He William Brandham has thus sayeth the Lord. He's God's prophet. Follow him. This is the word for the day. This is right. this woman with this evil spirit was able to follow Paul and us and say the right thing it seems and she did this many days but Paul being grieved I mean you know what many of us today would have said can I get this could I could I just record a little Tik Tok a little testimonial from you I want to include this in my digital newsletter we'd had a YouTube short, we would have turned into a full feature film. We would have done a documentary on this damsel. I mean, you know how she's got it? She's figured it out. See how vindicated we are? But Paul was grieved by it. Turned and said to the spirit, "I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her." And he came out of he came out the same hour and her handlers were mad because now they lost their cash cow. I'm not calling the woman a cow. I'm just saying she brought them money. it. This was the spirit of make believe opposing the word. How did it do it? Through a spirit of divination that seemed to be expressing truth. But the spirit of divination, that word is pythos. It's a reference to that Python serpent or dragon. And the serpent and the dragon had no problem paring truth, mimicking truth, saying truth, but she followed many days. Never repented, never received Christ, never was baptized. There's no doubt that they would have been teaching and preaching and she would have heard it, but it shows she followed many days without obedience. Paul wasn't quick to rebuke the spirit, but after many days, it was clear. It showed its colors. When it came to the word, it said no. But when it came to the theatrics of following and the movement, she was just fine with it. The final front line, the final front line is that climactic point where we overthrow all intellectual and emotional faith to fully possess the promise. Where we are today, Satan now fights the true believer, a revelation of the word in this time of a rapture. I see that you're getting weary, so I'm going to I'm going to keep pressing on. If you're pretending to be asleep to try to get me to stop, I mean, you're asleep already, so wake up so I can finish. Recall how we were ministering on those two and a half tribes that come right up to the borderline. They have a lot of cattle and God said, "Come in and obey me and I'll give you water for your cattle. You'll plenty of grass for your cattle." As they came up to the borderline, they saw what it would take to get what they needed naturally. And they said, "You know what? I see a shortcut. There's plenty of green grass here already, plenty of water. Let me stay in these well-watered plains on the wrong side of Jordan. And here I'll have everything I need for my cattle." That was in Numbers 32. And it was a resurrection of that spirit of their fathers in Numbers 14. In Numbers 14, they sent spies in and they came back and said everything God said was true. Well, what do you mean? It's the land flowing with milk and honey. Okay. And full of enemies. And instead of saying, "God said that. He knows. He told us he'd drive them out from before us." They said, "But you know what? Our intelligence, our spies believe that we're not able to take it." And they refused to enter the promised land. It resulted in another 40 years of wonder in the wilderness. And in Numbers 32, the prophet called out, Moses called out these two and a half tribes as a resurrection of that same rebellious spirit. And God went ahead and gave them what they asked for. And it says in Joshua chapter 22, and he said, "But you'll have to enter and fight." So now think of this. They enter in. They're in the promised land. They're shoulder-to-shoulder. They're fighting. They're waring, but their heart is still on the other side of Jordan. And there here Joshua is speaking. This is Joshua 22. So we're coming down to the end. He says, "And he spake unto them, saying, these two and a half tribes, return with much riches unto your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with brass, and with iron, and with very much reignment. Divide the spoil of your enemies with your brethren." They they have a lot to boast of. They have a lot that they've accomplished. And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and the half tribe of Manasseh returned. Now, the language here is important. and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go to the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession, where they were possessed, wherever they were possessed. Huh? Is that what it is? Is that what I think it means? I don't know. They were possessed by the land. They were possessed by the the the attributes and the characteristics of the land. They didn't possess that land. It possessed them according to the word of the Lord by the hand of Moses. So God allowed Moses to grant to them special permission. Go ahead. You can have what you want. But they departed from the children of Israel. Notice that as soon as they separate themselves out, the whole of the children of Israel remains the same. But now they become the two and a half that's left. It doesn't say, "And the children of Israel expanded their borders west east of the Jordan." No, they've departed from them. So, there's a separation that's taking place. The the the sea, the real Jim seed is there in the promised land. And now this part pulls away. And they leave out of Shiloh. You know what that means, right? The place of rest. And they walk away from there from God's promises to Gilead which is a heap of stones dividing themselves from the children of Israel. Says in Canadan Canaan I didn't say Canadan I said Canaan from Canaan they separate themselves from the promised land from the children of that promised land and there they produce this is an artificial move artificial revival. They produced, I want to say, an artificial resurrection, a religious movement contrived by man. Verse 10. And when they came into the borders of the Jordan that are in the land of Canaan, so now they come to they're they cross over. They come to the border. As they cross over, they right there, closest point they can be, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh. Because notice they're not the children of Israel anymore. They're known by these three things. Built there an altar by Jordan. Phrases it this way, a great altar to see to. Some translations said they erected a great altar for display. They they built a great display for the reason to see to, for the reason to look to and to see. They built something great and grand and big right on the Jordan. Why did they do it right on the Jordan? So people on the other side could look and see it. They didn't go into the land that they were possessed by and possess the land and build a church or build an altar or do a movement or whatever it is they're going to do there far away. They wanted to get as close as they could because in their heart, no matter what they say later, what's really driving them at the end of the day is the pretense to posture to the people who wanted the promise, to the people willing to suffer by obedience. They intentionally built a place of worship and a place of sacrifice to get attention was done to provoke the construction of this altar. No matter what language they want to use and how they want to characterize it, no matter how this conflict was resolved, is a renouncement of God and his promise. They reject his rest. They reject his presence. They've separated themselves out from the children of Israel. They've separated themselves out from the promised land, Canaan. And the first thing they want to do is build a altar big enough so that people in the promised land see it. But it's a separation from God. Notice in Deuteronomy 12:es 10, 11, and 12, God speaking. But when you go over Jordan, that means you're in the land of Canaan. Indwell in the land which the Lord your God giveth you to inherit, for you to possess. And when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about so that you dwell in safety. Notice the parallel to they they crossed Jordan, left Canaan, left Shiloh. You can't seeing the parallel here. The language that's used in Joshua 22 is trying to show us what they're leaving. Then there shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell. There thither. There. There. There. There. Thither shall you bring all that I command you. There is going to be the altar to worship. There is where you bring your burnt offerings. There is where you sacrifice. There is where you bring your tithes. There's where you bring your heave offering of your hand and all your choice vows which you vow unto the Lord. It got it needs to be there. That's the only place I'm going to put my main name. It's my chosen place of worship. It's the place that I dwell. So when they crossed over Jordan and built a church, built an altar and started sacrificing and started worshiping and started bringing tithes, it was a clear rebellion against the word that says you can't do that there. No matter how much it looks like the truth, it's got to be in the place that God put his name. And notice what it does to the children of Israel. Verses 11 and 12. And the children of Israel heard say and the children of Isra say, behold. So it was a quite a meeting if they heard it, heard about it. The fame is being spread. Behold, the children of I just love it. They're known by this unholy trinity. The children of Reuben, the children of Gaton, the half tribe of Manasseh. That's a mouthful. Israelites. And who are these other guys? Well, it's the children of Reuben, the children of G, the half tribe of Manasseh. They built an altar over against the land of Canaan. The language itself even suggests not just location, but intention over against the land of Canaan. in the borders of Jordan at the passage of the children of Israel. Think about that. The very place that there would have been a memorial of the promise to enter and to possess, they decided to get right up to the borderline and there create that. And when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children of Israel gather themselves together at Shiloh to go up to war against them. another provocation. But now not in the wilderness. This altar, this worship, this uh tumult, this loud clamor is stirring up strife. They built it for to see. They built it big enough to see. And so by raising up this movement against God, it's provoking those in the promised land to go to war with those who are without. I want to I want to say this. That's just what the devil wants. It's just what he wants. God's given you something to do. You go to do it. The devil starts asking a bunch of questions. You're like, "No, no. What did God want you to do?" Come on. Having this conversation recently with some brothers on how, you know, God one time told a young prophet to do something. And he said, "Whatever you do, don't stop. Don't stop to eat. Go speak. Come back. If you stop, you'll die." Pretty straightforward. In the meantime, God tells an older prophet to do what? Stop the young prophet and invite him to dinner. Okay. So then the old prophet stops the young prophet says, 'Oh no, the Lord told me, "Go to dinner." And he's a little impressionable, a little bit influenced. Says, "Okay, well, let me do it." And then he goes to dinner and the old prophet's like, "You shouldn't have done this. You're going to die." He's like, "But what do you mean?" God told him to do something. And I was fel say, "Hey, I don't know which one I am in this story, but I'm going to do what I'm called to do. I don't know if I'm the young one, but if I'm the young one, I'm going to go I'm going to do my thing. If I'm the only one, I'm going to invite I'm going to do I I've got to do what God asked me to do. There's a lesson to learn. Sometimes we just say, "Well, Jesus goes everywhere he's invited." Well, that's about Jesus, right? This is about you to go. Well, what if it was an old prophet inviting you away from God's will for you? So, then it continues in verse 16. This is the response of these children of Israel. And notice how they characterize what's being done. Thus sayith the whole congregation of the Lord, "What trespass is this that you have committed against the God of Israel to turn away this day from following the Lord? In that ye have builded you an altar that you might rebel this day against the Lord." over and over. It's rebellion cloaked in religion, in worship, platitudes, offerings, sacrifices. It's a trespass in turning away from following the Lord. Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us from which we are not cleansed until this day, although there was a plague in the congregation of the Lord. In other words, they're still putting back to the feast of Belor and the spirits that cause him to be seduced away from God. Is it not enough that we fell there, but that you and remember it's that spirit of Kades Barnea there. There's your there's your paradox. I don't know if I mentioned it here, but brother Brandham associates the spirit of Baal and Balum and the sin of Kades Barnea, even though it happened after Numbers 14, but where does it come up in Numbers 32? says, "But that ye must turn away from this day from following the Lord, and it will be, seeing ye rebel today against the Lord, that tomorrow he will be wroth with the whole congregation of Israel. Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession be unclean," listen to what he says. "If where you live is unclean, then pass you over into the land of the possession of the Lord, wherein the Lord's tabernacle dwelleth, and take possession among us." Oh, hallelujah. Notice how you might be enticed and drawn to go across. Well, we're all brothers. That's just fellowship and worship. They say, "But if where you're at's unclean, if you need to sanctify it, if you're needing to worship there, because where you are is unclean, come to where God has led us, where the tabernacle of the Lord dwells and take your possession among us. But rebel not against the Lord, nor rebel against us in building you an altar beside the altar of the Lord our God." It's only one place. Now they were trying to mimic it, pattern after it artificially. And it brings us to this. Did Achen not did not Achen the son of Zarah commit a trespass in the occursed thing? And wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel. Think of this. Think very deeply now. You with me? Where did it happen? Jericho. And where was the next battle? Ai. Not saying it is, but could it be? They perished alone in his iniquity. I close this with two quotations from the message of the hour and scripture in between. Very short here in proving his word. Now think with me. Concentrate. He says, "Don't you see in shadows? Stop here a minute. In the last days, there's got to be a place prepared for the word to be made be manifested. And we're now living by the evidence of the new land, the son of man. There is a place prepared for the word to be manifested. We have entered into the new land. And don't put it past Satan to try to produce an affront, right? to try to either expand the borders of that land, to expand the boundaries of that promised land, to go back to a glare of another age, to try to bring you further into something else that doesn't exist and stay. So stay in the word of God. It is the new land. We've been brought to this new land. So it it it type those things that we see in Numbers 32 and Joshua 22 is part of that final front line. try to provoke us to war. You've got an enemy to fight, right? He's going to use any means necessary, whether it be a damsel or a lemus. He's going to use any means necessary to resist and pervert the truth of God. Amen. But Isaiah 34 15-16 in a time when they're saying, "Lord, Christ is here. Christ is there. Christ is here. Christ is there." We are gathered to the word, the unfailing body word of the son of man, the new land where we've promised to the Gentiles. He says, "There shall be the great owl, make her nest, and lay and hatch and gather unto her shadow. Don't you see in the shadow, stop here a moment, a place prepared for the word to be made manifest. There shall the vultures also be gathered, everyone with her mate." On an interesting language here, he says, "Seek ye out the book of the Lord, and read." This is where you're seeking Christ, the mind of God. Seek out the open book. Read. And no one of these shall fail, but those that read what's read in the book, none shall want of her mate. Why? He reveals himself to you. Your mate is the revealed word. For my mouth it hath commanded it, and his spirit it hath gathered them. The word, the spirit is gathering you. The deep calls to a deep. It seeks you out. You've been called. You've been selected. Now the deep's responding. I want to know you more. Draw me deeper into relationship with you. Give me this heart of flesh that can feel you and know you. Amen. Seek ye out the book and read. Seek it out. Musicians, you welcome to come. Brother Andrew, if you could just be ready too as well, possibly to turn it over. He says, "Remember no other church age." This is a sermon masterpiece. I've been drawing this all these themes from these sermons Christ identified in his word and these different sermons that drew me into this concept of God is the ultimate creator. God, there's this mind, this intelligence. Remember, no other church was he put out of in the Bible of the seven church ages. How many remembers it? Seven church ages. And in the last one, he's out of the church. Listen, this is important. He passed through the church age. He passes through Leodysia to go on to make something else. the masterpiece. He passes through Leodysia to make something else. But this is it. There's nothing else. But the sculptor has got back to perfection again. The word do not go back. He has said I believe very explicitly Christ has been kicked out of Leodysia. He passed through Le Oysia to go on to make to bring forth the masterpiece again. So he says don't go back. Don't do it. Don't do it. Even if it's to be recognize that if you're ever feeling this uncction to do something, ask yourself, am I going backwards? Am I going in reverse? Am I am I being drawn off sides? Am I being called away? And in that moment whenever this movement popped up on the other side of Jordan right there on purpose, their instinct was to fight against it. Why? Because they saw it for what it was. Another feast of Bel Peor, another sin of Achen, another rebellion against Deuteronomy 12. They saw it for what it was. But where the perhaps the the weakness was is they wanted to fight against it. Ultimately there's no warfare or blood that shed. Cooler heads prevail. There's no civil war. But the children of Israel, seeing it for what it was, were almost provoked to fight. and they had their hands full in the land they were in. They didn't need to be running off to the wilderness to fight another battle. If it's of God, we don't want to fight against it. If it's not, it'll come to not. But as for me in my house, we will serve the Lord in the land that he has led us. It's one thing that we should be willing to support in any situation is the will of God in somebody else's life and in our own lives. If somebody tells you, "I believe I'm following the Lord. I'm being sincere. I believe this is good for me and my family. I believe this is what God wants me to do." Even if you can't quite see it in the word, there's one thing that we could get behind to say, "Well, brother, if you believe you're following the Lord, sister, if you believe you're obeying God, I can get behind that 100%." But I will not go back. I cannot turn back now. Let's stand together. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, today as we sitting here a week after the celebration of Resurrection Sunday, Easter Sunday, Lord, it was on that seventh day, I believe, you appeared to Thomas and you said, "Behold my hands and my side. And Lord, as much as we often think of the day you resurrected to ponder and consider how you constantly appeared to your disciples after the resurrection. And I believe it speaks to us in this day at the rising of the sun. Here you are once again making your presence known amongst your people. And just as you had a purpose at that day to solidify and anchor those Jews and the promise of the comforter that they would be in that upper room on that 50th day after after uh the feast of the Passover that they would be there the time of the Pentecost at that moment in that time is when you would seal up that age with their capstone with the the the the purpose and the thrust of that first coming for them. And here we said in this last days, the gentile bride, we've come to our upper room. We've come to our climax. It is that rapture. It is that change of our body. And here you are once again making your presence known to bring us to that place of climax and even a meeting in the air. And Lord, I believe the enemy fights us in this final front line to try to get us distracted, try to cause us to fight, to cleave to that sword. But Lord, we are taught that it's when the old Pentecostal fighters die that we'll fully possess and live in this peace of the promised land. Help us to stay focused on the goal. Help us to use some prudence and wisdom to apply these things practically because Lord, there is an enemy that has built very robust tools of distraction. There's the dopamine cycles. There's the anxiety of economics. There's the uh uh the pressure of politics. There's a lot of things, Lord, that motivate us. A lot of hierarchy of needs at work within us. But Lord, if we could just cast everything aside and say, "Lord, I need you above it all. I need you more than anything. I want you more than anything. Lord, to even be able to say that no matter what it is, my wife, my children, this church, my friends, my recreations, my hobbies, my enjoyments, my music, my job, my money, I'd forsake it all for you, Lord. Wouldn't want to hold on to any one of that if it meant losing you. So, I pray, Lord, my heart is right before you and everything else can be in its place to be the blessing that it ought to be. I pray that you bless your people who have been so faithful today to just sit for such a long period of time, Lord, and hear the word. Bless them, Father. I'm grateful for their patience and their attention. May you take this word out of the realm of the academic and may it grow in their understanding and knowledge of you and their souls. Let this mind be in us, Lord. We desire it to be in us so we seek your face, Lord. We have our own deep seek. It's the Holy Spirit in our heart searching things out. We have our own open AI. It's the open of the word, the real thing. Adoni's intelligence. Lord, help us, Jesus, to surrender ourselves to you. We can have this deep mind, Lord. This thinking that is of you searches all things. Yay. Deep things. Not so that we could be heady and high-minded and engage in political debate and discourse on theology, but so that we could have the intelligence to meet the enemy. You're bringing the word to the battlefront. You've brought the word to the front line. Here we are now meeting the enemy at his climax with the intelligence. The victory is won. It is assured. We yield to it now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
