################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - Framed - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-02
Title:   Framed
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-reLqiWjCLU
========================================

Description:
Framed
Wednesday Service: April 2, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Exodus 12 verse 7 and then we will read verse 13. And they shall take of the blood. This is that the blood of that lamb without blemish of the first year. And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two side post and on the upper doorpost of the houses wherein they shall eat it. So that blood which has been applied to the doorframe, it says in verse 13, "And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are. And when I see the blood, I'll pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt." If we could just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, thank you for this opportunity we have this evening to take a hold of your word and read it and to be able to understand it even with the human language, the ability to read. Lord, we we're not dismissive of that, Lord. We just believe that's a a gift. But Lord, to give us the spiritual understanding. My Lord, that's something only you can do. And we pray now, Lord, that as we've read your word that you would now make it alive to us by revelation. Impart to us those things which are needful. Lord, we do not desire to preach anything new, but we do want you to search our hearts and to bring out greater depths and make yourself known to us in a more intimate way. So, Father, if you would do that, we'll be happy. We ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats. My my title this evening is framed. And as you could see there, uh, there's a frame that's a little bit offc center. And so by doing that, I'm kind of signaling where I'm wanting to go with this. Uh, but keep you keep in mind as we've been on this series over the past uh, few months, we've been on the subject of art. I'll come back to that here in a moment. Uh, but my title is framed. And I want to read this from the token sermon right at the beginning so you can see where I'm focusing on this. As we read in Exodus 12 on the blood, which is a token, Brother Brham said, he expects us now to display the token over our faith. And this is something he says over and over again in the token sermons that he ministers that the token is to be displayed. What's remarkable is how he says it's to be displayed to Satan's group and the unbelievers and cults and so forth that don't believe in it. And as we've been ministering on, sin is unbelief. And so if you disbelieve, that's the sin. And so we have faith, genuine faith, and we're to display the token over our faith to the unbelievers and cults that don't believe in it. That we believing what he has said of his promises and that Jesus Christ has raised up from the dead, showing himself alive. And that is the badge, the token of identification. So brother Ben and God identifying himself by his characteristics. So he displays his characteristics. So he's putting his life on display. He said the token of identification because it's Christ's own life in you identifying the word. It doesn't need anything else. So when we have our faith and then we display the token over our faith, it is Christ on display. And it's even to the unbelievers and the cults, those that don't believe in it. It's a badge. And it says here in verse 7 in Exodus 12, this is the token. And he says, "And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two side post and on the upper doorpost of the house wherein they shall eat it. Where the lamb is being eaten, where the lamb is being parttook of the pascal lamb, which is even a type of Christ as you're feeding on that unfailing body word of the son of man, the blood was to be applied and it says on the two side post and the upper doorpost of the house." And that this is a very precise commandment. He doesn't say spread it on your driveway. doesn't say put it wherever you want or hang it like Christmas lights. He says put it on the door frame. Put it on the exterior of the two side post and the upper door post of the house so that it will be on display on the outside. And so the blood, I want you to catch this. The blood is actually going to frame the entrance. as the blood would be applied to the to uh the post and over the top. That blood would then drip and be shed to even if you stepped through that house, you're stepping over the blood. If you step if you leave the house, you're stepping over the blood to get to get out of the house where the lamb is being parttook of. And so when he says that we are to display the token to the to display the token for us is to live our lives in a way that manifest the word of God. We don't come together to talk about the message. We don't come together to talk about the token and it's not a seance that we give over our family members but we come to apply the token. The token being applied is to those doorpost and to the lentil and that blood dripping it framed that door frame would be covered in blood. And so to live the life is is to express and to manifest is to display the token. Now, uh, framing. I want to look at framing a little bit just for this is where we'll get into some of the elements as it relates to, uh, art, but it's a critical part, the frame of a piece of art. As we've been talking about the painting as maybe the more the artwork that we've been focusing on, it's a critical piece to uh, finishing a work of art in order to display it for others to see. And when you want to put up a piece of art, um the artist is going to give some thought as to what type of frame to use and how they want to display it. And so this is a a painting of a museum. And you can see every piece of art in there is framed. Some very ornate and extravagant. You know, there's there's thought that's put into it. The the frame goes with the piece of art to display it in such a way to where it engages the viewer. And so it's critical to finishing the piece of art. And so the frame it can either distract from the work of art or it can actually enhance the work of art. And so the if an artist is actually in some years past I guess a long time ago I almost could get into the history of it. Uh they'd actually have an artist or a craftsman who would make the frame but then they entered a time when the artist himself would pick the frame and look at what would fit and what would be the best thing for it. Because the frame is something that can either detract or take away or devalue what's been painted or it can actually enhance the artwork itself where the framing actually draws the viewer's attention to the subject of the artist work. There's even examples here where the frame itself is adding dimension to the work of art. art. I believe this is in the Philadelphia Museum of Art where the that door frame is actually a physical frame and it creates a 3D image that there's something going on. This is an uh this art frame you see here. It's part of the artwork itself. It gives you this impression that this little boy is leaving the piece of art. Rembrandt even drew this young lady with an art frame where her hands are coming out of the frame. It looks as if the frame is the picture has come alive and I got to remember how to blank it. You'll have to do it for me. The I was reading in one place and I thought this was really good that says art is almost always associated with some sort of border and the border contains the image to divide one scene from another and to help focus the spectator's attention on the scene. And so an artist understands the power of the right frame that it can either take away from the work of art or it can in presenting it enhance it. And brother Brandham and God is his own interpreter says all we are today is the display of his attributes. So if we are the God's wanting to put us on display, there's a number of scriptures we could use to statements to use to show that that God is wanting to display us. And if God's displaying us, then framing is important. Amen. The context matters in terms of God wanting to put us on display. We we we can't just display ourselves wherever we want to be displayed. We cannot just present ourselves any way that we want to be presented. We spend a lot of time going through the scripture on modesty and the way that we appear and what the scripture requires of us in terms of the way that we dress. And it's part of God's framing us in order to be seen as his attributes. without a frame there's compositional elements uh that can feel or appear chaotic. This was an example that I saw uh and I was trying to do it myself with uh maybe Vincent Van Go's sunflowers, but I found uh leave this to the professionals. that this is a work of art where on one side without the frame it appears chaotic and you're not necessarily sure just ex maybe uh you you can just feel uh it's disjointed but put a frame around it and even the lines and the dimensions and the colors it it begins to fit together a little bit more uh beautifully even in photography framing uses natural and artificial elements to focus on the subject where if you really want to take good pictures on your iPhone. Isn't it amazing? You get a camera in your phone that can take professional pictures, film movies, and then when you use it, it's a dud. Why? Because there's more to it than just snapping, right? There. You got to know how to frame the subject. And in in doing so, there's a way that enhances the viewer's pleasure in looking at the picture you took. That's the difference between a photographer and somebody who owns a camera is somebody who knows how to use certain elements and the and certain rules to enhance uh the picture and a way that it makes you feel drawn into the subject of the picture. So framing is incredibly powerful even in how we view people even how we understand certain arguments how we judge and understand something. Framing is how we uh it can be used to cause a misunderstanding when it comes to certain things or the right kind of framing can give us understanding of something. My son Elliot's been reading a book called the power of context. One of the things that comes up a lot if you're looking at the uh the false attribution error and and and the missing something in context is the way it's framed. And you could take something I think our our kids are really really good at this in terms of framing something in a way to where it leads you to the conclusion, well of course you can stay up all night and eat ice cream if that's if that's really where things are. But there's a way that if you frame it correctly, the right kind of frame brings things into view. And so that's the power of context. You take something out of context and you put it in a different frame, it paints a different picture. So you want to have the right kind of frame to understand what God is wanting to do. even understand a personal situation. Framing is important, shapes our understanding of situations. It changes the feeling we have in certain interactions based upon the context. And brother Brandham said all this is just his thinking talking about this the thoughts of God and his attributes. But we're the display of his thoughts of what it was. We are the display of God's character. And so if God is going to put us on display, then there's some framing. There's a context that he gives it in order for us to fulfill the purpose he has in in framing us. Amen. Now, in Numbers chapter 34, and this is where I'm just picking up on some things from Sunday, and as we were looking at uh in I think the uh cosmetic Christians, that's it. I had to go through my uh my analog of makeup brands. But cosmetic Christians is uh is what we ministered on Sunday and that false front things that are superficially Christian. And on Numbers 34 12-13 and brother John if you could just follow me. I don't really have I don't know where some of these slides will land, but I just trust you to follow these. It says, "And the border shall go down to Jordan." He's just describing the promised land. and the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea. That's the the Dead Sea. This shall be your land with the coast thereof roundabout. And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, "This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the Lord commanded to give unto the nine tribes, and to half tribe, the half tribe." Now, you realize it's not 12. It's this nine and a half tribes are going to get take the land by lot that the Lord commanded. And this eastern border that's being described is the Jordan. You may go down to Jordan. That's the Jordan River. 156 mile long river stretching from the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea. It's mentioned nearly 200 times in scripture. I believe around 180 in the Old Testament, 15 in the New Testament. And it's a significant geolog geological uh feature. There's a lot of history with respect to his geography. But it's also a symbolic type. In Joshua 1:es 1, 2, and 3, it says, "Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses's minister, saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel, every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses. So his commandment is cross the Jordan. This message I gave to Moses, it's brought you to the border. Now Moses is not going to cross over with you, but everything he said in his message was true. And God himself quotes Moses over and over and over again. So Joshua didn't have a new message. He is actually quoting the mo Moses and God quotes Moses to understand what Joshua is doing in that time. So he's to cross Jordan to go into the land which that God gave him even the children of Israel. And every place the soul of your foot shall tread that will I give as I said unto Moses. So he's saying as Moses said as Moses said. Right? And so the promised land is on, if I could say scriptural phrase, this side of Jordan. So when you're looking at this here, this red line, I actually had to hand draw that on uh just to show it on this side. And maybe for some of the young ones, you realize that when the children of Israel crossed the Jordan River, they weren't coming uh headed east out of Egypt, but they had came around on the east side of Jordan and entered heading west across the Jordan to enter the promised land. So, this is where the nine and a half tribes were going to settle. And we know that uh Manasseh and and Gad, half of Manasseh and Gad and Reuben settle on the east side of the Jordan River. And so the Jordan River is a border of this land that God promised in Joshua chapter 18 19 and 20. And the border passed along to the side of Beth Bethl northward and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the bay of the sea of salt sea at the south end of Jordan. This was the south coast and Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin by the coast thereof roundabout according to their families. I believe it was in blessing Benjamin that he was described as a fierce wolf. And so they were known a as fighters and they're positioned and placed here on this borderland because it would actually kind of forms a funnel. You have the Sea of Galilee, you have the Dead Sea. And so if there's a a place for the enemy to enter because you got the coast over here, it it's a place that would even funnel the attack of the enemy and it places Benjamin right there. That's right. To be on that border. And so when you look at this, I want you to think of this. It's not just a geographical boundary, but it has it's a spiritually symbolic. It's spiritually symbolic. On this side of Jordan is the promised land. But there's a phrase you'll find it's beyond Jordan. And beyond Jordan's to the right of that line. And there in that in that place beyond Jordan is the wilderness. And we could take a lot of time to just express to you what the wilderness was, but the what the wilderness represents, but it represented wondering, aimlessness, right? Fussing and arguing a a amongst themselves. And it represents death. Even brother Brandham says that Jordan represents death. Itself in certain types represents death. And so to go beyond Jordan or to be on the other side of Jordan is to be on the wrong side of life and death. It's to be outside of the promise. In Deuteronomy 30 18 to20, I denounce unto you this day that you shall surely perish that you shall not prolong your days upon the land, whether thou passeth over Jordan to go to possess it. That's the focus. I want you to think of this. God is always mentioned where he's bringing them. God does anything in the journey, if he does anything in the wilderness, it's not because he really loves the wilderness and wants to make the journey uh comfortable. It's because there is a there's a destination he's wanting to bring them to. And he says, "I call heaven and earth to record this day against you that I have set before you life and death. And I want you to visualize life and death as being outside the promised land in the promised land. Beyond Jordan or on this side of Jordan, I put before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live, that thou mayest love the Lord thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that thou mayest cleave unto him, for he is thy life, and the length of thy days, that thou mayest dwell in the land which the Lord swore unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob to give them. Again, that becomes the focus. That becomes the main point is this land which I swore to give to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. the land that I promised. That's what's called the promised land or the promised land. He promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to their fathers. He says, "I'm wanting to give you. I want to give you this land." So, you've got to choose life. In choosing life, they had to cross over into the promised land. If they don't choose life, they choose death. And Jesus said, "Your fathers did eat man in the wilderness." And everyone are dead because they never entered in the promised land. Now, if you look at Deuteronomy 12, and again, if you have your Bibles, if you could turn there, I'm only providing uh just some summary things in these verses. But beyond Jordan, when I say beyond Jordan, I'm talking about on the east side, the wrong side, the right side, not the left. Maybe that's confusing. Uh the correct side versus the wrong side, but beyond Jordan, there was a life of blessings and provision. But across Jordan, on the correct side of Jordan, was the promise. in Deuteronomy 12 uh 9 to12. For ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance which the Lord your God giveth you. So notice the promised land is the land of rest. The promised land is the inheritance. But when ye go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the Lord your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that you dwell in safety, then there shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there. Notice the temporary nature of even the tabernacle in the wilderness. There was going to be a place, a temple, a house of the Lord. And it was there that God would put his name. And he says that when you here, you don't have the rest. here. This isn't your inheritance. Even though I may be among you, and I may be blessing you. Then will there be that place that I want to put my name and cause my name to dwell. Thither shall you bring all that I command you, your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave heave offering of your hand, and all your choice vows, which you vow unto the Lord. Regardless of what had taken place to this point, whether or not God was providing opportunity to do that in the journey, he was always looking forward to this permanent place. Amen. And you shall rejoice before the Lord your God, ye and your sons, and your daughters, and your men's servants, and your maid servants, and the Levite that is within your gates. For as much as he hath no part, nor inheritance with you, he had no part or inheritance in the physical land. But the rest of the land was for all of Israel. Now, we know that God was with them in the pillar of fire, in the cloud by day in the Exodus. God was there. He was blessing them and he was showing signs and wonders in the Exodus. But on the this side of Jordan, once they crossed Jordan, it wasn't just the blessings in the Exodus, but it was his permanent presence. Remember Sunday, we we wanted just to highlight and show that refusing to enter into the promised land is refusing his presence. It's a rejection of God's presence. That's right. So when Israel in the Exodus and in their journey, they come and there's this example in the Exodus. We're taught in the New Testament that there the Exodus is an example to us that we should not lust as they lusted and in unbelief in in not believing because of unbelief they were not able to enter the land and through their unbelief they perished in the wilderness. So it's an example to us to not fall short of the goal. In Joshua chapter 3 14-17, this is that time I want you to kind of see the importance of this of the feature of the Jordan River. But now it's that crossing over. Here's the miracle even in crossing over. And it came to pass when the people removed from their tents to pass over Jordan and the priest bearing the ark of the covenant before the people. And as they that bear the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bear the ark were dipped in the brim of the water. It says the Jordan overflowth all his banks all the time of harvest. So it's that time of year. The banks of Jordan were flooded in that April time in the uh during this time of the harvest that the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon a heap very far from the city of Adam, that is beside beside Zeratan. And those that came toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed and were cut off. And the people passed over right against Jericho. They've they've been damned up. They stood up. A wall that's going this way, a wall going that way. And now he has parted the Jordan River. Parts twice in the scripture here. It's parted. And they're crossing on dry land straight towards Jericho headed west. And the priests that bear the ark of the coming of the Lord stood firm on dry ground in the midst of Jordan. So it is a miracle that the sea stood up that the the river stood up but the ground is firm. That's right. And all the Israelites passed over on dry ground until all the people were passed clean over Jordan. There's a lot of things we could even emphasize in this story here and just how uh how wonderful of a story it is. But the Bible tells us that this Exodus begin in the month of Nissan. The the the Exodus starts if you look at Exodus 12:2. This month shall be unto you the beginning of months. It shall be the first month of the year for you. What was taking place at that time? They were eating the Passover lamb. They had witnessed the miracles. A and then from that moment on, God leads them out of Egypt. Miracle after miracle, sign after sign, wonder after wonder. But when God established the feast of the Passover in Exodus 12, he says, "This is going to be a memorial. This shall reset your calendar." Right? You're starting over. This is the first year. And I guess the way their calendar works, it's both the first month and the seventh month. Glory. Right. And so there there's such beautiful uh symbolism in it and types, but it's that Exodus began out of Egypt at this time and now they're finally crossing over and it's at the same time. It's a time that brother Brandham mentions about God. thought he said he really wasn't much of a military strategist to try to cross the Jordan River at the time when it's flooding. That's right. So, the banks are flooded. It's the hardest, most difficult time to cross the river. God does that to show his works. Amen. So that our trust isn't in man. He could have said, "Well, wait till it's just a trickle and you guys can just wade through." But he waits until it's flooded to demonstrate something. Right. In Isaiah 59 19 and 20, so shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. And the redeemer shall come to Zion and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the Lord. The enemy comes in like a flood. And here at the rising of the sun, the time that the the sun is rising, that Christ is going to lift up a standard against the flood. The time when Jordan's banks were overflowing, that's when they were entering into the promised land. It was almost as if it was the time at which the Jordan stood the greatest against that the hardest time to cross the Jordan. The flood waters are filling up the plains. Now is not the time time to cross. But whenever the enemy comes in like a flood, death is creeping in. That Jordan, cold, icy Jordan River seems uncrrossable. The spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against it. And it said the Jordan was overflowed all the time of the harvest. So it's harvest time. What is that a type for us? It's a type of rapturing time. Amen. We can use different types to to highlight or emphasize different truths. And so if you're uh you don't find the type and then uh find the truth, you you know the truth and then you could use the type. And so what I'm wanting to you to look at now is the time of crossing over. This rapture time, harvest time is rapturing time. We're not looking at it from the standpoint of the new birth and the and the baptism of Holy Ghost uh is the promised land and that type. And we're not looking at so much as the type of leaving uh uh the death angel in the Exodus. And that's the type of the rapture I'm wanting to use. Now, as brother B talked about, we're twothirds of the way to Jordan. That last step, the third pull is to come to the Jordan and to cross the Jordan. Not necessarily underh with Elijah. But as Elisha, as the bride, we got to come to that Jordan. We got to cross over into the full promise. And brother Random says this in the God who is rich in mercy. This harvest time, this rapturing time, it's that climatic moment of fulfilling the word in its season. It's amazing how God allowed them to come right to that moment in the harvest time. God knew in the Exodus they were just days away when they first started, but they were going to wonder for 40 years. And now they come right back to it in this in this time of the harvest. And the God who is rich in mercy, redemption has two different parts. come out of and entering into first you have to come out. Some people want to bring the world with them but you got to come out of the world to enter into Christ. You have to come out of unbelief to enter into faith. There cannot be one thing in your way to really have genuine faith. You must absolutely leave everything that's contrary to the word of God behind to enter faith. So we leave unbelief. We leave the world. But we don't want to just come out of we don't want to just be non-denominational. We don't want to just be outside quoteunquote outside of organizations. There's a lot of people that have organized out of being non-denominational. They've organized by around being unorganized. Amen. And so he says, "And that was the book of Ephesians of the Old Testament. Joshua, right? Where Moses represented the law could not save no one but grace could." Here Joshua is the same word like Jesus Jehovah savior. So listen to this time. He said there had to come an Ephesians now as they're crossing the Jordan. That's the Ephesians out of Egypt into the wilderness. Now as they enter into that's your place in that's your that's the finality. That's the climax. And then we find out that we've come to another Ephesians another Ephesus. Now this is why we have an astronaut age. That's why we have these other things that brother Renham begins to identify where that in our intellectual denominations and so forth and all our educational programs has come to its Jordan. Remember anytime God calls out intellectualism, he's also calling out emotionalism because intellectual faith is emotional faith by a different label. That's right. And so the program has come to its Jordan. Then we must have an Ephesians again. We must have an exodus to come out and go into for the rapture. So we've entered that time where we are in another Ephesian age to go into. It is that rapturing time, right? It's a a going into. We've come to the into redemption has two parts. We've had there's an out of in brother Bam's ministry. There's a come out of her, but there's also behold I stand at the door and knock. And we've got to enter into. there's an entering into that takes place. He says, "For the rapture." Now, I know I'm putting a lot of lot of things out there and uh and and maybe you're stumbling over it and brother Chad's thinking, I haven't gone anywhere in 20 years of preaching and really going to be praying for you guys. Well, they started the church. Maybe they can get a pastor that can preach. But God is very, this is not an accident that they're crossing where they are. right? That God allowing things to happen. Brother Chad and I fellowship in the in the office and he said he recently preached a sermon called the church in trouble. And you're like, uhoh. And he was just talking about how even in heaven there was trouble. And so God, it didn't catch God by surprise. Maybe Satan was surprised that God knew, right? It's like, wait a minute. He knew. He knew. And so he's the one that was deceived, but God knows. And when the children of Israel left Egypt and they were just days away from entering in, he knew that because of their own stubbornness, they would take a long way in. But he said, "I'll let them go that way because it'll make a more perfect type to the believer who's going to have to fight through a wilderness, who's going to have decades of believing God's word and holding on to a promise." And so God was intentional on using Jordan as this entry point, but not just as an entry point, but also the border. That's right. This is where it's framed. I want you to catch this. God uses it to frame the promised land. That's right. In Hebrewsap 11:3, the Bible says, "Through faith, we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God." So that things which were seen were not made of things which do appear. God framed the worlds that he created. We can say we know by faith that the creation was framed by the word of God. Right? God framed creation with his word. Think of how brother Bam talked about Eden's walls and how that God had walled the garden of Eden with his word and he had put a board around. He had framed his masterpiece family with the word and that Satan had to get bypass the frame. The woman had to leave be enticed outside of that framework and once she left that she could fall. And so here the Bible says that God framed creation by the word. The word framed is translated to make perfect or perfectly joined together. And to frame it means to complete, to put in order, to fit or frame for oneself. So in the beginning, and I told this story that when I first mentioned I was going to be using art as a subject and said, well, where the question was, well, where is that scripturally? And I said, in the beginning, God created. Amen. And brother said, like an artist, he was painting. He was bringing things out. the seven church ages when he preached he said when God started off like an artist drawn a picture of something he begins to fill in his parts you can begin to see it shape up. So when God created heavens and earth and then created the man and he brought the man forth and he placed him he then frames him with the word of God and he gives him a commandment and he frames it all by the word of God and it's as if he's displaying his creation for himself. He's framed it by the word. Amen. That is what God does. In the beginning, when the world was without form and void, it was chaotic. It wasn't framed yet. But then the spirit of God be to move and things begin to take shape. And then when God put the frame on it, everything made sense. If you just looked on earth and there's a beautiful animal and there's the beautiful this and there's a beautiful fruit and there's some these people look more upright and clean than the others. And you just look at it there. It's aimless. There's no point. But then God says, "Be fruitful, multiply, and fulfill the purpose of the earth." Amen. He begins to give them borders. and he begins to give them h things to follow. God's God's a God of boundaries for a purpose and for a reason. If you could just read this, I know this is a lengthy reading. Uh Numbers chapter 34, maybe we'll just read to verse 12, but this is God framing the promised land. Maybe difficult to see from this picture, but the green uh portion of this map is the portion that's described here, Numbers 34. The gray portion is that place that Gad and Reuben wanted to settle in. And the Lord spake unto Moses saying, notice God just doesn't say, I'll bless you and and that's it. He's very precise. When you come into the land of Canaan, this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance. Notice it's their inheritance. It's what he gives. Even the land of Canaan with the coast thereof. Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zen along by the coast of Edom. And your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward. And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Acraim and pass onto Zen. And the going forth thereof shall be from the south of Kospia, and shall and shall go onto Hazar and pass onto Azine. And the border shall fetch a compass from Asmin under the river of Egypt, and the goings out of it shall be at the sea. How come he just didn't say, "It's all yours. just whatever whatever you want to take over, whatever you want to grab, whatever looks good, whatever you find. But he says, "And for the western border, you shall even have the great sea of a border. This shall be your west border, and this shall be your north border. From the great sea, you shall point out for you Mount and from Mount you shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamoth. And the going forth of the border shall be to be to Zedad, and the border shall go on to Zephron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazerin. This shall be your north border. This reads just like the legal description of your property. It almost doesn't make sense unless you know how to read a map. But it's being mapped out precisely where their land is. They couldn't just say, "Well, I'm going to go over here and say, "Well, that's outside the land. This is the land I give you. This is the land of Canaan. And you shall point out your east border from Hezeran to Sheph. And the co shall go down from Sheffam to Ria and on the east side of A. And the border shall descend, and shall reach under the side of the sea of Chinth eastward, and the border shall go down to Jordan, and all the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea. This shall be your land with the coast thereof roundabout. What was God doing? God made him a promise. He said he would bless him, and now he's framing it. That's right. He's putting a border around it. That's right. So there can be some p precision. That's right. so that there can be some confidence. Notice even when he builds the temple, he says if you'll face this temple, no matter where you are, he still wanted to give them a reference point in Canaan. He wanted to give them something that they could look to. Certainly, this is to the Jews because their promise is physical. But in the same sense that they were given a very precise physical promised land, the believer has a very precise spiritual promised land. Amen. This message is very specific. It opens up to us the land of the son of man. It opens up to us a body that we're feeding on. It's just you can't just eat anything. You say, "Well, it's here." No, you can't just eat anything. It's got to be the word of God. Yes, sir. God framed it. The place that he would dwell. This is, as we already read, their place of safety. This was the place of promise. This is where the covenant would be honored. In Exodus 29:es 45 and 46. and I will dwell among the children of Israel and will be their God. Now notice how he narrows this down. And they shall know that I am the Lord their God that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt that I may dwell among them and I am the Lord their God. God didn't want to dwell with them in Egypt. Praise God. And one thing I think we'll point out on Sunday, unless I can twist somebody's Never mind. I I the on Sunday I want to show that Pharaoh was even fine if they worshiped near him. But that was never God's design. God's design was never for them to be close to Egypt and just to worship him. Just worshiping God is not enough. It must be in the right thing in spirit and in truth. God didn't want them just to be free to worship and just have all sorts of liberty without any boundaries. God was very specific. I'm taking you out of Egypt to bring you to a place where I can dwell among you. Numbers chapter 35:34. Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit, wherein I dwell. That's what he says about the land where he dwells. Don't defile the land that you will possess, the land that I give you for an inheritance, because that's where I will dwell for I, the Lord, dwell among the children of Israel. We say God inhabits the praises of his people. An angel of the Lord were encamped about them in the Exodus. But God was only in them in the Exodus to get them to the Ephesus. He was only in them in the out of so that he could be with them once they got into. He didn't That's beautiful. He didn't just leave them to get there on their own. God wants you to make it to the ultimate destination. So he'll be with you even in you until the end. He that begun the work is just and faithful to finish. But but too many people are happy being in the presence but not in the process. This is the place I want to take you. Deuteronomy 11 verse31. For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the Lord your God giveth you. That's what he wanted. He wanted him to pass over and to possess it and ye shall possess it and dwell therein. on the o on the right side of Jordan, the correct side. Amen. The west side crossing Jordan brought them into the place of the land that God wanted to give. That was their inheritance. That's right. Anywhere else, that's not their inheritance. You shall possess it, and you will dwell there. And God said, "I will be your God, and I will dwell with them." God was framing the land of promise in Numbers 34. When he established the borders of Canaan, he was wanting to give a boundary that people could be safe within. He said, "This is going to be the place of your rest. This is going to be where you can dwell safely. This is going to be your promise, your the place of promise." And think about in the beginning when we stumbled through the the art aspect of this that when you put a piece of art on display sometimes you can use a frame to with you can use art without a frame but you can see where in many instances the frame is part of the art and when God gave the children of Israel promised land by placing a border around it he could give context to his work. That's right. That's right. you could focus on. And what does God do once he gets I mean really when you go from Genesis chapter 1 to Genesis chapter 12, God's just wanting you to get to the story. He's giving you the background in the first several chapters, but the story is about Abraham. One man, one nation in one place, and the rest of the Bible revolves around Canaan, right? And if anything else happens, it's because someone from there went outside there or something outside of there is going to impact what goes on there because God wants everything to be put in the context of that promise. That's right. There for a reason. There in that land, they could dwell safely. God could dwell with them. There could be a display of his attributes there. He could draw all men to his glory. There's a reason why all the believers, they wanted to be buried in Hebrew. They wanted to don't leave my bones here in Egypt. That's right. And God when he formed this boundary, he's wanted to give them that proper framing and context to his character. Deuteronomy 11 13-17. I know I'm dancing around in a lot of different places here, but I'm glad that we have the time to go through this. I I thank God that I've been recovering and feel that I'm nearing uh coming out of this this battle we've had with this uh this pain disorder, but uh I wasn't sure if we'd be able to get this far and I'm glad that we could get to this. If you could just focus with me for a few more moments, I'll give you plenty of time to fellowship with brother Chad afterwards. In Deuteronomy 11 13 to1 17. And it shall come to pass, if you shall hearken diligently unto my commandments, which I command you this day, to love the Lord your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul, that I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn and thy wine, and thine oil, and I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full. That's a very specific promise. This is Uber Eats before there was Door Dash and Uber Eats, Instacart. This is God's promise that look, if you just obey me, I'll bless you. There'll be rain for your crops. You'll gather corn. There'll be wine. You'll have grass for your cattle. If there's cattle, there's milk. If there's cattle, there's beef. Take heed to yourselves that your heart be not deceived. And you turn aside and serve other gods and worship them. And then the Lord's wrath be kindled against you. And how will it be kindled against him? And he shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit, lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the Lord giveth you. If you obeyed, God would bless the promised land. But disobedience would bring curse upon the promised land. Famine was one of the judgments of God that he decreed that he would punish Israel with when they sinned, when they disbelieved. Ezekiel 14:13, "Son of man, when the land sinnth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out my hand upon it." And notice how God changes the the blessing of the land, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it. So, the blessing is not at its fullness, though you would be in the land, it's not at its fullness through disobedience or unbelief. Right? We know the Bible says and uh over and over again and it's kind of the phrase Canaan land. It was a land flowing with milk and honey. Says the the veggie tells saddle up your cow and go with us now cuz we're going to the promised land. Right? It's a land flown with milk and honey. It's the way we think about it. Right. And so if there was ever a famine, if you didn't have grass for your cattle, the solution was to believe God. If you didn't have rain for your crops, the solution was to repent. Get right with God. The all the provision was there. They just had to keep their eyes on the promise. I'll give you rain for your crops. You'll gather corn. You'll have wine. You'll have oil. You have grass for your cattle. That you will eat and be full. You'll be satisfied if you obey me. That's right. But if you disobey me, I have a law built in to get your attention so that you don't perish. So that you're not completely removed from your land is you'll come back to me and repent. Leviticus chapter 26 18 to20. And if you will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins. How is he going to punish him? I will break the pride of your power and I will make your heaven as iron and your earth as brass. You'll shut up the heavens. It will not rain. The ground will become hard. It will not yield its fruit, and your strength shall be spent in vain, no matter how much you labor over it. For your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the tree of the land yield their fruits. Now, this is of even the promised land. That's right. This is in this in this sense of Israel now wanting to completely possess this land. He's saying that faith in the word of God, obedience to the word of God is what was required. Exactly. Right. And I want to close with this. I want to use this to bring us to our closing. How do you like that for a clever clever hedge there in Ruth chapter 1:es 1:5 when I would when I was on the road preaching a lot, I'd say just uh come into my home stretch and then I would always say, "You don't know how long it takes for me to get home." He said, "Now it come came to pass in the days when the judges rule." Just focus with me on this. I'll probably just go through it very quickly that there was a famine in the land. So here in the book of Ruth in the days of the judges there's famine in the land. Why? Book of Judges tells us this people did wicked. We can already read in these other places in the Bible in Deuteronomy and Leviticus that if the people sinned, God would bring a famine. And he was already so precise that if there was a famine in the land, what they should have thought of is we need to get right with God. The only reason why we don't have rain for our crops and we don't have wine and we don't have corn and we don't have grass for our cattle is because we're not obeying God. Because if we obey the Lord, he'll give us these things. He promised that we would eat and be full. So there's a famine in the land. It says a certain man of Bethlehem Judah went to sojourn in the country of Moab. He and his wife and his two sons. And the name of the man was Imc. And the name of his wife was Naomi. And the name of his two sons Mahan and Chilion Ephertites of Bethlehem Judah. Now, what strikes you in when you read this? When God said that there would be a famine, it would be because they're disobedient, right? And so, the solution isn't to leave. That's right. The solution is to get right with God. But they came into the country of Moab and continued there. They've left the promised land. They've left left the place where God said you can dwell in safety. The place where God said he would dwell with them. the place where God had made the covenant that if you turn to him, if you repent, if you get things right, I'll give you rain for your crops, I'll give you provision. But they came in the country of Moab and continued there. And notice what begins to happen. IMC, Naomi's husband died, and she was left and her two sons. And they took them wives, the women of Moab. The name of the one was Orpa, and the name of the other Ruth. And they dwelt there about 10 years. And Mahalan and Chilean died also, both of them. And the woman was left of her two sons and her husband. This was a move that God didn't bless. That's right. There's a lot of rich history in this, but there was a famine in the promised land because of sin. That's right. And IMC though he was a believer, he left with the intent to come back when the famine's over. We're just going to go into Moab for a while. See if we can't find work. See if we can't get some grace. See if we can't find some better weather. And they had this design that they'd come back. But having left the promised land, All it results in is death. That's right. It was the exodus in reverse, but this wasn't an exodus. This was backsliding. That's right. This was separation from God's presence to go into the wilderness. Right? I don't if you could tell from this, but you could see where they begin from Bethlehem, Judah, and they begin to travel. And as they would have traveled, they would have went right past the ruins of Jericho. Right? They have crossed right back over the Jordan River that God told them uh that to pass through, right? They would have gone then into passing past the tribe of Gad and even Reuben into land of Moab which was known for their wickedness. Known for their evil may have been subtle but it was a clear rejection of God's word. So well that how could you say that about Ruth and or Naomi and how could you say that about Limic? He didn't trust God's promise. He left the promised land. He left the field. He left the place where the prophet had led them. He left the place, the one place where he could be sure. Even if things didn't seem like they're working, this is the place where it's worth to keep laboring. Amen. Even if it doesn't seem like you're getting crops, this is where you want to labor. This is where you want to sew. This is where you water. This is where you want to plant because this is where God has led you. Amen. Butch leaving was a sign of a lack of trust. What was it? Unbelief. That's right. No matter how much he must have thought that this would end well. The Bible says, "I'll give you rain for your land in due season. I'll send grass in the fields for thy cattle so you'll have corn, wine, oil, and you'll eat and be full." But he abandoned that. He thought maybe in his own he could go into the world. He could find another job. He could do something. He looked for those carnal things. And it's with that that I want you to look again in Numbers chapter 32:es 1-5. Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle. That's right. And when they saw the land of Jazer in the land of Gilead, that behold the place was a place for cattle. That's right. The children of Gadon, the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses and to Eleazar the priests and the princes of the congregation saying, notice how they kind of worked the crowd a little bit, right? They wanted to kind of grease the skids with everybody they could. They didn't just go to Moses, but they went to the priests. They went to the princes, the deacons, the trustees, went to everybody, hit them up on Instagram, Adaroth and Dibbon and Jeser and Nimra and Heshbon and Elia and Sheba and Nebo and Bon. Even the country which the Lord smoked before the congregation of Israel, they knew these places. They started naming the addresses is a land for cattle. We already saw that they saw that place was a place for cattle. And this is their message. This land, this place that even was smoked by the Lord is a land for cattle. And I don't know if you knew this, but your servants have cattle. Wherefore they said, this to me is one of the most remarkable scriptures in this Exodus. If we found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. They didn't say it, but you know what they said? The message failed. We tried what the prophet said, but it's not going to work. So, we need to find a place that's got grass enough for our cattle. We've got a lot of cattle, so we want to settle. says, "Don't make us cross Jordan. Don't take us into the land that God said he would give us as an inheritance." And you'll find, as we'll get into it on Sunday, that there's a lot of things that happen where they got reasons and they say, "No, we'll do this and no, we'll do that." And it might seem to be somewhat of an innocent move and that's fine. If that's what they want, the Lord will let them have it. And he does let them have it. But this was a clear rejection of the word that they had been given. Exactly. Right. What they should have done is looked at all their cattle and looked at the well-watered plains of the valley of Jordan and said, "You know what? God promised us that in the promised land we he would send rain so that we would by his own words have grass in our fields for cattle." He promised it. So if these tribes would have looked out at a dry valley, they would have said, "God, you said if we believe you and trust you, you would send rain and you would give me grass for my cattle. So, I don't want grass on the wrong side of Jordan. I'd rather have cattle in a desert where you promise me grass, but know I'm in your promise than to stop short of it just because it looks better and more pleasing. In Joshua chapter 30 13:32, this is what they settled for. This is what they asked for. These are the countries that Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab. That's right. I'll pick up on this verse on Sunday. The plains of Moab on the other side of Jordan by Jericho eastward. That's right. Meditate on that. That's right. God could have just said, "These are the lands that we gave him." But he said, "Plains of Moab, other side of Jordan by Jericho, eastward." Right. He wants all of those elements to stand out. Exactly. And what they had asked for was an inheritance outside of God's framing. Right. They looked at the picture and they wanted to settle outside the frame. That's right. And what they did is they cut themselves off from the promise. That's right. Even have having seen the evidence. The spies having traveled through the promised land. They've seen the evidence. They've entered into They will enter into Israel, Palestine, Canaan, and they'll fight there. But in the end they want to go all the way back to Moab eastward. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments in 2 Peter chapter 2 19 to 22, you can read the the verses prior to this. It really gives a lot more context. While they promised them liberty, they they themselves are the servants of corruption. For of whom a man is overcome of the same as he brought in bondage. Chew on that one. For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning. For it had been better for them to not known the way of righteousness than after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. There was no commandment for the land of Moab. The only commandment God gave them as they went through was pass through, pass around. If you need to transact, that's fine. But you have no possession here. Right? He told them, "You don't have your inheritance here. Pass on. Go on. God will bless them. Let them have what they want. But this isn't for you. No matter how beautiful the cities are, no matter how beautiful Balum can worship and how beautiful the Bamites churches are, no matter how beautiful the Moabites are, no matter how great it may seem, pass through because I've got something greater." Amen. The holy commandment delivered to them was this is the land I'll give you and you'll have grass for your cattle. If you like to hunt, there'll be places to hunt. If you like to fish, there'll be places to fish. Don't worry, I've got it all under control. I'll give you these things if you'll just trust me. But Peter now looks at this happening even in the church. He says, "But it's happening to them according to the true pro proverb. The dog is turned to his own vomit again and the s that was washed to her wallowing in the mire. Isn't that a shame that Reuben and Gad and they eventually influence half the tribe of Manasseh to not settle within the land of promise and they go right back to a cursed land, a sinful land, back to the wilderness of sin. And in doing so, on the face of it, and even at the heart of it, was like, I just don't know if I trust God to keep me in the land. So, I need to choose a place that's got some contingencies. I need a lot of grass. And they were a dog returning to their own vomit again. Oh, they they uh kind of phrased it, well, we don't want to take other people's space. Oh, if we don't go over, then there's more land for everybody else. God had already made a provision for that. But as you'll see as you continue to read, this was a false religious move for the purposes of stumbling the elect. If anything, they were trying to frame the bride for something. Get her out. Draw her off sides. Get her to follow. Get her to commit unbelief. Stay in the word. stay within the context and the framework as God has given it to us because that's where he's promised to bless you. Do you know what the mantra is that the the God- called ministry has failed? Even it's been said, "We've tried preachers for decades. That's failed. Let's just push play and obey." But there's even a voice in the land that says, "We've tried only believe. We've tried the word only and it didn't bring a rapture. So, let's try something else." What else is there, saints? But the word of God, what else is there but to hold to God's word and trust him that what he said he would do, he would do. And there's no amount of backsliding back into Moab that's going to change your body. Stay in the land. That's where God will bless us. Let's stand to our feet tonight. Just pray a word of blessing upon you. We thank you for your patience and your attentiveness. It's so wonderful to see these things in the word of God. And there's a lot here for you to go back over and to search out. You've seen those scriptures. You've jotted them down. You see where we're drawing this from. Take a look into the word of God. See what the messenger had to say about these things. Our gracious heavenly father. Lord, we do see a theme in the scripture of those that fall short, those that come up short. But this story in the book of numbers and then again in Joshua is such a remarkable story of how the very ones who seed spent 400 years in bondage witnessed miracles and signs of wonders through 40 years of journeying in the wilderness and had finally come to that climactic point of their exodus. That point where they enter in. And at that very moment before they cross over, they saw green grass and they saw what was on the other side. And they said, "Moses, if you don't mind, don't make us cross over Jordan, but since we have cattle and there's grass here for our cattle, would you would you let us settle over here?" And Moses caught the spirit of it, Lord. He said, "This is a resurrection of the spirit at Kades Barnea. that's resurrected the sins of their fathers to discourage the children from crossing over. And Lord, your prophet navigated that, found a place for those that would refuse, those that would fall short, and let them have their inheritance on the wrong side of life. And Lord, I believe that you've raised up a bride that'll take you at your word and believe you for your word. And we may may have many that'll be there on that day that go by way of the grave, but there has to come a time when we've buried the last bride member. We have had our last funeral. And there will be those that are alive and remain. Amen. Lord, I I want to stay faithful to the message to say this is a rapture time. This is a rapture season. And I don't want to stay on the wrong side of Jordan. I I I want to cross over fully into the promised land. I want to defeat and drive out every enemy of unbelief in the land. And Lord, if things aren't going the way they're supposed to, I don't want to despair of the promise. I want to believe your promise. I don't want to go on a backsliden journey back to Moab, back to some other glare of another age. I want to stay faithful to believe your word. And if things aren't working the way they're supposed to, Lord, if I don't have the deliverance, if I don't have the uh the healings, if I don't have the uh the move of God in my life that I need, then the solution is coming back to your word and taking you at your word and believe in your word and you will bring the rain. Amen. Lord, there was no revival for IMC and Moab. There was no revival for Reuben and Gab. No matter how hard they tried, that was not where you said you would dwell. Lord, I want to be found faithful in your promise. Lord, I want to honor the frame that you chose for the word of God. I don't want to just misapply and take things out of context and just think that I can run around anywhere and do anything. Lord, I want to stay within the framework because it's there. You promise safety and rest and provision. Bless us tonight. And I pray as we worship, we commit ourselves to you tonight. I desire that you would give understanding to the people who've heard these words. Lord, it could be beneficial to him. I ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
