################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Strong Enough to Cry - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Strong Enough to Cry
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_E7pebPj90
========================================

Description:
Strong Enough to Cry
Sunday Service: May 18, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Matthew chapter 24, we'll start with verse 14. And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come. That's a very precise verbiage there. When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, and then who so readeth, let him understand. And there's some sense of urgency here from Matthew that those that read would understand. Then let them which be in Judea flee into the mountains. Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take anything out of his house. Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes. And woe unto them that are with child and to them that give suck in those days. But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the Sabbath day. But then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. Amen. You can be seated. My title today is strong enough to cry. We'll elaborate on this maybe here in just a little bit. We are continuing to look at the subject of being a witness and what that means to be a witness. I know sometimes we we think witnessing is passing out tracks or that to preach the gospel means that we have to take a text and stand behind the pulpit or maybe do some street corner preaching and uh or you know probing people's hearts with very specific questions. But I think there's a a greater way that we can be a witness than even in those things as even this morning me standing here preaching the gospel uh is to a limited audience and that audience is limited to those who are here present and then there's some that may ar uh you know go into the archives or some that are streaming and so that's a very limited audience. Sometimes you can actually count the number of people that have heard your sermon uh when it's to a local congregation, but then there's a witnessing that's done beyond this dynamic that's even more effective and greater uh than what this can be in a single instance. And so that's kind of the some of the things that are on our heart in terms of witnessing. Now in Matthew 24:14 it says, "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations and then shall the end come." So we know that until this scripture has been fulfilled uh and to whatever application it is given, this gospel going to all nations and being witnessed and preached to all nations as a witness has to happen before this finality or this ending or conclusion of a dispensation comes. And this for a witness it means that it's going to be a testimony. The gospel is going to be preached as a testimony unto all nations. There's going to be an example of faith. There's going to be something demonstrated that declares uh the gospel. And to be a witness, uh some of the prior things we've looked at the last few services is you must have a heart for the truth. You must love truth. And that's a heart for God. And then also to be an effective witness, you have to have a heart for people. Otherwise, you can be untruthful with the truth. You can use it to your own advantage. You can use it just to tear other things down, but you have to have a heart of a witness to be a true witness. A witness is one who testifies or one who bears testimony of faith. That Greek word that's used in the scripture is where we get our term martyr from. In other words, they were willing to be an example of faith and to demonstrate their faith even unto death. And in Matthew chapter 24, we see that Jesus is prophesying as soon as he says the gospel must be preached unto all nations as a witness. and then the end shall come. He immediately begins to prophesy the destruction of Jerusalem. He says in verse 15, when you therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by the Daniel the prophet stand in the holy place and then this emphasis from Matthew, who so readeth, let him understand. So there was something Jesus conveyed that even oppress impressed the writer and realize Jesus is giving a warning. He's given a prophecy saying that when you see this happen, those who are doing this, don't stop. go do this, do that. Those that are out in the field, just go. Those that are with child, you better better listen and heed because it's going to be a terrible time. And so he prophesies of the destruction of Jerusalem. This is no coincidence because he has just said in verse 14 that the gospel's got to be preached unto all nations. So this speaks of a gentile gospel going to the Gentiles and then immediately goes into the ending that finality and that judgment upon Jerusalem as that final act of that Jewish dispensation closing. And as we were reading on Wednesday night in Ezekiel chapter 9, it fulfills and we'll read some of those verses here in a moment. That's prophecy that is fulfilled in 70 AD when Titus besieges Jerusalem and there's a great slaughter. There's over a million that are dead. there's cannibalism. Uh it's a very terrible and dreadful time. And brother Brandham shows us that and he teaches this consistently that was the end or that finality of the Jewish dispensation. And it was at that time when the Christian church is coming forth. It's entering a new age. And he said that this is repeating again now in the time that we're living in. And so the ending of that age or that time holds a type of the ending of the gentile dispensation or the end that Jesus is referring to in Matthew 24:14. In Luke chapter 19 verses 41 to 44. You'll find a very similar u expression to what he's saying in Matthew 24. And it says when he was come near he beheld the city and wept over it. I wanted you to get this thought of him weeping. This is part of where I'm getting my inspiration for strong enough to cry. Jesus beheld Jerusalem and be to weep over. He mourned. He lamented. It's this sigh of pain for uh what they've done. As he begins to say in verse 42, "If thou hast known even thou at least in this thy day the things which belong unto thy peace, but now they are hid from thine eyes. For the day shall come upon thee that thine enemy shall cast a trench about thee and compass thee around and keep thee in on every side. This is very specific about even what happens in 70 AD at this Roman siege. And shall thy shall and shall lay thee upon even with the ground lay thee even with the ground and thy children within thee. They shall not leave in thee one stone upon another because thou kneest not the time of thy visitation. Who is it that's going to be destroyed? Those that didn't know the time of their visitation. Because the believers who had heard this and as Matthew said, "Who so readeth, let him understand, those who heard and read and understood were not caught in Jerusalem, but escaped the judgment that was coming because they believed Christ and believed his word." And so Jesus is weeping over Jerusalem and he's lamenting and he's crying. A and it's this expression of grief for what they had done. And as Christ weeps over Jerusalem, he gives verbal expression or we can say formal expression to this inner grief or pain. And he begins to speak, oh, you've rejected the word that's come to you. And because you've rejected the word that's come to you and you haven't received the word in your time of visitation, that's judgment that remains for you. And he begins to pour this out and he cries over Jerusalem. This is where I get my title. I want to use this to support my title. Strong enough to cry. I don't know that any one of us would want to argue that Jesus was weak. Uh in a in a sense that he was just trifling and he was piddly and he was a pushover, but he was strong enough to cry. It says in John 11:35 about Lazarus that Jesus wept. I know that's many of you young people's favorite scripture, so you have it memorized. It's the shortest one that I know of. Jesus wept. In other words, it says he shed tears. It was a He was a man that could cry. He could weep. He wasn't afraid to, but he was confident enough in who he was, and he didn't mind maybe the sense of being vulnerable. He was strong enough to cry. Now, in Ezekiel 9:4, this is very specific. Now, if you want to take time to go back and read more in Ezekiel 9, it's that prophecy that we can see connected to Matthew 24, connected to Luke 19, it's that prophecy when there's going to be destruction on Jerusalem specifically. And before the slain comes and before those slaughtering angels with their slaughtering weapons in their hand go forth to slay, and the Bible says, "And they do slay them." God says to the angel who had the well of ink and that that writing utensil and that ink corn by his side to go into the city and this is what it says. Go through the midst of the city and through the midst of Jerusalem and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof. Set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and cry. I know there's a lot today um and I think it's kind of this in that new age revival or however they call it noir uh that's exists within the Christian community and nominal Christianity. There's kind of this new invention of what a what a real man is and a lot of it is just this uh uh it's really really shallow and they'll even decide whether or not you're a man based upon whether or not you're standing upright in your pictures with your wife and if you're leaning you're the simp and if she's standing upright she's the one that controls the scene. And so there's a lot of psychology they put into it and they don't have a clue what real manhood is. And there's a lot of women that want to be in subjection to their husbands and they're saying that I love being under subjection. And there's nothing reflecting a godly Christianity. It's just that they have uh uh they're happy being told what to do and they're subject not to a godly man, but they just want to create the appearance of being a biblical marriage. So there's a lot of nonsense that's out there today in terms of what it means to be a man and what it means to be a woman. But here the Bible actually is telling us that there's to be a mark placed on the foreheads of men that sigh and cry. That mark is that set a mark to it's a it means to mark a mark. That letter we mentioned on Wednesday night that letter or that mark uh is believed to be that T or that towel which would be the sign of a cross even on the forehead. Mark a mark or sign a sign on the foreheads. It's a divine mark. It's prominence. It's on the forehead. It's something at the forefront that distinguished them so that they would not be killed or slaughtered at the time of the slaughter. So it it marked them for deliverance. And the mark is placed on ones who have a very specific character. The Bible says upon them that sigh and cry. They had a very specific character. And I like to say it this way. They had the a heart like God's. They had they had something in their heart that God was pleased with. It was men sighing and crying for the abominations done in Jerusalem just as Christ was sighing and crying in Luke 19. Christ just does not prophesy of the destruction of Jerusalem. In Matthew 24, he's saying destruction's coming, but listen, take heed so that you can't escape. There's one who didn't wasn't just happy to see destruction coming, but rather he was wanting to provide a way of escape. In Luke 19, he's not gleefully looking out over uh Jerusalem saying, "Oh, they're going to get what's coming to them." Which sometimes is our attitude towards Leodysa and people who offend us like, "Oh, they have no idea what's coming to them. Do you know who I am? Do you know what you've just done? You've just offended the bride of Jesus Christ." And we're kind of all excited about the judgment to come. This is not the attitude that Jesus has. But just as Christ wept over Jerusalem here in Ezekiel, there are men and women. and we'll say women, but there's men that are noted here in this collective of believers that were weeping over Jerusalem just like Christ did hundreds of years later. So let's think about these words sigh in Christ. Sigh is this to groan in in grief. It's it's like a gasp so to speak. It's this inner grief for sins and sorrows in this particular scripture. of the sins of the people, the the uh their bondage and their wickedness. It causes this inner grief. You you sense this grieving. In Romans chapter 8 20 verse 26, it says, "Likewise, the spirit also helpeth our infirmities, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered." Using this scripture just to kind of show what this means. Men who sigh. I know when you say, "Oh, he breathed the sigh of relief like and we can kind of hear that." But this sighing is inward where one could be a sigh and it's not necessarily something that you can give that as verbal but it's this something inside this groaning inside. Second Peter 2 7 and 8 speak of it this way and delivered just Lot vexed with the filthy conversations of the wicked. Those the sinful lives of those in Sodom were causing lot to be vexed in his soul. For the righteous man dwelleth among them in seed and hearing vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds. That vexing means they he was oppressed or burdened. It weighed him down inwardly. So Lot may have not been much uh verbal rebuke or some ver verbal scathing or correction but it vexed his heart to see the sins of Sodom. That's that inward groaning that weight that presses down upon you. But it's not just those who inwardly sigh, but it says sigh and cry. And I want my emphasis to be on this crying part. To cry means to lament or make lamentation. You say, "Well, please define lamentation." Well, it means to lament. But to cry, it is uh it is a shouting. It's the it's it's something that is verbal. To cry, to lament, to whail, to to give expression to and it's used of those of witnessing against wickedness. It's this outward expression of that inner grief. Now there may be a time when you inwardly are grieved or burdened uh and so you're sighing but crying is joined to this because there's something that is outward. Jesus Christ just wasn't uh weeping in his heart but he he expressed it. He spoke as he wept. He didn't just say all judgment's coming and leave it at that. He he provided a way of escape. There was a cry that joined with it. So we can sigh and groan privately. Th those are the affections of mind and heart. But then we're to also cry which is to be mourned or shouted publicly. Uh stay with me. I don't want to end there. But this cry is manifested by bearing testimony against the sins that are committed. After weeping over Jerusalem, Jesus says in Luke chapter 19 45 and 47, you notice this very next verse. And he went into the temple, he began to cast out them that sold therein and them that bought. So not only does he weep over Jerusalem, but now as he comes in, he begins to cast them out that sold and that bought, saying unto them, it is written, "My house is the house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves." Yes. And he taught daily in the temple. So he's still there teaching daily. He does this uh purging. It's called the second cleansing of the temple. He does this purging. We'll come back to John 2 here in a little bit. He taught daily in the temple, but the chief priests and scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him. But it says they couldn't because the people were astonished at his doctrine. They were drawn to his teaching. Christ not only wept over Jerusalem, but he comes down within Jerusalem and he begins to cry out against the sins that are being committed in Jerusalem. So, a cry is, and stay very close to how I'm wanting to express this. I hope that there's been some momentum through these prior services. A cry is a protest of sin. Amen. And I believe that we have a duty to live as an open protest to wicked wickedness. That's right. Not not so much what we're saying and the signs that we're painting and the businesses that we target. That shouldn't that's not a part of it all. Our lives ought to be at the very least a subtle protest and a demon yet demonstrative protest against the evil that exists in the day that we're living in. We do not live in Leodysia gleefully that they're all going to burn and be destroyed. But we live in such a way to want my life to in some way be a light that others who are groping in this darkness could see something in me that would cause them to say, "How is it you keep your head when everyone else is losing theirs? Why is it that you can live peaceibly with so many people with so many different ideas and you could testify of an anchor and an absolute which is more sure than anything that exists in the world today. Amen. We must be I'm using this phrase strong enough to cry. But if we're going to be strong enough to cry truly in the way that I mean it here and we don't just leave with this motivation to go and find the first church that we don't think is uh presenting the gospel right and kick over their tables and cause a disruption. We must first remember our own sins and our own sinful condition. In Galatians 6:1, it says, "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of meekness, considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted." We must first if we're going to sorrow, if we sigh for the sins of others and we're going to cry for the sins of others, we must first remember the sorrow we had for our own sins and remember that it was godly sorrow that led us to repentance. That it was the gospel that awakened us to our depravity and our shortcomings. And so we must first remember our own sorrows for our own sins when we see the sins of others. Amen. If not, we risk just seeing everyone else's bad conduct and bad character. And then we develop an attitude towards them. We become bitter towards them. We become judgmental because we've somehow forgotten that we ourselves were once just like them. And so it require the spirit of meekness is required because it requires some balance of tenderness and zeal. You do need to be zealous for truth, but you want to be truthful as brother said about the truth and with the truth so that it can be effective. Don't want to use it as an instrument to drive people away, but you'd want to use it as a means of driving spirits away and evil away and catching the heart of the one who's in bondage to it. Amen. James 1:es 22, 23, and 24 says, "But be doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. For if any be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he's likened to a man beholding his natural face in a glass. He sees himself for what he is, but for he beholdeth himself and goeth his way, and straightway forggetth what manner of man he was. As believers, we first mourn our own sins. I would go so far as to say this that if we are going to sigh and cry for the sins of others, we should be repenting for our own sins if we've committed them. Should be uh seeking forgiveness for our own trespasses. Amen. But Christians though that they would though they sigh and cry for the sins done by others, we don't forget who we were. Right? Before we grieve what others are to mourn the sins of others and to begin to lament and cry out against the sins of others before first repenting. Think of how hypocritical this is. If you have your own sins, you have your own shortcomings, you're living in sin. Let's say you've never never come to the cross, but you're religious and you begin to castigate everyone else. That is pure hypocrisy. It's really is corrupt character to publicly protest sin but live in sin. And that's what strikes me a lot of times with these modern-day Christian inventions of protesting certain policies and certain ways of life and lifestyles. There's no holiness of virtue in the ones that are protesting. It's the worst character to go out and and spit in people's faces and tear them down and call them sinners and all sorts of things. But yourself live in sin or never repent or grieve over your own sin. That's right. Living in all sorts of idolatry and fornication and adultery and uh uh abuses, but then just singling out one sin that you want to oppose and that's hypocrisy. It's the corrupt character. So if we if we sigh and we cry, it's with a remembrance. We sigh and cry because of even our own weaknesses and disobedience. We know how much it can cause affliction. We know how much in bondage we can be. We know how blinded we can be, how religious we can be, and it informs this sighing and crying. So, we're strong enough to cry because we remember our own weaknesses. And we also are strong enough to cry because we're zealous for the glory of God. This is not self- serving. This is not a a zeal that we have so that we can look good and look better than everyone else. Right. Sometimes people hunt an ideology that uh they can fit into to make them superior than everybody else. Like me saying, "I really I I subscribe to the theory that 50-year-olds named Aaron are the best best there is in the world." Right? And you just you just find that paradigm that makes you look better than everyone else. And that's what a lot of things in give provide people is a sense of belonging so that they can feel superior or better than other people. And so it's not it's not to lift or elevate uh one person over the other, but it's zealous for God and his glory and what's due to him. In John 2:es 13-17, this is the first instance where we find Christ entering into the temple and the Jews Passover was at hand and or entering into the temple to purge it or cleanse it. Jesus went up to Jerusalem and found in the temple those who sold oxen and sheep and doves and the chambers of money sitting changers of money sitting. And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple and the sheep and the auction and poured out the changers money and overthrew the tables and said unto them that sold doves, I don't know why he singles them out. You in particular, you dove sellers, take these things hence, make not my father's house a house of merchandise. This is this is quite an instance. But then they remember the prophecy in Psalms says, "And his disciples remember that it's written, the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up." Right? So it wasn't Jesus wasn't zealous because he wasn't making money. And Jesus wasn't zealous because uh his team wasn't scoring more points. He was zealous for the Lord's house. And being zealous for the Lord's house, it was he he he protested the sin. He protested what it had become because of his zeal for God. Wasn't wasn't even that they needed to know who he was necessarily. This is my house and look what you've done. But it's the zeal for the father's house. It was a zeal for God that motivated him. Amen. So it's a we have to have that love in our heart for truth. We love the Lord thy God with all thy heart. That's where this genesis of this behavior is. And then loving God, we would hate sin. those things that are contrary to God. And I like to say it is godlike to grieve sin. Genesis chapter 6:es 5 and 6. And God saw that the wicked of man was great in the earth. These are in the days of Noah. And that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And it repented the Lord that he had made man on the earth. And it grieved him at his heart. You see where it's godlike for sin to grieve you? Amen. This is something I I'll just say personally, this is something that's becoming very real to me because I I I remember years ago I ministered here on being numb. And there was a time in my life where I didn't know if it was this is what faith was or if I was just numb because I wasn't affected by anything. Am I just so strong now where nothing bothers me or if I just become so numb and callous to feeling that I don't feel anything? And if we're not careful, we can lose our blush for worldly things and we lose our sensitivity to wickedness and evil. A and me myself very guilty of that. So I'm not pointing fingers at anyone. And it's becoming more real to me that wow, it's very godlike to be grieved by sin. Very godlike to be grieved by wrong atmospheres. It's very godlike to be grieved by things that he is not pleased with. That's right. And so this response, this sighing and crying in Jerusalem, it was with the remembrance that we ourselves would be were sinners too. Those that were signing and crying in Jerusalem recognized their own failures and faults. They weren't just pointing fingers. They themselves had repented. They were lamenting their own sins. And in signing and crying for the abominations that were being conducted in that city, it was it was a part of the heart of God and their zeal for God. And we sigh and cry not only to the love of the Lord th our God with all of our hearts, but we sigh and cry out of concern for our neighbor. We're not indifferent. We're not just kind of cold and could care less. We're not unconcerned. We're convinced of truth. And being convinced of truth, we're concerned. Romans chapter 13:8, it says, "Owe no man anything but to love one another." This is a duty. owe no man anything but to love one another. For he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. We have a duty to love. We have a duty uh to love because it's in loving that we fulfill the law. Many scriptures we've used often here and then even recently on how that loving your neighbor fulfills the law. Owe no man anything but to love one another. And this love is not it's not human. It's not based upon mushy gushy and emotions. how it's very tied to the word of God. In the sermon, Thirsting for Life, Brother Benham said, "That's what we need tonight, an interest." I I thought this was profound. I found it in more than one place, so I'll read it in just a few places. He says, "We need an interest." You know, the Holy Ghost only marked those who sighed and cried for the abominations did in the city. That's what the Bible said. What if he came to Dallas tonight? Can you go lay your hand on any Pentecostal, Baptist, Presbyterian, Luther that cries and prays and fasts day and night for the sins that's dead in Dallas? Think in your mind now. Is that your house or is it your neighbor's house? Where is that fellow? He says, "Leave it with you. I'm going to leave it with you. Where is he? Think of it now. Will you raise your hand saying God given me such a hunger for souls that I can't rest? I'll have to do something about it. God, let me thirst for you. In thirsting for life, it causes this burden for those who don't have life. In longing for more of God, it causes a burden for those who don't don't want more for God. The more that we become into this revelation of Jesus Christ, the more concerned we should be for those who've rejected Christ and kicked him out of the church, the more zealous we become for the things of God, the more burden we should be for those who are just lukewarm and indifferent about God. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham says uh in an question and answers part three, he says the sigh and cry for the abomination that's done in the city. Where do you see that? Now listen, I can show you 10,000 speaking in tongues to one that's really burdened for sin. 10,000 speaking in tongues to ones that's really burdened for sin. They can't even pray an hour. But did you know the Bible said to mark only those who sigh and cry for the abominations in the city? Where are the people that are interested? I can show you people that jump up and down and cry in church. I can show you people that shout and run all over the building. I can show you people that prophesy and it comes to pass. I can show you those who speak in tongues and run up and down the buildings and say things that actually interpret and it comes to pass. But where is that person that sigh and cries for the abominations this done in the city? Where's that burdened soul? He says you could turn some new leaves on that. That that's what will really turn the page. That's what'll cause some change. That's I said maybe that's a new a real New Year's resolution. Not don't want more shouting. We read it Wednesday night even. He says that about laying hands on the sick and doing these things. It's like oh that's it. He says no that's not it. Where's the burdened soul? Where are those that are interested in sinners? Notice a lot of the speaking in tongues and shouting and dancing and prophesying and all those things. It's all that outward. That doesn't necessarily give us any confirmation of what's inward. The love for our neighbor is expressed in in this sense that we're it's again loving your neighbor is not just being loving or being nice or letting them have their way, but it's based upon this sorrowful reflection of what sin is and that God will judge sin. We don't love our neighbors because we just blind ourselves to God's requirements. We're not worried about what the word of God says and it's just like love everybody, get along with everybody. But we actually love our neighbors because we are conscious and aware of what the damage and destruction sin causes and that them being in sin. We have a heart for them knowing that God's going to judge that sin. In John 13 34-35 he says, "A new commandment I give unto you that you love one another as I have loved you that you love also one another. And by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples if you love one another. So this is a mark of his disciples is that they love one another. Again, not trying to put the wrong kind of interpretation to what love is here, but the love that you have for one another. And in this one of the things I just began to think about more and more as I tried to enter into the thought that Jesus is mean here, my commandment, this new commandment is that you love one another. And if I could say it this way before I get into some of the examples, providing a godly example is a loving act that that Jesus because he loved them sanctified himself. Because Jesus loved he demonstrated because he loved he provided an example. He loved us first and thereby provided an example for us that we should follow in his steps. And so to provide a godly example is an act of love. Right. Sometimes we just say, and this has been one of the challenges in our own homes, let me just pull back the curtain on the Mira household for a moment, that it's been one of those challenges where this is the iPad the song leaders use. It's like, "Hey, buddy, get off your iPad." Seriously, son, stop scrolling. Are you guys still scrolling? Right. There's a little bit of uh there could be some just apparent hypocrisy on its face when we try to drill into our young people things that they ought to do and we're not affording them the example. Say, "Oh, well, I'm doing some top level security stuff over here, son." Like, this is this is loitering. And that's not necessarily what's being conveyed when you're on a on a device at all hours. So, there is something to be said about love constrains us. And when we provoke one another under love and good works that we want to demonstrate by example, James chapter 1 26-27. I really thought I'd get more amens for my kids there. Remind me next time not to pander to them. If any man among you seem to be religious, James 1:es 26- 27. If any man among you seem to be religious and bridleth not his tongue, but dis but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain. Vain religion. Empty. You're not losing your religion. It's vain. There was never any religion to it. But pure religion and undefiled before God and the father is this. So there's vain religion and pure religion to visit the fatherless and the widows and their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. Right? So many endeavor to do the first part. Well, we're going to be very charitable and we're going to visit the farthest and the widows. We're going to take care of the homeless. We're going to do this philanthropy and we're going to do this. We're going to do this. But to keep himself unspotted from the world is probably the foundation and the bedrock for anything you would do. subsequently that in keeping ourselves unspotted from the world, we demonstrate the right example to the follst. In keeping ourselves unspotted from the world, those that we visit and the widows and and the care that we give is at least showing them from whence it comes in the right and proper way to keep ourselves unspotted from the world causes us to be that testimony and witness. This is why the Bible in encourages us and tells us to keep ourselves unspotted from the world so that we can be a witness. I I I wanted to share this and I'm not I don't think I'm shoehorning this in there or forcing it, but I was reading one of the letters that Van Gogh had written to his brother Theo and and Theo I think was just kind of getting into a particular crowd and he was really enjoying the scene that he was a part of. And Van Go writes to Vincent writes to him and he says this. He says, "If you value the love and esteem of young people," he's kind of running around with that young crowd. He says, "Declare your beliefs openly whenever suitable and admit that you love Christ in the Bible." Isn't that good? He says, "Doesn't a son love his father better for this reason than any other?" When you are if you if you have a love for somebody else, if you value uh uh their esteem and their opinion, if you if you like them, think about this in all other areas of our lives. if I really got in good with this group and I've been accepted into this circle and I find that my status is really good here. Whatever it might be in whatever circle, social or professional it is, it says if you really value it, declare your beliefs openly whenever suitable. I'm glad that that's there because it does give us some wisdom to desire the right moment. He says, "But admit that you love Christ." Now, don't be afraid to be identified with the word of God. In Titus 2 11 and 12, for the grace of God that bringeth salvation, hath appeared to all men, teaching us, remember grace teaches us to deny ungodliness, to deny worldly lust, teaching us that we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world. And if I I want to add this for this present world. The reason why that we would deny ungodliness and worldly lust and live soberly, righteously, and godly is so that we could continue to be in maintain a testimony or protest against it for those who are in bondage to it. We live godly in this present world for the redemption of those who are bound by this present world. Brother Brandham in the sermon, the seal of Christ is speaking of how there's just something been lost in the hearts of the people. No more burden for the lost. Just let them go anyway. And then this as long as we can procelite a little bit and help our cause out, fix our denomination up so they could be the biggest and get more people into that church, then we're just sat we're satisfied. Notice the selfish nature of evangelism or witnessing is that they can just h have their cause be helped a little bit. Fix your numbers up some, but it's not a genuine burden for the lost. You either just kind of let them go or you figure out a way to hook them in and make them stay to suit yourself. In the sermon, the evidence of the resurrection, he says, we make so much emotion over our religious ideas. Think is how fervent and aspirational and uh uh emotional and demonstrative people can get over religious ideas. But who is it in the city tonight in Jeffersonville that's so concerned about the lost world in this last day that even spends 30 minutes a night praying for the sins of the city? We are not interested anymore. We just want to know that we can have a good time. We just want to know that we can have a little society in our church. There's the social aspect. people choosing their place of worship for social reasons. We want to know that we've got a vote coming in when it comes to time to elect the next pastor. Ah, doing some discerning today, isn't it? We want our church to look a little better than the next fellow's church. That's the idea of the world today. This is not that's not the right kind of heart. It's not the right kind of motivation, but it's out of if you have a heart that remembers your own sin, that loves God, then you're concerned, genuinely concerned for your neighbor. When you remember your own sin and love God, it develops this genuine concern. Say, "They don't have to go to my church. I they just need to come to know Christ the way that I know him because there's judgment for them if they don't. if you could. I think this I just have a uh maybe a couple more scriptures to read here, but just one little bit length more lengthy one in Romans chapter 15 verses 1-7. Yep, this is this is where we're we're at here towards the end. Romans chapter 15:es 1-7. I'll read verse one, then we'll pick up here in a little bit. Um well, actually, we'll just go to verses 2 and three. How was that? says, "When then we then we then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak." We know in Galatians it says, "Every man must bear his own burden." But then he says, "Bear you one another's burdens." Two different kinds of burdens. We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak and not to please ourselves. You find over and over and over again where brother Benham uses Ezekiel 9:4 as a true test of Christian character. Do we sigh and cry for the sins conducted by the people? Do we sigh and cry for sinners? Are we burdened for lost souls? We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak and not to please ourselves. In the sermon, behold I stand at the door and knock. Brother Bram says I can say can you show me somebody that belongs to church? Thousands. Can you show somebody that shouts? Thousands. Speaks with tongues, thousands. Works miracles, thousands. But show me somebody that size and cries for the abominations done in the church. That's I think that's remarkable. Thousands upon thousands that belong to church that that that shout that that speak with tongues that work miracles. But the question is, show me somebody that's signing and crying for the abominations done in the church. The existence of sin. when we see it. And those who are bound by sin should stimulate this deep response in us to impress upon others the need to have the mark, the need for salvation. And he says, "We then that are strong, we that are strong have a duty to lend a hand to those who are weak or unknowing or ignorant and don't know truth. We have a duty to those who are in bondage." Because Paul I I read it this way in one translation one time and it's always stuck with me. Strength is for service not status on this it's the way verses one and two uh were translated into uh uh from the original and it said strength your strength is for service not status. Right. Brother Brandham says in the sermon, "Leadership." Now look at yourself. Really? Are you a genuine Bible Christian full of the love of God? This is leadership December 7th, 1965. So this principle of marking them that side and cry is not a pre-seals idea because then he quotes Ezekiel chapter 9 and he says is your heart so concerned about sinners and the way that the church and the people are doing till you sigh and cry about it day and night. This is at the heart they that are strong. My heart is so full the love of God that I'm impacted. There's this definition that we can become so full of the love of God in so much like Christ is just like just everyone just come just come just be yourself you that's shooting up over there in the corner do you need another needle are you good right there's just such a watering down where there's no real backbone anymore that's not what it means but to your heart is so full of the love of God you're strong enough to be concerned and be moved I'm going to quote brother Vincent again he says love is the best and most noble thing in the human heart, especially when it has been tried and tested in life like gold in the fire. Happy is he and strong in himself who has loved much. Think of the strength. You who are strong and even if he has wavered and doubted, has kept the divine fire and has returned to that which was in the beginning and shall never die. If only one continues to love faithfully that which is verily worthy of love and does not squander his love on the truly trivial trivial and insignificant and faint-hearted things, then one will gradually become more enlightened and stronger. The way that we project our love towards the word of God, the more that our faith is tried and tested, the more that it becomes uh uh like pure gold, the more enlightened, the more understand we come and the stronger that love becomes. because we don't we don't shift it. Our love isn't for trivial insignificant things. Our love isn't always just being projected in a way where it finds its root and its basis and its ideals in things that are not godly. But being fixed on Christ, the one who is worthy of all all love and all honor, our hearts being fixed on that, we gradually get stronger and stronger and stronger that we that are strong can bear the infirmities of the weak. Amen. Continuing in verse two, let every one of you us please his neighbor for his good to edification. Please his neighbor. Watch out for the good of those around you. Have your neighbor in mind. You're asking and and I want to put it particularly like this. Not so much, what can I do to help you today? Is that can I mow your lawn? Can I can I rake your rocks? It's more of how is it I can conduct myself and bear a testimony that's beneficial to them. Let every one of you please his neighbor for his good edification, for his building up, for his what's best. I have my best in mind for him. And then it says, for even Christ pleased not himself. He didn't make it easy on himself. He didn't make it better for himself. He didn't just criticize sin or just ignore sin, but he pleased on himself. But as it is written, the reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me. Notice, I took on the troubles of the troubled. Amen. their burden of sin and the things that troubled you and the things that reproached you. I I've entered into that burden and I've looked and I've seen that that them being in sin, they need to be rescued from it. Was not being indifferent. Mark 10 21 then Jesus beholding him loved him. This is the rich young ruler. He's asked what can I do to master what can I do to obtain and have eternal life? And Jesus looks at him loves him. That word that's used there is he projected divine love. And how was this love projected? He said unto him, "One thing thou lackest. Go thy way. Sell whatsoever thou hast and give to the poor and thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come take up thy cross and follow me." The Bible says that this rich young ruler turned around grieved in his heart because he had much possessions. Jesus didn't love him and was afraid. He I don't want him to be grieved. I don't want him to feel these this dissonance. I don't want him to wrestle within himself. But love provoked him to tell him the truth of what he needed. We that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak. That when we see others in sin, we see others faltering, we see others doing something that's wrong, that we grie. We're grieved in our spirits. We don't lash out. We we don't use names, name call or condescend. We don't just try to condemn people. We say, "Lord, help me to do good in a way that I could please for his good edification live." What's the right thing I can do as a neighbor to testify of Christ? I hope you can see kind of what I mean this morning. Am I strong enough to cry? We should be believers enough, Christian enough, strong enough, have faith enough, be convinced enough to cry out and our lives be a protest. Amen. The way we live, things we choose to do, the places we choose to go, the way that we choose to respond, I want to be a protest against sin. In the sermon, the 10 virgins and the 144,000 Jews, brother says, oh, he's saying about what they don't have. He says they don't have that constant burden for the lost, that sweetness. I'm just closing here. He says don't ever let anything rise up and put bitterness in your soul. Think of that. Don't you have to have a burden for the loss that sweetness. He says don't let anything put bitterness in your soul. What is it reflected? What is it related to? The witness you can be to the lost. The more bitter we become, the less effective witnesses we become. Right? It's what happens when people get bitter towards a church or a pastor or an ideology. They get bitter towards what they call something that they used to follow and believe in. They get bitter and then they're no longer burdened for the lost. They perceive the lost as those that are still locked in a system or doing something and that bitterness they just lash out. They try to destroy. They're motivated by the wrong things. He says we'd never let that bitterness rise up because it's going to sour that sweetness we ought to have for the lost souls. No matter how bad anyone ever treats you or anything, don't ever don't be guilty of letting that thing anchor in your soul. It'll grieve the Holy Spirit away from you. We must not become bitter towards sin. Bitter towards Leodysia. Hey, hate sin all you want. God hates sin. Be grieved by sin just as God is grieved by it. But do just as God did. Be that voice. There's going to be a cry. If there if we've heard the the the shout in this end time, if if we know what the word of God is orienting our minds and our hearts to, then Lord, I want my life to be a shout out against sin. I want to be a voice against sin, not railing, not fighting, but it's even put in that sense of a sweetness, a tenderness for lost souls. I'll invite the musicians to come to their instruments as we close, but if you could just focus with me just for another moment as I read this, take this into your heart. Think very deeply about this. Brother Benham says, "And what dust thou hear?" He says, "What we need tonight is that deep, rich experience, that something down in us, it don't have to shout, yet it might. It don't have to shout." Who's been hiding this quote from me? It don't have to shout yet it might. But we put all emphasis on our shouting. It's brother Brandham now. But we put all our emphasis on our shouting. It might never speak with tongues. Yet it might. But we put all emphasis on that. It might not attend Billy Graham's meetings or Robert's meetings. Good thing for us. Or my meeting. It don't have to. So, it's not which meetings you're going to. What it has to have, oh, okay, we got a we have a have to have. Doesn't have to have shouting. Doesn't have to have attending certain meetings. It doesn't have to have speaking in tongues. But what it does have to have is the depths of God's eternal love. The spirit on the inside of them that makes you what you are. That's what I was speaking about this morning. That's what I was pulling the church across Calvary back and forth. Do you think because you spoke with tongues or that you know so much about the scripture or you've read somebody's books you know more than the other fellow? He said put a mark on those that sigh and cry for the abominations that's done in the city. Who would he mark in our city tonight? I had I guess I uh read a quote on Jeffersonville, one on Dallas. Not that those are you know favorite targets. I thought I had one in here on Phoenix. And he says it in Phoenix, too. Who would he mark in Glendale and Buckeye and Goodyear and Mesa and Gilbert? Who would he mark in Surprise and in Anthem? Who would he surprise and prescuit and Flagstaff surprise? Who would he have mark in surprise? Who would he who would surprise God and he'd be able to mark? You know what I'm trying to say? Who would he mark in our cities tonight? [Music] I believe that if you have the seal of God, you've been marked. And what this sermon should do is unlock that part of the Holy Ghost that's inside of you that's been rubbing against the bitterness in your spirit, saying, "Soften a little. Sweeten a little." Those things you begrudge, pray for it. those things you hate. Pray for those that are in bondage to it. Pray so that your spirit gets softened and your heart gets softer. And then you could begin to actually weep and groan. And once that weeping and groaning takes begins to take place in your heart, then you're strong enough to cry. Then you can live a life that may by God's grace, my prayer is Lord, let me become sweet enough deep within my soul. He says, "In the depths there, the depths of God's eternal love, may it be deep enough so I can sigh so that my cry can be effective." I want to be a real genuine witness of this gospel. I listen to the message of the hour. Listen to brother Ben teach. He's had a lot. We are familiar with it. The criticisms, the the people trying to play psychologist with it, the way they try to characterize them. But there's one consistent theme I've heard my life personally, one thing I've heard from others who listen to it is that there was a genuiness. There was a sincerity. There was a tenderness and a softness for people's hearts. I want to have the love for God's word that'll make me a proper witness. God, help us today. If we could stand, we'll pray [Music] together with our heads bowed. If you desire prayer today and say, "Lord, mark, I I want to be [Music] marked." If you don't have this in your heart, search your heart. If there if there's been a lack of repenting of your own sins, if you've uh been stubborn and and haven't relented to the love of God for your heart to be changed, oh, by all means, don't become one who just now begins to rail against sin and you you yourself live in it. But if you've met him, know him, serving him, just reminding you today that one of the things that brother Brandham consistently and one of the things the scripture points out is that a heart for lost souls is at the heart of God. Not marking those who shout, not marking those who dance, not marking those that have read some certain books and know all the scriptures, but who is truly burdened for the lost? That's who the Holy Ghost would mark today. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, as we close this service, we're praying that the things which we have heard would touch deeply within our hearts. Lord, I I know for myself that I'm looking at a very vast subject and to take a portion of it, minister it in less than an hour could in some ways leave a feeling of uncompleteness that it could be taken out of context. But I trust Lord that this could be rightly divided to the hearts of the people by your Holy Spirit so that they can understand what your true emphasis is and what your motivation is. Lord, we don't want to leave here and just become some sort of cliche about Christianity. We want to be real. We want to be we don't want to be hypocritical. We don't want to just put up a facade and run a booth or print out certain things and just find the right way to get the hook in there through social media. But Lord, just having that genuine authentic life that lives this word in its reality. We brush up against the world and we make contact with people in the world. We're conducting ourselves in the right way. And I believe Lord that just by handling ourselves appropriately as mothers and fathers, as sisters and brothers, as students and as parents, as teachers, as co-workers and bosses, Lord, and consultants, whatever it might be, that just by behaving in a way that is upright and godly in this present world, that is witness. That is witnessing. Help us to do it, Lord, for the sake of others. and that we could realize, Lord, that as we get stronger in your love, we become stronger. We become more able to cry as Christ did. Bless your people today, those that are here with us. If they have any needs, Lord, we're committing them to you. Heal, Lord, those that are sick. Comfort those who are hurting. Deliver those who are bound. Save those that are lost. Encourage those who are discouraged, Lord. that mind right now that is just so cobwebbed and cloudy and fuzzy and it's not seems like nothing but white noise and there's nothing discernable. Lord, may that still small voice resonate from the heart. Just open up the cloud so that the sun can shine in. We love you. We commit the people to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
