################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - The Prophet and The Playwrights - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   The Prophet and The Playwrights
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YHwwB9ZqTQ
========================================

Description:
The Prophet and The Playwrights
Wednesday Service: June 25, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Acts chapter 9, start with verse 4 and then verse five. Then we'll skip over to chapter 26. I think this is scriptures that you're very familiar with as it relates to Saul's conversion who becomes the Apostle Paul. And as he falls down by the appearance of this light on the road to Damascus, he says, "He fell to the earth and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" And he said, "Who art thou, Lord?" And so he's using a a nomination that would declare Elohim or Jehovah. And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. It is hard for thee to kick against the prick. So there's Paul's telling of it there. Then in chapter 26 going to see a similar event. You just kind of summarize this part in verse 14. And it says, ' And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. So there's that common phrasing he uses here. It is hard for thee to kick against the goat against the pricks. Amen. You can be seated. I'm going to take the title tonight of the prophet and the playwrights. the prophet and the playwrights. I'll come to a definition of that here in a moment. Uh but just to kind of recap a few things. I think tonight we may just be closing up this few these three services on this subject of the prophet and the poets and the philosophers and now the playwrights. And we've been examining Paul's use of popular culture uh to convey the gospel to those who did not know God, who did not have a promise of God. And one thing that we could examine in great detail is how the Gentiles had their own gods. They had their own mythology. They had their own superstitious religions and they were fascinated with new ideas and mysteries and kind of the eastern religions be to fascinate them. And then even as the Jewish despora uh made it to some of their counties and their cities and their lands uh there was a lot of Jewish philosophy that begin to get uh mixed into it. There's a lot of hellistic Jews. And so the realm outside of Israel and the theology and the beliefs outside of the Jews uh was very different than what we would see in the Old Testament. And so as Paul was called to take this gospel to the Gentiles as a Bible even says here rise and stand on thy feet for I've appeared unto thee for the purpose to make thee a minister and witness of these things that you'll see that you've seen and from the Gentiles bringing the L word of the Lord to the Gentiles. We see that in Acts chapter 26. And so Paul had to find the way to even show the truth of their philosophies or the questions of their philosophies, the hunger, the things that they were kind of using to itch their ears would be satisfied in Jesus Christ just as it was to the Jews. The Jews had a very robust theology that looked for a messiah. And when Jesus came, he came preaching uh the kingdom of God and and the Messiah. And and then when Paul begins to preach and bring the gospel, he's talking a lot about uh the Lord Jesus Christ and the church. It's very different than what was preached to the Jews and is based upon expectation, based upon kind of what how their appetite or what they were looking to. And so the fact that Paul quoted the Greek classics, I was even sharing this with some people as this has been something that's just really been impressed upon me to dive into. I will say here that I have not discovered these things on my own. Uh I'm not the first person to ever begin to make a connection of some classic things in the Greek philosophy to the things that Paul taught. Uh I would say it's something that the very early Christian commentators and writers is how I came across it and they've been writing on about it for centuries. And so it's something that would be even ministered today in many different pulpits. And so this is an exclusive uh this isn't an Aaronism orism, whatever, however you'd like to say it. uh but it is something that I think is important to us because it's in our Bible. And one thing that has really really uh been impactful to me is how that him quoting these these different philosophers and poets and as he says they're prophets is remarkable because it combines something that I'm absolutely certain is true and that's Bible history with something that is uh well regarded or well researched and well known and that has its own area and that's world history. And it seems for me personally, it's one thing to believe the Bible and the things and the events that happened therein and it seems to be kind of this narrow view. You look in on scripture and you have creation story. You have Abraham and the children of Israel. Then you have the New Testament gospel and it it ends with the prophecies of what will be gentile church ages. And we feel that we kind of get a lens or view into that through the teaching on the church ages and and church history. But now it's not just history of the Jews. It's not just Bible history or church history, but it's world history. And Paul begins to quote from things that the world commonly believes in, commonly accepts and believes as absolute authorities. And it kind of creates this vin diagram in a way of the Bible and the truth of God's word and the things that were existing in other places. I was fellowshipping with my uh my neighbor, not in the apartment next door, but one very close by. His name's Larry. And we were fellowshipping on these things. And uh we were just fellowshipping. we got to talking and he said there was more proof that Paul wrote the letters he wrote than there was proof that Shakespeare uh wrote Hamlet. I was like that's a good one. I'm going to use it. I don't even know if it's true. But I'm just quoting brother Larry. And that's what he said. And so if there's an issue he went to seminary. We'll take it up with him later. But I thought that that was remarkable that there may be some things that even the academics are more confident that Paul wrote than they're even sure about even our modern playwrights or more modern playwrights such as Shakespeare. And so there's that particular aspect there where to me it's just fascinating to see something that is uh world history and then Paul is able to bring these things in and gather some of these things in not just Paul but other sources and we see them fitting together. And then also one thing that I've been trying to or one thing that I want to get across is that as we see these things, there's no need when we see that Paul is teaching using maybe these different sources. There's no need to refute his basis. Well, I don't know that he said that and we can't find this proof and we can't find this script and it only goes back to one person who said that. Maybe we can't find all the the historical details, but we needed to re need to refute it. nor do we have to accept the philosophy he's drawing from and say, "Oh, wow. Well, he's talking about this mysticism. We should dig into that. There's a lot of things that maybe the the Cabal or certain uh uh Jewish mystics uh believe." And if you begin to look into it, say, "Wow, that kind of seems real similar to this teaching and it has this connections to this and oh, I'm all in on that." No, you don't need to do that. Paul gave us the truth as he was ministering it to them and were witnesses of how he's trying to reach these other non-believers. Uh we recognize Paul then shows us what the truth is. We don't have to go hunting it somewhere else. And so the po the prophet we don't have to deny the basis or figure it out. Nor do we need to accept the some new philosophy. The prophet does the tying together for us. And and I believe we can see that same theme with the message of the hour. And so we can preach the gospel uh through the the lens or the benefit of understanding the age we're living in or the lens of popular culture not based upon our own experience but based upon prophetic insight a prophetic vision of the age as Leodysia is defined as being blind. They're wretched. They're miserable. They're naked. They're poor. They're wandering in darkness. And a prophet comes and he rebukes the spirit of the age. And there's a light that comes to the age. And there's a there's an understanding. There's this faculty of being able to receive light that they've got to re they've got to catch in order to come to the light of God's word. And so it's very important for us to realize the prophet was using a language and church history. He's using a language of denominations and denominationalism. He's speaking things in a way just as Paul did so the light of God's word could shine into the hearts of a gentile bride. They could come to know God as he wants to be known. And so that's uh that's that's my uh that's my opening so that we can see that we're uh where we're coming from on this. Now let's look at Acts chapter 17 28. Going to touch on a few things we've spoke on the last couple services. But Paul as he's there on Mars Hill as he's speaking to the sophisters, the educated, the seekers, those that came to that place to hear to ask questions and have their intellect tickled or their enlightenment uh broadened. He says, "For in him we live and move and have our being as certain also of your own poets have said, "For we are also his offspring." The prophet quotes the poets Aratus, Cleanth, Calameus, and Epimenities. He's quoting them from these different writings and some that were said one way this way and some that were said that way. But he's referring to something that would have been part of their uh their vocabulary, their their literature, their knowledge. For in him we live and move and have our being. For we are also his offspring. We find that those very statements are found uh for in him we live and move and have our being is found in those Greek classics. And we are also his offspring is found in these poems or these hymns to Zeus. In Titus 1:12, one of themselves even a prophet of their own, a prophet, a poet and a philosopher. Epimenity said, "The Cretians are always liars, evil beast, slow bellies." We found that written word for word uh in in the classics in Greek literature and Greek philosophy. And so the prophet prophet used a philosophers's paradox. He uses it to make a point about the creations for Titus's sake so that he would know how to find the right men who were qualified to understand the nature and the character of those that he was ministering to. So we could we've seen that he's used their their philosophers, their poets, and their prophets to declare the gospel to unbelievers. Not saying that any one of them were indeed true prophets or had the truth or knew Christ. Uh there's some that even would argue in the early church that the philosophers and some of these philosophers were Christians uh as much as you could be without Christ based upon the things that they were striving for and exploring. But he was bringing the truth of the gospel to these unbelievers. And then in Titus 1:14 after he has used Greek mythology and some henistic terminologies and these things to convince the gains he became a Greek to the Greeks he became a philosopher to the philosophers. He then warns not giving heed to Jewish fables and commandments of men that turn from the truth. So he would only use some light, some understanding, some principle to lead to the truth of Christ. And so he could never abandon the scripture. could never abandon the true character and nature of Christ. He just used those things that could lead them to and stay faithful to the gospel. And he warns them about Jewish fables. That's mythology. And so he shows a path away from mythology. He warns against the defiling of Christianity by uh uh marrying the two together. Some mysticism and Jew Judaism. He said, "No, this may be what you've seen and this may be what you believe. You worship the unknown god. Well, I'm going to declare and make that god known to you." so that you're without excuse. So now to this thought of the prophet and the playwrights. The playwright is one who writes a play or a drama. And so the prophet and the playwrights is my thought tonight. I mentioned before we'd be speaking on this. I had some reach out to me and text me and say, "I think I found where you're going." And so good. You know where I'm going and you can help me get through this. in 1 Corinthians chapter 15. I'd like to read verses 30-34. And so we'll just touch on a couple, then we'll go through this. Going to walk through it in the same manner we have in the last two services. I trust that um there's a sufficient enough energy on my part and enthusiasm for the subject matter to where you can find uh and and experience yourselves that God can speak to you through these things that uh will get a benefit out of this. So he says and and I think this is a very dramatic statement by Paul in verse 30. And why stand we in jeopardy every hour? Very dramatic. He says, "I protest by your rejoicing, which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily." Those are two sentences that are certainly a mouthful. Now verse 32, "If I after the manner of men, if excuse me, if after the manner of men I have fought with beast at Ephesus, what advantageth it me if the dead rise not? Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die. Now I often looked at this statement as if I fought like men with a beast and then died like a beast. I think there's certainly that connotation there. But also when I begin to study the the language and how he's using it even in the context if I if after the manner of men he's saying to use maybe a proverbial phrase uh maybe something a popular cliche or something you might hear. If I as men would say fight with beast. So he's using a phrase to those at Ephesus or about those at Ephesus that kind of hearkens to something that would have identified those at uh at Ephesus. There was one philosopher in the 6th century BC, Heraclitus. I wish I could just say these names the way that they look like to me, but I'm I'm afraid I might offend a scholar here. But Heraclitus he said of he was of Ephesus and he was known to have said that the Ephesians had become beasts instead of men. So he says I fought with beasts at Ephesus. Oh well what kind of beast were these? He's talking about the men at Ephesus the Ephesians. And he fought with them and there was this philosopher one of their own who said they become beast instead of men. Plato even was known to call a mixed crowd a beast referring to kind of the irrational behavior of crowds. Uh it was Homer who called uh the goddess Artemis the mistress of wild beast. She was a goddess of hunting. She was known to have a bow and arrow or use arrows. And so by Paul's time, Ephesus had become a stronghold of Artemis. And Artemis was closely associated with a wide array of beasts. So when he says the beast at Ephesus, it's not just snakes or or boars or whatever it is we might be afraid of or coyotes, wolfes, whatever we might think it might be that we'd have to rescue. He's actually talking about the people, the citizens of Ephesus. Ephesus was a stronghold of that cult of Artemis. And so Paul shoots an arrow at them, kind of takes a shot at them using their own language, saying that uh there's I fought with these wild beasts at Ephesus. And he's quoting from and using the language of their philosophers. Then he says, "Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die." If I just to use the phrase uh that maybe the of the Ephesians, if I have fought with wild beast, what good does it do me if there is no resurrection? Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die. He quotes from the prophet Isaiah. I'm quoting quoting from the prophet Isaiah chapter 22:13 it says and behold joy and gladness say slaying oxen and killing sheep eating flesh and drinking wine let us eat and drink for tomorrow we shall die so he's quoting scripture but at the same time remember how we referred to the epicurans and the stoics he's using what was an epicuran maximum because they believed there's no life after death so what do you do avoid pain maximize pleasure and their attitude was they only sought not pleasure. They tried to avoid pain because there's nothing afterlife and since there is no resurrection, eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow we die. So his phrase though he's quoting Isaiah the prophet and it and Isaiah the prophet was alive at the same time Heraclitus was alive around the very near the same time. So what Isaiah said has some root uh has some connection even to or a rebuke to the attitudes of the Greeks and to their idea that there is no afterlife. There is no reason. Just get as much pleasure as you can. Right? So he's pointing he's pointing out here by the use of this phrase that if men believe they'll die like beasts, they'll behave no better than beasts. They'll live to satisfy their appetites. And exactly what the Gentiles did. They lived according to their flesh to satisfy the flesh. They walked blindly. And we can see that in the book of Ephesians and how they walked u to satisfy the needs of the flesh. They had no promise after in the afterlife. So Paul is dealing with the resurrection and right in the middle of the resurrection and quoting Isaiah, he drops this phrase of these wild beasts. Let us eat, drink, for tomorrow we die. And then this is where verse 33, right in the middle of this, he says, "Be not deceived. Evil communications corrupt good manners." And we immediately recognize that to be scripture. And he says, "Awake to righteousness and sin not." Verse 34, "For some have not the knowledge of God." I speak this to your shame. Awake. When he says, "Awake to righteousness," this is a deliberate uh rebuke or reference to Platonic and Stoic philosophies where there was this they all they had this rhetoric about enlightenment that they had this uh their whole uh process the Stoics on the Portico, the porch when they begin to talk, it was all about emerging from ignorance, coming out of the shadows, coming out of darkness, coming into enlightenment to know truth. And that was all about the the Platonic uh belief system, the Stoic rhetoric was all about enlightenment. And he says, "Wake up. Awake to righteousness. For some have not the knowledge of God." Paul Paul uses a phrase to call to mind Greek philosophy. He's using even the language. You'll find he says in other words about the knowledge and the light and the face. And he's using something that would have caught different people's attention. He's using phrases that call to mind hell and mysticism to get their attention. awake to righteousness. Some don't know God, not Zeus, but God. He says, "I speak this to your shame." Now, as we'll come back to some of these elements here, but it taking all these things in together, whether it be in Titus or Acts 17 here in 1 Corinthians 15, Paul is using phrases at times. And in using these phrases, we've seen how they're exact. Uh now we we could always debate, well Paul didn't know that. That's just a coincidence because that's very common. Or that wasn't said that way. It was translated to this in the English. Well then you go back to the Greek and you find it was written in the Greek exactly that way that you'd find it in the Greek and it can still be debated uh the truth of it or the source of it. But if we just accepted that Paul was saying things that people attributed to uh writers and philosophers and minds and and and intellectuals before him. Then this is the response that the people had when they were recognized in that day. Now I want you to focus very closely here in Acts chapter 17 18 says then certain philosophers of the Epicurans and of the Stoics. These are these big schools of philosophy. They had their ideology about life and the purpose and meaning of life. We covered that in the first service on the poets. He said they encountered him and said what will this babbler say? others some he seemth to be setter forth of strange gods because he preached unto them Jesus and the resurrection. So again, this resurrection becomes really odd to people because they're saying just live this way, live morally, live good, uh or live maximize pleasure. And all of a sudden, someone's saying that there's an afterlife. Uh you're going to be resurrected. And if you're going to be resurrected, I mean, if we knew that we could treat life like we did when we got our first Nintendo game console, that we could just hit reset or hit power before uh when we get killed or before the game saves again. Man, how many times will we do this over? Be worse than Groundhog Day. and then we just give me a doover. Give me a doover. Give me a doover. And when it's this idea of an afterlife, people start thinking, well, that changes things. This is different. What what does this mean? But think about this phrase. These sophists, these ones that wanted to argue and they had their debates and their genealogies and they had their stats and statistics and they had their their scrolls and they had their their prophets of their own. They call him a babbler. This word babbler means a seed picker. It's like a bird pecking around and gathering seeds. So what they called Paul was he's basically was a parasite. The word babbler would refer to one that would kind of lounge around the market and just kind of pick up whatever might may by chance fall from a merchants's table. So the belie the the Greeks, the intellect, the ones that he was trying to reach, the ones that were being rebuked by the prophet's message believe Paul had nothing original. that all he was doing was just plagiarizing this person, taking this thought from that person, plagiarizing for this, and he was just piecing together bits of others before him. And this is a criticism they had of Paul. He's got nothing original. He stole that from this philosopher. This is nothing original. This was said on the porch in the pico by Portico by this person. He's just pulling these different things and cobbling together. He's nothing more than a babbler or a seed picker who pecks around and he's just gathered these little bits together. He said he was a parasite. That's what they said about Paul. And so these things are that's why they called him a babbler because oh we recognize this. We recognize that. What what is he going to what little thing is he going to just spit out at us next? Let's go back to 1 Corinthians chapter 15 and look at verse 33. I kind of skipped over this, but he says after he's talking about, let me just use a phrase perhaps after the manner of men that if I have fought with the beast at Ephesus, what good does it do me if there is no resurrection? There is no resurrection, then live as the Epicurans, maximize pleasure, minimize pain. Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die. That would be that's what the the the line he's on is about the resurrection. And then he says, "Be not deceived. Evil communications corrupt good manners." Now, this statement is widely believed to be taken from the play Theas by Manander. I as I've first came across this many many years ago, it just I've never found uh anyone who said that's an absolute fabrication and lie. They've even found the scrap or the fragment from which this is based. Manander was a Greek dramatist. He's best known for representing the the Athenian new comedy. I guess they had old and then they had medium and then they had new. I guess this would be Glutius Medius or I don't know which one it would be, but he wrote about 108 comedies. uh he's one of the most popular writers in the antiquity. He's very very famous, very popular. So in the middle of teaching on the resurrection, quoting Isaiah the prophet, he inserts this pros and when he does it, he maintains this amic uh meter, try meter I think it is, and he does it in such a way to where it's in the style of classic Greek and Latin poetry. He doesn't change it at all. He said just just exactly as it would appear in a poem like captain my captain or something that might be very familiar to us if somebody be to quote Bob Dylan and and they use it in a sermon it be they would say oh well that's just exactly the way it was written so it's a a manander maxim something that would have been common within the henistic Greek education or that someone would have known it would have been something that you're taught if I said right now I cannot tell a lie who would you think of Did I say it wrong? Who is it that chopped down the cherry tree? Maybe we don't learn those things anymore. Who said we must protect this house? Who is it that said that? Okay, I need to go a bit later. Uh, who said, "Are you not entertained?" So, it's just a it was a common phrase. But Manander, he was a student of Epicurius at Athens. So now you can see some of these things tied together. And so when he uses Isaiah, it's what one person called a well-tuned irony. He quotes Isaiah who in his his writing rebukes the attitude of the Epicurans. He rebukes uh this idea, well there's no afterlife, so let's just eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow we die. And then he quotes one of their own students that evil communications corrupt good manners. This is the statement uh one of the ways that it's written. This is based on a scholarly uh written about 320 or 300 BC. This is from that theus and this is one of the translations. Loose bridled pest me thinks though I have suffered this that nonetheless I know to be glad to have her. Sing to me goddess. Sing of such a one as she audacious beautiful plausible with all. She does you wrongs. She locks her door. keeps asking you for gifts. She loveth none, but ever makes pretense. Communion with the bad corrupts good character. This just one translation and you'll find that when Paul says, "Evil communications corrupt good manners," he rebukes Epicurans and then quotes one of their own comedies, which then it wasn't they actually had situational comedies. Then they didn't call them sitcoms, but they used a way of telling a story that had certain exaggerations and use of certain themes. And he's using one of their own. Now, what principle is Paul making when he says, and I believe this is to be scripture, be not deceived. Evil communications corrupt good manners. What is it that he's the point he's making? Evil conversation, communion, friendship can be a bad influence on the lives and habits of men. Right. So there's a tremendous teaching and to learn about our private lives and and those that we associate with that if you uh if evil communion that communication there is evil fellowship a and affinity has the the will corrupt a good man. Yeah. And so Paul quotes this. He's not doing it to show off because he knows the classics or to show that he's uh uh knowledgeable in things that they like. But he does it to show an obvious truth. that if there is no resurrection, then live a h then then live as the Epicurans. And then he quotes one of their own, one that would be from their school. He does it to show an obvious truth that even they believed that you had to be careful what you read. They'd be careful what you fellowshipped around and what you hung out with. So just as he did with Heratus and Athens and Epimenities and Cree, it was to support the gospel. Bad company corrupts good character. That's a phrase that it's also translated to. And this statement, be not deceived. Bad company, evil communications corrupt good manners or bad company corrupts good character. Communion with the bad corrupts good character. It's also believed to be from Uripides. Uripides was also a ancient philosopher. I'm just looking here to see if I actually he was a Greek playwright in about 400 to 406 BC 480 to 406 BC profoundly influenced plays and drama even up to modern times. So he's one that maybe some of you if you studied theater or arts you would have come across. He's became a cornerstone of ancient uh literary education along with Homer and Manander. He was one of these main main guys and there are many known cases where manander quoted Uripides. So even though we see and read that manander in his drama theus quotes with the bad corrupts good character. It's possible that manander, you all are looking like a mule staring at a new gate. I don't know which philosopher said that, but it was my professor in law school who said it. I was like, I will say that for the rest of my life and he might have been talking about me. Who knows? But there's this concept or this idea that manander though he's credited with this and they could find this fragment that says it that he was probably quoting an earlier writer, an earlier play playright Uripides who said this. This is found on a fragment in one of his uh plays, his dramas. A companion who happens to be badly bred trains his companions to be like himself. While a good one makes them good. Come then young men and make sure you seek the company of honorable men. This is good. This is good teaching. So evil communications in one place another writer said evil communications says Uripides corrupts good manners. This is on another fragment, an ancient fragment. So when Paul is teaching on correcting the Corinthian church, uh as a matter of fact, I'm just going to spare you a lot of the details in this, but even Paul and how he's addressing the Corinthian church, he's drawing even from another play, the these symbolisms and these plays that was written by Manander that even in these first several chapters dealing with the sexual sin and the perversion within the church, he's using elements from their own sitcoms and And he's pointing certain things out. There's even one where in this one drama play, I'm not sparing you the details. How do you like this? You pulled it right out of me. Where the the the one who has suffered this great offense within his household says, "If not even something that I should name or speak of." And when Paul says it, it's ought not to even be named amongst the Gentiles. And to one who'd be there at Corinth, Manander wrote a lot of his plays were situated and based in Corenth. So this is this is just like somebody coming here to Arizona and talking about the Diamondbacks. or the Phoenix Suns or whatever else talking about Saros and and the Wild Wild West and Tombstone and quoting Wyatt Herp, we all be like, "Oh my goodness, who is this guy?" And so he takes us right in the middle of his sermon. He quotes Uripides. Now let's look at Acts 26 12-15. And this might seem to be a real hard left, but it connects together. You'll already see from here, this steals my thunder. But whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priest, Acts 26 12-15, at midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me, and them which journeyed with me. So here he is, the sun shining, this bright light as this brightness of the sun comes. And when we were fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me and saying in the Hebrew tongue. So he attributes the language that is used by Christ to be in the Hebrew tongue. Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. And I said, Who art thou Lord? Now Paul asked, Who are you, Elohim? Who are you, Jehovah? Who are you, Lord? He uses a language to suggest that this would be to a Jew, the Lord. He's not he's not uh he's not um Uripides. He's not a f he's not manander who had just appealed to some other Greek god or mythology. Who's the god of the sun and who's the god of this and who's the god of that? He says who art you lord and he says I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. Quite a event for this prophet the the messenger to the first age the one who's going to be so key to the gospel going to the Gentiles. But Jesus says, "It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks." To kick against the pricks is a direct quotation from a play by Uripides the Bakkey I think is how youak. Bakus Bakus is who we think about the god of wine I think is who he is. But in this particular play, it's a tragedy. He recounts the Greek myth of the king of thieves who persecutes the son of Zeus, Deionis. And in this play I want you to hear this is the son of god Deionis and this is what the play says. This is written in the 400 BC. Behold God's son is coming to this land of thieves even I Dionus. So this is the story begins with him coming to this foreign land as the son of God. And it describes him as this is the translation God's true son in fullness God. says, "Of him, the God of heaven is he, a born in majesty. Ye hath yet hath he mirth in the joy of the earth. He's the joy of the earth, and he loveth constantly her who brings increase, the feeder of children, peace." Now, if I didn't tell you I was reading from Greek mythology or this play by Uripides, you might have thought that that was a hymn we sing during Christmas time. But in this Greek tragedy, stick with me. Stay awake. Don't fade off now because if you do now, you're going to leave me out on a limb. Stay very close to this. In the story, the son of God, the son of Zeus comes and he's half man, half God. He comes and he disguises himself and he challenges this king of thieves who has been and he and he he's persecuted by him. So this son of Zeus comes and is persecuted and he says to this king in his discourse, it's better to yield him, this god prayer and sacrifice than kick against the pricks since these is God and thou but mortal. He tells this king, "It would be better for you to give praise and honor and worship the immortal one, you as a man, than to kick against it." Right. In Acts chapter 9:es 4 and 5, we read this. And he fell to the earth and heard a voice saying unto him, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" And he said, "Who art thou, Lord?" And the Lord said, "I am Jesus." I know you're very, very familiar with this telling. You're very familiar with what it means. Paul had been persecuting the church. And Jesus identifies himself with the church. He says, "I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. If I could put it this way, in Acts, Jesus exposes Paul as his persecutor, right? You are the one, you're the earthly one who's persecuting who you now realize is the Lord, the immortal one, the Messiah, and he's the one that's kicking against the pricks. in Uripides play the persecuted god is deionis and his persecutors that that king pianthus and what's interesting here is that the very this is what just in studying it some have noted that Jesus uses the same plural kick against the pricks that uripidities needed and used to match the traditional meter that he was using in his play like the poet we could quote something and We could quote uh the Psalm of Life and we might just change a little bit because we're just using it as an example, but Jesus uses it in the same plural form that Uripides did because he had to to make it fit his style. And Jesus is quoted in the even in the Hebrew tongue is repeating it. And in the drama, it's the son of Zeus who's being persecuted, who declares to the mortal king who's per doing the persecuting. It's hard to kick against the pricks. And now Jesus is quoting this. This is brother Aaron, still the same one you knew a month ago. That might be your point at which this is when things begin to change. Goes out of town for a little bit, comes back from Amsterdam. What was he doing at a coffee shop in Amsterdam? Right? He said this is very it's getting got really weird now but I'm still the same brother Aaron just stay with me and he now Jesus the son of God is the one being persecuted and he quotes a play from 400 BC in that playus is imprisoned by this earthly king and he breaks free destroys the palace by earthquake and at that time of this this releasing this so the the maids are calling who are you who are you and he says don't fear it's me and they say our god is in the house ye maids adore him so now if somebody ever singing he's in this house and we don't like them we could just say that's just a pagan mantra from a Greek tragedy Our God is in the house. You maids adore him. Adore him. Very interesting. In Acts chapter 16 verses 25 to 28. And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed and sang praises unto God and the prisoners heard them. Paul was bound in chains in a prison and suddenly there was a great earthquake so that the foundation of the prison were shaken. Immediately all the doors were open and everyone's bands were loosed. And the keep of the prison awake out of his sleep. and seeing the prison doors open. He drew out a sword and would have killed himself. Supposing the prisoners had been fled. But Paul cried out with a loud voice, "do thyself no harm, for we are all here." This very image that you see, maybe just purely by coincidence, very image that you see of this Greek tragedy. Now, life is unfolding in reality. And Paul is released from prison by a great earthquake. The one whom he said, "It pleased God to reveal himself in me." the one is going to be bringing the gospel himself be persecuted. And it begins with perhaps maybe to Paul having the Lord, the Messiah, quote to him a Greek tragedy. Now, I want to try to wrap this up in a way that'll make put us all at ease. If I could say it this way, there were many philosophers who seemed to be very close to the knowledge of God but yet were ignorant. There's even uh even a quote I think that was used in the homeschool group on their yearbook which was a quote a quote of Plato that said the end of life is to be like God. And we read that through our understanding but yet Plato was not a Christian could not have been a Christian. And so there was philosophies and there was desires and there was seeking and there was searching. It was in the heart of man to seek after truth and to know their maker and to make sense of life. But not all of them had the benefit of God revealing himself in using actually using prophets and making himself known. So until Christ, God had never made himself known to the Gentiles like he did to Israel. He was in nature and he could be known in the sense that there has to be something beyond ourselves. They could have sensed the divine. They wrote about it. They saw some sort of theme. They called it a numa, this power that existed within materials. And they had this idea of what that might have been. Then you had this knowledge and this truth. And there was all these different ideas that the Greeks are trying to use to explain the reason why they're on earth. Whereas the children of Abraham are like, I know why we're here. I know how this all happened. God created the heavens and the earth and then his son uh the wife the the woman sinned and then we've been cast out of the garden and this and they could trace it all the way back to Abraham. They had a pretty good idea and on the authority of the one true God why they were there and what they were living for and looking for. That's why the Gentiles lived in the vanity of their mind and their imaginations trying to figure it all out because they weren't given that understanding. Amen. But the time of the Exodus in Exodus 6:es 2 and 3 says, "And God spake unto Moses and said unto him, what was he?" "I am come down." He says, "I am the Lord. And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob by the name of God Almighty. But by my name Jehovah, was I not known to them." Very curious statement, especially if you find that that name was seemingly being used. But God is saying, he's making this point in the Exodus that I am the Lord, and I've made myself known to your fathers Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, as God Almighty, but now I want to reveal myself in a way that they have not known. Genesis 15:7 to Abraham, he said to him, I am the Lord. That means Jehovah the existing one. That's how he had beun to reveal himself to Abram. I am the the the Lord that brought you out of the Caldes to give this land to inherit it. Then where does it start? Genesis 1:1. In the beginning, God. Who art thou Lord? In the beginning, God. Elohim. Strong one. L All Allah. He's bound by an oath. Elohim. L Allah. This is the one in the very beginning. The use of the phrase Elohim. It puts God in relationship to mankind. He as the creator. He as the sustainer. He might have been embodied in a multiplicity of Greek gods. polytheism and and many different ideas of the sun and the moon and heat and fire and energy and all these things that people try to make sense of it all. But now you have one who in the beginning created it all. He's the creator of mankind in the world in the cosmos in all the stars and he's the one who's the sustainer and the provider of it says in Genesis 2:4 that it's in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens Lord Jehovah God Elohim Jehovah Elohim this self-existing one comes from that Adonai from Havah the God who becomes he wants to be expressed he wants to be made known let's just put it this way we would all been Greek Greek philosophers. If somehow we found ourselves with form and thought and God had never revealed himself or spoke whatsoever, we'd all be going, "What what does this mean? What does that mean?" We'd all be philosophers. We'd all be sophist. But he says, "I am the self-existing one. I am the Lord who reveals himself." Not just a God, not just a deity, but one that wants to become personal. The Greek spoke of their gods and wrote their plays as ways of explaining the history of the earth as a way of explaining the origin of their society and their civilization. They told these stories, but yet none of them have ever had seen these things or experienced these things. There was no god of Jupiter or of Saturn. There was no actual goddess. There all these mythological attributes that are attached to them. It's just their way of trying to say this is how we got here. This explains this happening. This explains that happening. Says in Genesis 17:1, "The Lord appeared to Abram." He said, "I am the Almighty God. Walk before me and be thou perfect. Unto Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, he was the name of God Almighty. I am the Almighty God." It says, "The Lord Jehovah appeared. He made himself known, caused himself to be seen, to be known by Abram, the Almighty God, El Shadai, the breasted God. He identifies himself as the strength giver. The one who nourishes. In other words, one who's intimate. Come, let me nourish you. In Genesis 12:7, it says the Lord appeared unto Abram. And it says he built an altar unto the Lord who appeared unto him. Abram before this is an idol worshipper. We see that in even in the book of Joshua. tells us descendants. He was from a a family of idol worshippers, a descendant of Shem. But now when he's worshiping idols, it's no different than Isus, no different than a uh any other Greek goddess or Greek mythology or god of the eastern or Buddha or any one of them. But when God makes himself known, Abram builds an altar to worship the God who revealed himself. That's what he said. We ought not to think of God as likened unto silver, stone, and gold fashioned by man's devices. Because to the Greeks, they believed that there was this numa. There was this power within gold and silver. There was some sort of energy. Be very careful what kind ofqi you're trying to seek to heal yourself. Because there's a mystical I thought of idea that well there's this this universal life force and it's it's just as much darkness as any of these other mythologies. There's one true God who is in all. There's one God who created all things. There's not some other life force or energy that we just need to tap into that just makes us all one. Right? You hear me? Just we're all in this together. He says, 'But by my name Jehovah was I not known to them.' What is he saying? At the time of the Exodus, there's now a fulfillment of God's promise. I'm going to reveal myself in a way that you didn't know me before. Everything that you've previously heard and believed in is formed your expectation, has given you things to believe. But now I want to reveal myself and it ought to click everything that I made myself known before as the almighty God. Now I'm going to show you in a way that I before wasn't known, but it's harmonious with this revelation of myself. Now God in the manifestation of Yahweh, now in the name of Jehovah, by the name of Jehovah was I not known. Now in this manifestation, he's going to fulfill the promise and the hope that the almighty God had given to their fathers. Think of the the philosophers who wrestled with these questions and the ideas. They became the father of civilization. They became the father of these religions and these thoughts. And these people had all these things in their mind. And God was saying, I it's not that they had no truth at all. But now I want to reveal myself in a way. I want to become the Lord God, not some mythology, not the unknown God. Because God's power had not been fully manifested. He had not fully manifested the promise and the covenant to them. But now he's going to do it. He says, "I was known this way, but now I'm going to be made known." I see a similar pattern in how that Paul is approaching the Gentiles. I see a similar pattern in how brother Brandham approached Leodysia. He preached the same gospel Paul preached. No wonder they called him a babbler. No wonder they accused him of being a plagiarizer and having nothing original. He had to follow the pattern. He had to do it. Maybe even against his better judgment. Maybe against what his wishes were. You might say, "Well, couldn't I just do this and can't I just run it through AI and completely change it to where it doesn't sound like anything and nobody could figure it out?" No, he did what he was called to do. And to the sophist, to the philosophers, to the debaters, to the arguers, he's just a babbler, a parasite, a plagiarizer, just like Paul. In John 1:1 it says, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God." We all know what that word is there. In the beginning, God was the logos. Some say logos, but I say logos just to be different. Lego my ego, tomato, tomato, whatever it is. In the beginning was the word was the logos. The concept or idea of logos was not something that was familiar. It's a Greek word, New Testament, written in Greek. This was not a word that's used in the Old Testament. It's not a thought or an idea that a Jew would have used. And as a matter of fact, a Jewish philosopher tried to take this idea of logos and marry it with Judaism. And it just kind of made it even worse and kind of an an entrapment to Christians. But the logos was a concept in Greek philosophy traced back to the 6th century BC. Heracletus, Heraclitus, I think the one that we mentioned in the beginning lived about the same time as the prophet Isaiah. He is known for coming up with this idea of the logos or logos. And he believed that the logos designated that rational structure or ordered composition of the world. He's like there's order, there's symmetry, there's laws and it must be some logos, some thought. And the Greeks thought the logos caused the order of the world that it was stabilizing and directing the principles of the universe. To Plato, he called it the idea of ideas. To the Stoics, it would have been this impersonal reason, this reason, this enlightenment that we're all trying to attain to. And if you go back to I'm going to try to sum up centuries of Greek philosophy. Uh, and I'm I'm going to try to do it in a way that gives honor to it or at least is is right. And I'm just trying my best to say this to really sum this up. In the beginning was the logos. To the philosophers and to the Greeks and to the Gentiles, they saw light as truth, right? And their philosophies revolved around these terms of light and darkness. Darkness was ignorance, a lack of knowledge, barbaric. That to come to truth was enlightenment. As we mentioned before, there was this process of coming out of darkness into light. Coming out of darkness and ignorance and you don't know and being taught and being skilled and being trained and coming to light. It's the Greeks, it's the philosophers that use the language of what we might say in the message, Peruia or Peruia or Fanner, Epiphania. The very words that we as believers, if I preached in a thunders meeting, I'd have said be seated. Be seated. Be seated. Why? because it's a language now that we associate with the gospel, the Peruseia of Christ, the Epiphany of Christ, the Phanto, the apocalypse, the revelation. Woo! And Bob, the Greeks over there going, "Yes, yes, yes. I heard that back in the day." Or is it George? Yeah, he's the one that makes the good Greek food. It's the very language of the philosophers. And so there is a criticism that is lodged against Paul. Paul, they say there's many that believe he hijacked the gospel of Christ. Christ came talking about the kingdom of God a and and the Messiah. And then Paul comes just saying, "Nope, it's about the it's about the uh the Lord Jesus Christ as savior and the church." And people like they they can't make it fit. So they just believe Paul was an antichrist. Hijacked the gospel, stole it away from the Jews, turned it into henistic uh theology and mysticism, and that's all it is is Greek mythology. rebranded. Plato's allegory of the cave in the Republic. It becomes like this basis for them trying to understand why you train, why you teach, why you why we try to use these, why we have the these methods of discovering things and discussing things and ethics. He describes all of mankind as being prisoners chained in a cave who are watching these figures flash on the wall and they mistake these shadows created by man-made fire for reality. The shadow is the truth of the reality. And in the allegory of the cave, he says only this painful ascent out of the cave into the sunlight reveals truth. Reveals true forms. He uses the idea of forms. So to all the Greeks kids taught in school and to the and think of how vast that empire was and how much it was assimilated into Roman theology and belief and talking. So this whole civilization, western civilization holds at its core through its education, its academics, its rationale, its daily thinking in the vanity of their mind, they have this philosophy that we're all living in a cave and we're living in darkness and we're beholding just forms from man-made light in that what we need to do is escape from the darkness to the sun and that seeing the sun will know true form in reality. And I say, well, what Paul did is he just took that allegory of the cave and he made it Christianity when the allegory of the cave was already prophesied in Isaiah. At the very time Heracitus is saying uh uh not Hercules if that helps you Heraclitus or Heracles or whatever it is as at the very time that he's forming these ideas of the logos and he's forming these ideas as we read earlier about evil communication or about you know let eat drink let's be merry when actually it's uh the beast of Ephesus rather and as he's forming these thoughts and he's forming these ideas at the very same time can't remember which it is but one is dying as the other one's coming on the scene Isaiah says in Isaiah 42 6 and 7, I the Lord have called thee in righteousness and will hold thy hand and will keep thee and give thee for a covenant of the people for a light of the Gentiles. Now, why would he be said to be a light for the Gentiles if the Gentiles already had light? Why would they need that light if the Gentiles themselves had already figured out that we're in a cave and only through rigorous training and discipline and education can we get out of that cave to see true forms? He said, "For a light to the Gentiles, to open the blind eyes, to bring out of the prisoner, bring out the prisoners from the prison and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house. H maybe they stole it from Moses. Maybe they stole it from Isaiah. Maybe they're the parasites. Regardless of how you might want to make it a battle and who wins this rap battle, listen, the truth is the very thing that the Gentiles accepted as truth and were experienced in reality, God had already pro prophesied the mystery of God was not a messiah to the Jews, but a husband to the Gentiles. You were going to be a light of the Gentiles. Why? Because they're in darkness. to bring the prisoner out of the cave, out of the man-made shadows into the sen light in Isaiah 49:6. And he said, "Brothers, you could come to your instruments." He said, "It is light. It is it is it is a light thing that thou shest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob and to restore the preserved of Israel. I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation under the end of the earth. So, it wasn't just Jews that would come to it. The Gentiles would come to the light. It's almost as if that prophecy, that election, that ordination, this I I may be getting the weeds here. Uh, Brother Ellie is here. If I go too far, just tackle me. But we know God watched out over our lineage. He's watched out over the seed that to bring you here as the elect of God. And we're Gentiles. We're not traced back to to Jews, right? We're Gentiles. Could it be our very election and our genes as it passed through Western civilization? Was the very thirst and hunger in the minds of Plato and Socrates? We're all very smart, so that doesn't stumble us at all. if it was coming from these great men. But this truth and reality that the sunlight would shine into the darkened soul of a gentile. And it's that very thing that created the crave and the question in their own hearts to say, "Are we but brute beast gathered in the darkness of a cave, guessing speculating at this movement by man-made light? But what we need to do is escape out of this prison house into the sunlight." And so while the the mystics and the philosophers are studying the logos, God is making himself known to a prophet and he's telling Isaiah that there I will be a light. There's going to be a Messiah. There's going to be a Christ who will be a light to the Gentiles. He'll bring him out of prison. It's going to be a salvation to the ends of the earth. Isaiah 60:3. And the Gentiles shall come to thy light and kings to the brightness of thy rising. No matter how close the mystics and philosophers got, Paul couldn't stay away from the truth that we were all in that cave. We were all in that prison house and the so light was shining and Paul was saying, "I know a way out." And he used a language that for those Greeks who thought that maybe they were in the light. And he said, "But you still worship him ignorantly, saying to the unknown God, how is it you can claim the benefit of true form when I can show you that you are still yet in darkness?" [Music] The Bible is true. And no matter how much they try to pick at it and pick at it, I have uh I have downloaded and read many but I'd say over a hundred different scholarly articles on the subject of the Greek classics and Greek literature and the Bible in the New Testament. And the more I read it, the more giddy I get to be standing on the solid rock of the revelation of Jesus Christ. And it should give us a little bit more courage with what we believe for us. You've got the answer to the devil's question to the point to where we can say, "I have the answer. Now, what's your question?" Right? We have the answer. The answer is Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. God, help us to accurately express that answer. The world is riddled. They're trying to figure it out. And no matter what theology or idea that someone has, I believe that God can give you light that can shine on their darkness and say the very thing that you're missing is what you'll find in Jesus Christ. Let's stand together. Just pray together this evening. Heavenly Father, as we close this service, I'm so appreciative of the the perseverance upon the people's part to listen, to reserve judgment. Lord, even as some have expressed that there's certainly subject matter and things that are addressed that could cause pause or maybe be triggering for some, but they've just been patient waiting on you for you to come and give that understanding. And Lord, I pray that we could recognize that this Bible is not just some something cobbled together by man. And it's a living powerful work of your art that you saw fit to write the story of the children of Israel and the story of the creation of the earth, the story of the Christian church in such a way to where every single individual elected of God could find their identity in it and it could speak to us and we could learn from it and grow from it. I pray Lord that it would continue to become a new book to us. Lord, I pray that this exercise for these last three services has not done anything to shake anyone's faith. That it has not done anything to unreasonably open the door into mysticism or fables or mythology. But I trust that if you have been gracious and even long-suffering and protective that what will reach the hearer's ears and what will be deposit in their hearts is this strong conviction that you will watch out over your word and that you will take the situation that we're in and use a language that we can understand to show us the way. I pray that you bless your people tonight for their longsuffering, for their patience as well. May they enjoy the remainder of their week as we commit ourselves to you. Thank you for these things, Lord, that we can look into. Thank you for the the grace that's given to be able to explore these these things. Lead me, Lord, as a minister to speak those things which are beneficial. as I take interest in their lives, Lord, may we find that that thought of God, that heart of God to encourage them, to nourish them, to meet them in the challenges that they're in day by day. We love you. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
