################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - Bro. Peter McFadden Declaring The Father - Peter McFadden.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-26
Title:    Bro. Peter McFadden: Declaring The Father
Speaker:  Peter McFadden
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-FyOGecQZE
========================================

Description:
Bro Peter McFadden: Declaring The Father
Wednesday Service: March 26, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I just want to be more like you. Let's stand and sing it again. I just want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel that you work through. I just want to be like you. Sing it again. Want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like me. I want to be a vessel that you work through. Want to be more like Oh, one more time. That's beautiful. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel that you work through. I want to be more like you. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Oh, take my hands, Lord, and my feet. Touch my heart, Lord, speak to me. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Oh, if you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Take my hands, Lord, and my feet. Touch my heart, Lord. speak through me. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use. One more time, make it a prayer. Oh, if you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Oh, if you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Take my hand, Lord, and my feet. Touch my heart, Lord. Speak through me. If you can use anything, Lord, you can use me. Amen. Let's look to him in a word of prayer this evening. Just want to remember the McGiri family homesick tonight. Brother Michael was homesick as well this evening. Seems to be a bug going around. So if you know of anyone, just hold them in your heart tonight as we approach his throne. If you have a need, just make it known by an uplifted hand. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we count it a privilege to be gathered tonight with your people, Father. Lord, we come expecting to hear from you this evening, Lord. But we're thankful for this opportunity, Lord Jesus, just to enter into worship, Lord, to just shed the worries of the day, Lord God, the stresses of the week, Father. Anything that would be hindering us from receiving what you have for us tonight, Lord, we just wash it away in worship now this evening, God. Father, we ask that you receive our praise from pure hearts, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just yield ourselves to you tonight, God. Asking that you have the preeminence in our midst, Father. Accomplish anything that you've purposed for your people tonight, Lord God, and we'll receive it. God, we ask a special blessing on the McGary household. Father, as they battle sickness, Father God, just not feeling well, we ask that you deliver a special touch to them tonight, Lord God. Just raise them up completely, restore them. We pray, Lord, for brother Micah. that just under the weather as well. We ask that you just go to his home, Lord Jesus, touch him completely. Deliver him in the way that only you can, Lord. Father, for those who couldn't be here tonight, Lord, whatever the barriers are, we ask that you just step in, show yourself mighty on their behalf. For every uplifted hand, Lord God, we know that you're the provider, Father. So, we just look to you expectantly this evening, Lord God. We lay it at your feet. We ask that you just bless each one in attendance tonight, God. Bless our brother as he brings the word. Lord, may you just speak through him. Be with the tithes and the offerings as they come forward. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Well, my heart was distressed Jehovah's dread frown. And low in the pit where my sins drag me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden day. Oh, and he brought me out of the mighty clay. And he sent my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here I'll abide. No danger of falling with I remain but stand by his grace until the crown I gave. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty grave. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a sun in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Well, he gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it sweeten notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Oh, and he brought me out of the mighty clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelu. And I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. And I'll sing of salvation and hope and abroad till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. peace in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, and he brought me out of the merry flame. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated this evening. The brothers want to go ahead and take up the tithes and offerings. Let's sing. There is a fountain. Their ears are found 10 filled with blood drawn from the manuals [Music] veers [Music] plunge the cloud. Who's their guilt to stand? Who's their guilty state? Who's all their guilty state? And sinners plunge beneath that flood pose all their guilty state. A dying thief rejoice to see that fountain tend his day. And then may I go as sh Show my sins away. And I over and he wash my sins away. Pers by faith I saw the stream life flow in supply redeeing love has been It shall be till it shall be till I die and shall be till I die. Redee me. Love has been my thing and shall be till I die. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. Oh, I'd better rather be his than every riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than a house sins or land. wide around their be by his death. and to be the king of a vast for me. for me. [Music] H straight [Music] swap Jesus than any world of thought to die. Oh, and I'd rather have Jesus than men of clothes. Why rather be faithful to him, dear God? And I'd rather have Jesus than a worldwide fame. Oh, I'd rather be true to his whole he than to be the king [Music] above me. or be held in sin dread sway. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today. Oh, he's fairer. The seas fer than the rare is blue. You sweeter than honey from the com. This sees all that my hungry spirit with me. Oh w hallelujah. Oh, and let him be to be the king of the [Music] vast and [Music] behold strength. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than anything worth a day. [Music] And all I want to see is [Music] Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. And all I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Sing it again. And all I want to see is J. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is [Music] Jesus shine. Amen. Let's stand and sing the first verse. Oh, I know the time is near, where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy come to me fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees lay before the holy consume me. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is [Music] Jesus [Music] shineing through me and hurt and self inflicted pain. And everything that I thought gave will lay before the holy unto me. Fire words and knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy. Consume me fire. But all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. And all I want to see is Jesus [Music] shining through me and [Music] hear my Just one. Well done. Well done. I pray for love. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. Amen. We're very blessed to have brother Peter McFaden here with us this evening to minister. So as we invite him to come, let's just sing, I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you. Oh, you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. Some midnight hour. If you should find, you're in a presence in your mind. Reach out and pray to find those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The only name that's worthy of praise and honor. He's the only great one among us. But if he's here, then we've not come in vain. I know you didn't come to see me. You didn't come to hear me. But we came to look to the promises of God. We came to gather in faith and and to believe that the Lord will meet us here. So let's let's just pray. Father, it's good to be with your people, Lord. the people that you've put your name in. And Lord, we don't have any goodness, any worthiness of ourselves to stand here. But Lord, we thank you for Calvary. We thank you for the blood that was shed. Lord, that when we were yet sinners, Lord, enemies of God, Lord, you've reconciled us to yourself through the death of your son. Father, help us to accept what you've purchased, Lord, that we could walk in faith, Lord, that you would draw us near to your side, Father. open your word to us, Lord. No man can open this book, but Lord, you can open it to us, Father. And I pray, Lord, that you would send your word once again, Lord, and heal us. We have much need of healing, Lord, in our bodies, in our minds, in our souls, Lord. We come from the battle, Lord, with the different aches and pains of the battle, but Lord, we see you've gone on before, and Lord, we're following in your footsteps, Lord. And we believe that by faith we will be victorious, Lord, through you that made us more than conquerors. Lord, bless the reading of your word. Move me aside, Lord. Seal these lips that they would say anything but your word. And I pray that you would anoint the ears of the hearer. Lord, that your word would go and accomplish that which you sent it to do. Lord, you said it would not return void. And Lord, that's the promise that we're coming and standing. Lord, we stand like David just believing Lord that what you have sent us to do, Lord, you'll also give us the way to do it. So, Lord, come and be here in a special way. I pray you bless Brother Aaron and his family, Lord, and those that are sick, Lord, and just minister to each one, Lord. You know my family, too. I pray you'd bless us and help us, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. While you're standing, let's go to the book of John, chapter 1, and verse 14. I know a lot of you, but I don't know all of you, but that's not so important. But, uh, my name is Peter McFaten, and I'm by faith one of those that's following after the Lord Jesus. And all my hope and trust is in him. And he has been so good to me. Amen. And uh it's only by his grace that I'm standing. Think of the the scripture says, "By this I know that you favor me, that my enemy doesn't triumph over me." And so if you're standing today, you're keeping the faith. You're you showed up to to serve the Lord. Something drawled you. Well, the Lord must favor you. He's kept you. He's keeping you. And he said he wouldn't lose a one of you. Amen. So that's what we're trusting in. And uh I thank brother Aaron for for this privilege to stand before you. I I I think really highly of of brother Aaron and I think you're really blessed and to to come and and u enjoy the ministry the Lord's given him. I I I look up to to brother Aaron very much and I just uh think very highly of him. Okay. John chapter 1 and verse 14 says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth." John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, "This is he of whom I spake. He that cometh after me is preferred before me, for he was before me. And of his fullness have all we received in grace for grace. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten son, which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him. I want to speak a few minutes on declaring the father and also while you're standing one more scripture if we turn to first John chapter 3 and verse 1 to 3. First John chapter 3 verse one says, "Behold what manner of love the father hath bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him. Amen. For we shall see him as he is. And every man that hath this hope in him purifith himself, even as he is pure. Amen. You may be seated. The thought behind this is related to why we're in town. I live in the cold, frozen land of Massachusetts. And I came here to Arizona for the funeral of a friend, Brother Dan Roberts, from Vale, Tucson area. And as I was thinking, uh, brother Dan passed away what we would say very young, um, in his 40s. He was 48. And thinking about his life, I was thinking about these these scriptures and and so this was all fresh on my heart from the funeral was last week in Tucson. And so this was what I've been pondering. And then uh talking to brother Aaron on Sunday, he said, "Well, do you have anything um to minister and this was still kind of burning on my heart and just believe that there's something in here for you. You know, we don't just come here to to preach and to make a good sermon, but the Lord knows each one that's here, each one that would be here. And I believe that if you'll just look to the Lord in faith, he can move me aside. He can speak his word to whatever you have need of. Amen. And uh we just thank the Lord that he's so good. Amen. But thinking here in in the book of John, I love the book of John, especially that first chapter because instead of diving right into, well, here was the the parents of Jesus, John takes a step back and he he gives you the big picture. In the beginning was the word and the word was made flesh. And and then he gets to here where he's talking about Jesus, the son of God. He's in the only begotten son. He's in the bosom of the father and he's declaring the father. And naturally, we see that all the time. any any one of us that's seen sons of a father, we can look at the sons and we can see attributes of the father and we can see naturally in in in the physical appearance. You can see the same uh physical attributes but then you can see the same characteristics. You can see the same ways of speaking and the same ways of walking and and we look like our fathers naturally. And just like uh Jesus said, every tree brings forth uh every tree is known of its fruit. And if you if you have an apple, you can tell about the apple tree. And and here in the natural way of um looking at things, we can see this principle that if you want to know about the father, you look at the son. And in the sun is the declaration of the father. And what we're looking to in the word of God is not just something far removed from everyday life and from the creation, but this book of the Bible, it explains the world all around us. Because this world also declares the Lord, declares the creator. This creation declares the creator. And uh David said, "The heavens declare the glory of the Lord." The firmament, all this, it declares the Lord. And so we see in this in this great um world that we're living in, this great creation that we're living in that God's doing something and he's demonstrating something. And we could see way back in the beginning, there was nothing. The earth was without form and void. And and God started moving. The spirit of God started moving on the face of the deep. And in that he was showing something about himself, showing little shadows of redemption, showing little shadows of of God taking something that's ugly and making it beautiful. That all these years later here, we'd be in a church and and we could see in our own lives the same thing that God did back there in Genesis. We took this shapeless void hunk of earth and now look we go out and in the springtime in Arizona we go and see things life coming up and we say wow the Lord has done this. The Lord can do something beautiful in my life if we just hold on in faith. And then we see God making the earth to show himself. and he made a little flower and and he made um some animals and this and that. And then finally we see the son of God walking on the earth. We see Adam and we see in Adam now the best picture that we have of God that we can look at Adam and and before we could kind of guess at how God was looking at the earth, looking at the animals, looking at the flowers, but then God didn't choose the heavens to preach the gospel or the the birds or the bees. But what he chose is man. And he had this perfect man that would show what God was like. And we know there was the fall there where sin came in. But all that was part of God's plan to show the attributes of himself in his son. And that we know that the in God was to be a healer and to show that he could heal us when we're sick. But we couldn't know sickness before the fall. in God was to be a savior, but we couldn't know salvation before the fall. So God allowed sin to come in and to poison things that he could show himself strong. That he could show that he's the one that comforts the brokenhearted. He's the one that binds up the wounds. He's the one that hears when we call when we feel so lonely. That he's God. He's a very present help in times of trouble. And so here we see part of the picture all the way back in Genesis is that for us to know the goodness of God, there had to be some darkness come in. And we see that in our own lives that we'd um we'd expect when we come to God that we everything would just be uh easy all the time. But still we see in in the hard times in the trials that that's where we really see the beauty of the scriptures. that you don't really appreciate an anchor when you're out with your boat and everything's looking great. The anchor is just a bunch of dead weight and uh who needs this? Where's where's the snorkel? Right? But then the storm comes. Then the time comes when your family could be down at the bottom of the sea. Then you're thankful for an anchor. Then you're thankful for a solid rock. Amen. So we thank the Lord for the trials that let us see that he is the unmovable rock. He's the one that like David said, "All my springs are in thee." World will tell you, it's very dangerous to put all your eggs in one basket. You got to diversify and get the whole put some in Bitcoin and put some over here. But David said, "All my springs are in thee. All my hope is in thee." You know, we've got one plan. The Christian has one plan. Yes, that's the Lord Jesus. That he'll get us out of here. Sure is dry here. Now that I'm not from Arizona, I can say that. So, we see Adam. Adam fall. The Lord allowed that. And then you see little glimpses of the nature of God through the prophets. You see in David the heart of God. You see in Moses the law of God. and different ones. You see little pictures here and there of God. The spirit would fall on a man and he would speak the word of God and then the spirit would lift and he'd go on sinning. He'd go on in darkness. His nature was still the fallen nature. We see that even now in a lot of a lot of people a lot of times the spirit can fall and and somebody can speak the word of God. But there's more than that. There's the Lord Jesus came to redeem us back to that perfection of Adam. That we could be like the Lord Jesus. And we don't want to put that far off. As as first it says in first John, now are we the sons of God. And that in this second Adam, this man Christ Jesus, in his death on the cross and his resurrection, that if we put our faith in him and we believe in him, we're restored back to that position of sunship, just like Adam had. And so if we are sons, then we will declare the father just like Jesus did in our lives. And and so we're doing a lot of different things here. And I I heard a story one time uh back in England when when the cathedral burnt down and Christopher Ren and them, they were rebuilding the cathedral and a lot of men working really hard to build this place. And he goes uh one of the men, he goes up, somebody's laying brick. Says, "What are you doing?" man says, "I'm laying brick." He spoke truly. That's what he was doing. He could see what was in front of him. He was doing what was right, but he wasn't too happy about it because laying brick is not all that fun. Gets kind of heavy. So, the man went and found another man. He said, "What are you doing?" The man was also doing the same thing. He was laying brick. This man says, "Well, I'm building a wall. That's a little better. Still true. Still what he's doing, but still not that great." He goes and finds a third man. He says, and this guy's doing the same thing. He says, "What are you doing?" And the third man says, "I'm building a cathedral to point people to God." You know, they're all doing the same thing. But if you understand what the bricks are for, it makes a big difference. If I go up to you and say, "What are you doing?" "Well, I'm uh providing for my family. I'm working a job, doing these things, trying not to lose my temper, trying not to have road rage." You know, we're doing a lot of things and we could speak them truly. say, "I'm just keeping my head above water." No, we have got to have a better confession than that. But if we could step back and see God's doing something in our lives. He's not a God that vainely just, well, I think I'll have some kids. I'll just scatter some kids around and won't this be fun. Won't this be interesting? That's not how God is. God is very particular. He has a plan for each and every one of us. And though we can get forgotten in this world and we can see him invisible, there's a God that knows the very hairs on your head. He said not a sparrow falls to the ground, but he knows about it. So don't think for a minute that he's not mindful of you. He knows what he's doing. And in you, if you're a son of God, if you've believed on the Lord Jesus Christ, the word said, as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. So here we've got a really um a good way of telling is this for us? Is this first John says now are we the sons of God? But who's that? Is that just talking about brother Aaron or brother Michael or Mitch? Brother Mitch. I say Mitch because he's he's my good friend. But if you want to know are you one of those? Are you a son of God? The Bible says as many as are led by the spirit of God. So, if we can believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, if we can accept what he's done for us on Calvary, and if we can surrender, and so here I'm kind of skipping through all the notes, but if we can let go, if we can yield, if we can be led by his spirit, that shows that we're sons. And if we're sons, we're hes joint hes with Christ. Amen. And we declare the image of the father. Even in our failings and our hair that sticks up and our our sinful nature and our bad thoughts and all these things, even in this, we're declaring the father. were showing the world just like Adam walking on the world and pe and now there is a picture of God. Well, that's the sons of God today. That's the sons of God now. So, when somebody comes up to you says, "What are you doing?" Maybe not with your words, but with your life. Your life will say, "There is a God. He's a savior. He's a healer. He's good all the time. His word is true. He's faithful. A lot of preachers can get up and say that, but our lives will say that. And our hearts will say that. Amen. Jesus said, "If you've seen me, you've seen the father." And if we are really following what Jesus said, if we really will by faith be one of his disciples, if we'll take up our cross daily and we'll follow after him, then we'll be part of that same ministry. And that when Jesus was here on on the earth, you know, he was the long awaited Messiah. all this time waiting waiting for this declaration of God. Finally, he's here. He's in the temple. Most people didn't recognize him, but Anna was there. Simeon, they caught it. He's here. The angel saying, "He's here. What now? What now?" There's a long period of time where it doesn't seem like anything's happening. We know Jesus had a short ministry at the end of his life about 30 to 33. So there's about 30 years where he's the Messiah. He's the one that's declaring God. Nobody's writing books about him. There's a little miracle here. There's some really nice wedding a well-watered wedding. Um, but there's nothing written about that time. That's okay. That's part of the plan that even though he was the Messiah, he was the perfect one, he was declaring God, the way that he was declaring God for 90% of his life was that he was learning obedience by the things that he suffered. That he was just showing that a real son is obedient. that a real son looks in faith to the father. He wasn't even showing the miracles that came that came at the end. So let's not get weary in welloing. Hold on to the end. You can read this book and there are great exceeding great and powerful promises. They are true. I don't see all of them yet. I don't see all of them in my life yet. But the Bible says, "He that endures to the end, he will be saved." And I believe that the whole creation is groaning together for the manifestation of the sons of God. That there's a time coming that we're going to see prophecy being fulfilled and all these things. And we've seen so much more than people have seen throughout the ages. I mean to know of the life of the Lord Jesus and to know of the ministry even the ministry of brother Brandham and and these things we're so privileged to have seen so much and that in our midst has has walked the people whose eyes have seen feet being made and eyes being made and we get a little impatient sometimes because I've never seen some of these things in my own life yet. But if we just look at the example of Jesus life and we can see much of his life was a quiet time. I believe there are things going on there that we'll understand maybe later. But be patient. Just hold on. Don't get ahead of God. Abraham, he had a promise of God. He wasn't seeing it coming. And so he tried to force it. He tried to naturally he said, "Okay." Sarah said, "Take my handmaidaiden. Try to help God along." God doesn't need our help that way. God just needs us to hold to his promises. He'll bring it to pass in his own time, in his own way. He'll interpret it, too. It's okay if we don't understand everything right now. Right now, we can see through a glass darkly. We can say, "Lord, show me. Open it to me." But we don't have to understand. We just have to believe that there's this period of time that we're just showing the the the planting season and we will reap. And even in Jesus's life, the triumph of his life was right at the end. And and we think when we think of the death of Christ, we think of on the cross. That's what everybody saw was him lifted up. He said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to me." And everyone saw. But we know that when he actually laid down his life, when he actually died was before that in Gethsemane, right? So the greatest triumph of Jesus life when he triumphed over death, hell, and the grave. He took the the punishment for sin. But where that really happened, I mean, we know he was slain before the foundation of the world. But where he really died was in Gethsemane. Everybody left him. The disciples left him. He was all alone. The disciples were sleeping. And that's when he proved that he had the nature of Christ. Because the nature of Christ, the the true nature of Christ is the love of God. There's a lot of things that God shows in Christ. But what he's showing most of all is the love of God that he would lay down his life for us. That he would give himself a ransom for many. And in Christ, we see this. And and where he made that decision was in Gethsemane all by himself. and the triumphs in our life. I believe there's going to be miracles. I believe there's going to be things that the world sees. They're going to say, "That's a Christian. That's a follower of Christ. That that's a declaration of God." Well, we only get there if we go through Gethsemane. We only get there if there's a dying in our our private prayer closet. And what you are on the inside comes out when you're alone. That's how you see what somebody really is. And if you want to know what your character is, watch how you are when nobody's looking. And if you say, "Oh, I'm I'm ashamed of myself." Well, Lord, help us. Righteous man falls many times. He rises again. There's grace for that. There's mercy new every morning. And if the devil's caught you up in sin and he's made you ashamed, just bring it to the foot of the cross. Come, let us reason together. Though your sins were as scarlet, I'll make them white as snow. There's now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. But don't hide from me. Don't just go on pretending like everything's okay and show up to church. We can all show up to church and lie to everybody and say everything's fine, but if in your heart you know there's things that you need the Lord to deal with, just bring them to Calvary. Bring them to the Lord. Say, "Lord, I can't do this. Lord, there's Goliath in my life. I need you to set me free from this." If we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Not just to forgive us our sins. That would be good. Said if it said if we confess our sins, he'll forgive us. But it said he'd cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If the son sets us free, we're free indeed. We don't have to live in bondage to these different things. You know, every gun in hell is trained on you. You're here. You're standing by faith. You're looking to the cross. Well, the devil doesn't like that. He's going to point every gun at you. He's going to try to take you down. But greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. He's already overcome if we'll follow in his footsteps. Goes through Gethsemane. Those footsteps lead through Gethsemane. Those footsteps. They lead to the cross, but they also walk out of the grave. And I've got a lot of scriptures. I don't think we're we're going to get to all of them, but if we are partakers in his sufferings, if we share in his death, we'll also share in his resurrection. If we can be obedient like he was obedient to the death of the flesh, then we'll rise with him in newness of life. We'll rise here. We'll we'll do great things in this life, I believe. But we'll be with him. He's gone to prepare a place for us. And he said, "Eye has not seen, nor ear has heard, nor has it entered into the heart of man. What God has prepared for them that love him." Don't miss it, friend. It's for you. The devil will tell you, "No, it's for the others. It's not for you." He said, "Whosoever will." Amen. It's for you. If you'll take it, if you'll say, "That's for me." I believe it. It's yours. The spirit of God is brooding even now. I know he's here. I I know he's here. He's dealing with hearts. And if you'll just reach out in faith to him, he can change you tonight. You don't have to wait years and years and try to crawl up perfection. But our perfection is in Christ. and just a touch from him. If we can just reach out in faith and touch the hem of his garment, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. Find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's that brass serpent that was lifted up in the wilderness. That there was great sickness in the land. And those that looked on him looked, they were made whole. They were healed. Most of this isn't in my notes, but I believe the Lord knows where you're at and what you have need of. And every promise in the book is is ours if we'll take it. By these promises, we can be partakers of the divine nature. We can have that very nature of Christ. And in any situation, that life of Christ will be victorious. In your situation, the life of Christ will be victorious. And so you say, well, you don't know what I have to to go and face tomorrow. I'm behind on work and kids are, you know, all these things. The wife, the husband, whatever it is, in your shoes, the Lord Jesus Christ can overcome. He can help you to turn the other cheek. He can help you to give that soft answer that turns away wrath. He can help you to show to your loved ones it's time to get in the ark of safety. Amen. Amen. He's still in the fire and he's walking in the flames. Amen. Though it's getting hot all around us, the devil says, "Oh, they're about to cook. They're about to pop like popcorn." But no, the Lord's with us. He said he'd never leave us nor forsake us. Be with us, even in us till the end. Amen. Amen. It's getting hot. But inside of us, what he's put inside of us is the incorruptible seed. And heaven and earth will pass away. Everything you see here is temporal. It's all made of atoms. It's all chemistry stuff. It's all going to be gone. But the word of God is eternal. It's forever. and that incorruptible seed that's inside of you, nothing can crush it, nothing can pop it, nothing can take it away. That's yours to keep. So, don't be discouraged. Don't get all down and disheartened. I love this scripture. It's in I think it's Isaiah 42. talking about this man Christ Jesus says, "Behold my servant whom I uphold." And as as we read these words, think of the Lord Jesus. But then if you're one that's led of the spirit of God, if you're a son, you're a daughter of God, realize that you're in here, too. Yes. And when it talks about the nature of Christ, and when it talks about all the different things of Christ, if you are Christ's, you can be identified in these scriptures, too. So when it says, "Behold my servant whom I uphold." We know that's talking about the Lord Jesus. But if you're his servant, if you're the one that cleans the toilets here, he'll hold you up. He doesn't hold up one and hold the other. God's no respector of persons. That's right. But he respects faith. He respects the one that'll take hold of the promises of God, not let go. Behold, my servant whom I uphold my elect, in whom my soul delightth. You know the Lord delights in you. That you're the apple of his eye. That he loves you. Don't let the devil take that away from you. Say, "No, you've gone too far. You've sinned too much." When God looks at you through the blood of Christ, he sees the perfection of Christ. And though we feel so unworthy, so dirty, in Christ, we are the one whose God's soul delights. I have put my spirit upon him. He shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles. He shall not cry nor lift up nor cause his voice to be heard in the street. Have you seen that nature in a Christian? There a lot of people in the world, they do something nice. They got to go and boast and make it known and post it everywhere. But I was thinking, I know a lot of people. I've been privileged to know a lot of people that when they do good things, the right hand doesn't know what the left hand's doing. They're declaring the father. Even though they're carrying around a dead man, even though they're born in sin, they're not virgin born people. But they're being changed by this word. Amen. That they're coming, they're conforming into this image of the father. They're not loud and boastful, but they do good quietly, and the Lord sees them. Now, here's where we're going. A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall not quench quench. He shall bring forth judgment unto truth. He shall not fail nor be discouraged till he have set judgment in the earth and the aisles shall wait for his law. It says talking about Christ, he won't fail and he won't even be discouraged. Amen. So we take discouragement as inevitable that you get to get to se get to Sunday or get to Wednesday you get your courage all charged up then Monday Thursday come along and boy I'm discouraged where has my courage gone I was ready for the devil and then everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face. Is that what the quote is? But though on the outside we can get discouraged. We can look around say, "Oh, how is this going to work? How's God going to do it?" But on the inside, that incorruptible seed doesn't even get discouraged. It's that anchor that holds. No matter what's going on, things go up and down and this way and that way and everything's going sideways and winds of doctrine and unbelievers and hypocrites and inside of your soul. It's not even discouraged. It's not even shooken. Amen. You just got to look to the Lord Jesus. Don't get caught up with the outside. Just stay anchored in Christ. He'll carry you through. Amen. He is good. See if I can get back on my notes anywhere. But do you love the Lord Jesus? Amen. So Jesus finally came. He's finally on the earth. The disciples, you know, they lived through the the quiet times, but then he came and ministered. He died. He rose again. Now, if you're the disciples, now is the time. It's going to get good, right? He conquered sin, death, hell, and the grave. He's here. He's perfect. He's sinless. But he told them, "I'm going away." What? We've been waiting so long. We've been waiting and waiting. You going to leave us? But in in the time when the father goes away, that's when you see if the son is really a true son. That's when you really see the attributes of a son. Just like I was talking about who you are when you're alone. Well, that's what Christ did to the disciples. He trained them up and he leaves them. But what he put inside them was able to overcome to change the world. And we see this pattern all through the Bible that you've got Moses and Joshua. if Moses could just stay around and help us set up the the promised land. But Moses is gone. It's on Joshua and he's shaken. He has to be told time and again, "Fear not. Fear not." We see the Hebrew children. It'd be nice if the Hebrew children had their rabbis and their parents and and the committee and and the church with them. They're all alone. And even, you know, in this last day, brother Brandon, it would be nice if he could have been an old man on a porch. We could go and ask him all these things. The Lord did what he needed to do and he takes him off the scene. And a lot of times in our lives, we see, we want to look to man to be able to put our confidence in man. That's not God's way of doing things. He'll use man to preach to you, to show God to you, to reveal the person of Jesus Christ to you. And then one way or another, by death or by discouragement or this or that, a lot of times he'll take that influence away. That you can fix your eyes on Jesus. And any man of God, they don't point to themselves, but they point you to the cross. They make sure that you've met the Lord Jesus. And that once you and the Lord Jesus have met, there's no mediator in between. There's no intercessor. There's one. Christ Jesus is between God and man. And there's no other man in the relationship there. But it's you and God. And it's those times in your prayer closets, and the trials of your life, in the Gethsemane that you go through, that's when your faith is proved. But what he's put in you, that incorruptible seed, when you've received his word, it'll do the same thing in you that it did in the Lord Jesus. And though he cried, though drops of blood were coming, his flesh wanted to run, but he said, "Not my will, thine be done." And in our in our own lives, though we say, "No way. I quit. I I give up." Then there's a still small voice that says, "Father, glorify thy name. I didn't come here for my own edification or glory. I came to do your will. Whatever that is, whatever you want to show the world in my life, Father, glorify your name." Amen. Jesus said, "He that believes on me, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water." That Jesus is the water of life, the everpresent water from the rock. Now that's in you. He's the light of the world. You're the light of the world. He's the bread from heaven. Well, the bread was broken and multiplied. Amen. that man is every day. So now when somebody needs to see Jesus in the flesh, they can't just go over to Palestine and go over to the Holy Land. I guess got to be careful what I call it over there. It's very political nomenclature now. Go over to Israel there. Now if they want to see Jesus in the flesh, the Lord will bring them by your way. If they want to get a love letter from the Lord Jesus, they don't get a letter from Paul necessarily, but they they have you show up. That your written epistles read of all men. You're the light of the world. You're the one that God has put on a hill that everyone can see you. And we're fools for Christ. We show, you know, we go and try to do something good and we trip over ourselves. That's part of it. The Lord didn't say that our flesh would glory in his presence. He said the opposite. He said no flesh would glory in his presence. But even so, where do you want me, Lord? Where can I do? What else is there to live for? What else is there to do but what we've received to give it freely? What we've been told in the private to go tell it to the world, to go demonstrate it. Jesus is the firstborn among many brethren. He's bringing many sons to glory. He's given unto us the ministry of reconciliation. That the life you give, the ministry that you have, maybe it's never behind a pulpit, but you have a ministry. If you're part of Christ, he's a minister. And so, if you're part of him, you have a ministry. And what that ministry is is not a ministry of condemnation. Okay, I'm part of Christ and I get to go and where's those Pharisees at? I'm going to go and tell them they're wrong. That's a small part of it. But the ministry of Christ is the ministry of reconciliation. And our hearts, our lives ought to scream, "Be reconciled to God. Come to Jesus. Come and receive of his spirit. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He doesn't withhold any good thing from his own. Amen. That's what he's speaking in our lives. That's what we're declaring in our lives. And sometimes we're just putting brick on top of brick. What are you doing? I'm I'm just laying brick. But together, we're building a holy habitation. We're building a living temple. You're living stones that not one of us has everything uh that the world needs, but together we are the body of Christ. We're his hands and his feet. We can minister in in a way that he he didn't have a ministry when he was here. He said, "The works that I do shall you do also, greater than these shall you do." We know that's more that we have the same heart, we demonstrate the same life, but now there's not the Holy Ghost in in one body, but there's the Holy Ghost here and there and all throughout the world. God is moving by his spirit, moving throughout all the earth. Move, O Lord, and me. Amen. We're ambassadors for Christ. He said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." See, there's a tendency to try to to water down Christianity and and make it lukewarm, but don't give an inch up. You hold on to every promise of God in my name. They shall cast out devils. That's yours. If you need that, that's yours. If if you go out of here and you meet the devil, say, "Oh, that'll never happen." There's a lot of devils out there. Be ready. But if you go out of here and you meet the devil in my name, they shall cast out devils. Who? They that believe. Is that anybody like that here? Demons tremble. When the weakest sinner falls to their knees, we have the power in the name of Jesus. They shall speak with new tongues. I believe that that's still for us. They shall take up serpents. If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not harm them, hurt them, they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. So after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up on heaven and sat down in the right hand of God, and they went forth and they preached everywhere. That's what we're going to do. Okay? When we leave here, we're going to go and get some sleep, maybe some burritos. Um we're going to go preaching. We're going to go proclaiming the good news everywhere. The Lord working with them. It's not just us. He didn't just say, "Okay, disciples, go on." But he said, "I'll send you the comfort. I'll be with you even in you." He's working with us. We can't do anything without him. If we're not abiding in him, if we're not drawing strength from the vine, though we be children of God, without him, we can do nothing. Yes, sir. We've got to be in him. But he when they did that, when they preached everywhere, the Lord worked with them. Says, "And confirming the word with signs following." If this is the word of God, and if we'll just take it, we won't mix man's ideas into it, but we'll just take it. Say, "Yes, Lord, be it unto me according to your word." He will confirm it in his own way, in his own time. Yes. He'll bring it to pass. Whoop the devil with it. Amen. But we've got to not just go and say, "Okay, I think, you know, read a couple scriptures. Okay, I think I'm one of the sons of God." But what we do has to be according to this book. It has to be in line with this word. And our lives have to be in line with the life of Jesus Christ. If we say, "Okay, I've received. I'm led of the spirit. I've received." And then we go out and our life is not like his life. Something's wrong. We've missed it somewhere. But if we look at the attitude of Jesus Christ, the way that he was, he was the Lord, the perfect one. And he said, "The Son can do nothing in himself." But what he sees the father do, he wasn't puffed up. He wasn't proud. He wasn't showy. He said, "Father, whatever I see you do, that's what I'm going to do." That's how we got to be. He didn't even speak his own. He said, "I do nothing of myself, but as the Father hath taught me, I speak these things. Not my will, but thine be done." We've got to come to that same place. And he was perfect. He was born without sin. But now the Lord's going to do what he did in Christ in us, though we're born in sin. Isn't that amazing? Do you believe he can do it in you? Amen. We've got to speak good things. If we want to speak the word of God, don't speak the bad things. A fountain doesn't bring forth salt water and fresh. Don't get caught up in this trap of speaking the devil's language, but just let your confession be positive. Yay and amen. Amen. We've got this hidden behind badger skins in our in our flesh. But let's let's read uh I've been let's uh let's bring this to a close and let's read 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and we'll read starting from verse 7 Corinthians 4 and verse 7 says but we have this treasure is it a treasure to you is the word of God is the Holy Ghost a treasure to you. The world doesn't think anything of it. But we've seen the pearl of great price. You've got to sell everything to get it. Treasure. We have this treasure in earth and vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. We are troubled on every side. You ever feel like that? It's all around me. Well, that makes aiming easy. You just hold the trigger. We're troubled on every side, yet not distressed. We are perplexed. Some of us live that one, but not in despair. Persecuted, but not forsaken. Cast down, but not destroyed. You cannot be lost. always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Christ might be made manifest in our body. Amen. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh, that this flesh can declare God. So then death workketh in us, but life in you. We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken. We also believe and therefore speak, knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you. For all things are for your sakes, and that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redown to the glory of God. For this cause we faint not, though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, for the things which are not seen are eternal. Amen. Don't be weary if you don't see it yet. As we've borne the image of the earthly, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly. And what we'll see is a lot of times we we look at these things about declaring the father and we look at it all about us. We say, "Okay, I've got to do this and I want to declare the father." And Jesus was not that way. He wasn't looking at himself. He was looking at God and he was looking at the ones he loved. He said, "I do this for their sakes." He said, "He sanctified himself for their sakes, for our sakes." Said that they may be with me where I am. And if you'll follow in the footsteps of Christ, if you lay your life down, you will see the word of God change the people around you. And I I've got loved ones that I I want to know the Lord. I want them to see Jesus. And if me yielding to the spirit of God will give them a glimpse of Jesus, it'll all be worth it. That that was the spirit of that was in Christ that he was always laying down his life for his friends. Greater love has no man than this. And that he lays down his life for for his friends. That was in Christ. That love of God. and then passed it on to Peter. Said, "If you love me, feed my sheep." And Peter, he he had the Holy Ghost right at the beginning of Acts. He could have gone and got on a cruise boat somewhere and just hung out for a while, but the rest of his life, it was the life of Jesus. Same with Paul. Same with all the apostles. They could have just gone and worked on their 401k, but no, they were whipped. They were scored. They were beaten. They were driven about. Their lives were terrible by our estimations. But if they're planted in that, if they're planted in the death of Christ, they'll rise in the resurrection of Christ. Amen. For if we've been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection. If ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. Amen. Maybe the musicians would would come. Let let's just stand and pray. If you have a need, just lift it up by faith to the Lord. He's here. I know he's here in his word. He's here in his people. And he knows what you have need of. And maybe you came in a little discouraged in the flesh. But I hope you've seen that in your spirit, you don't have to be discouraged in your soul. That there is an anchor that holds. So while we're in this atmosphere of faith, while we're with Christians, while there's angels all around here, just reach out to the Lord. And if you need forgiveness, if you need healing, whatever you have need of, just don't rush to go go away here. But there this is a special time. There's no time like the present. And none of us is guaranteed tomorrow. We could go from here and be gone. But now, while the Lord is here, if you need something from him, just reach out and and touch him by faith. [Music] If you've never been born again, you can be born again today. If you never believed on him with all your heart, you can believe on him with all your heart today. He loves you. He's calling you. Come, my son, my daughter. I know you. I made you. I formed you for a purpose. Your life is to de declare my [Music] glory. Hear his words speaking to you. He gave himself for you. He loves you. Let's all pray. Lord Jesus, we believe your word. And still, Lord, help our unbelief. Father, we don't even know how to pray, but your spirit makes intercession for us, Lord, with groanings that can't be uttered. And we don't even have to have the right words. But Lord, if we can call out to you from our soul, know that you can come and touch us, Lord. Open our eyes, Father. Purify our hearts, Lord. We know that we can't even see your kingdom except be born again. [Music] Father, the hour is late and you're coming soon. And Lord, we don't want to be left here. We don't want to partake in the judgment that's going to be poured out on this earth, Lord. But we want to be hidden in you, Lord. We want to trust and rest under the shadow of your wings, Lord. Father, we thank you. Please bless everyone here, Lord. those that couldn't make it, those that wanted to be here, Lord. Your arms not short that you can't say. You can reach each one of us, Lord. And I don't pray as being anything or above anyone, Lord. Help me. Help my family, Lord. Help us to be sincere, Lord. Help us to do nothing but what we see you doing, Lord. Help us to speak nothing but what we know you would speak through us, Lord. Help us to be so in love with your word, Lord, that everything else would fall away. That the cares of this life that would choke that life out of us, Lord, that we could surrender them to you, Lord. You're the chain breaker, Lord. You set the captive free. You heal the sick, Lord. You raise the dead. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. And we believe in you. Lord, we receive your spirit now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we worship you and Lord, we believe that every promise in this book is true. Lord, be it unto us according to your word. Glorify your name, Lord. Though it be to our embarrassment, Lord, to our shame, be lifted up, Lord. Draw your own to you, Father. Let our lives declare your image, Father. Let us be true to your word that we wouldn't go and make false images, false Christ. But Lord, let it be line upon line and precept upon precept. Lord, come and confirm it with signs following. Lord, we love you. Thank you, Father God. Bless your name in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. It's been a real p privilege and pleasure to be with you. I'm going to turn it over to brother Michael and sing all to Jesus. All to Jesus I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily. Oh, I surrender to God. All to thee my blessed Savior I sder all oh and all to Jesus I surrender. Tender humbly at his feet. I bow. Those worldly pleasures all forsaken. Take me Jesus. Take me now. Oh, I surrender to Lord. I surrender to God. All to thee my blessed savior I surrender all. Open door to Jesus I surrender. Oh, make it a prayer tonight. Hallelujah. Holy thine. Just let me feel the holy spirit. Truly know that power. I surrender. Oh. Oh. I surrender. Oh. Oh. To thee my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Amen. Were you blessed by the word this evening? Amen. Let's go to key of Athens. And in my life Lord be glorified. Oh be [Music] glorriied in my life. Lord be glorified today. Sing that again. Oh, in my life Lord be glorified. be [Music] glorified in my life. Lord, you glorify today in my heart. Open my heart. Lord be glorified. Oh be glorified in my heart, Lord. Lord be glorified today in your church and in your church Lord be glorified. Oh, be [Music] glorified in your church. Lord, be glorified today in my life. One more time. moving in in my life. Lord, be love. Yes, Lord. Be [Music] glorified in my life, Lord. be glorified today. Amen. God bless you all. You're dismissed this evening. Oh, it is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word. us to rest upon his promise and to know the said the Lord Jesus. Jesus, how I trust him, how I prove him more. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood and in sin. faith to plunge me. Le cleansing flood. Oh Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I prove him more and more. Oh Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace.
