################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-12 - Plan  Possess  Plant - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-12
Title:   Plan * Possess * Plant
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksOtlcZXk8I
========================================

Description:
Plan * Possess * Plant
Sunday Service: October 12, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Proverbs chapter 31:E1 16. We know this is speaking about a virtuous woman. Here in my Bible, the heading is a virtuous woman cares for her family. And it says in verse 16, she considerth a field and buyth it. With the fruit of her hand she planteth a vineyard. Just a short reading. Let's just read it again. She considerth a field and buyth it. With the fruit of her hand, she planteth a vineyard. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Our heavenly father, as we have this opportunity today to be in service, we consider it to be a great privilege. We ask Lord that as you've been with us in the song service and you've been with us in our hearts, as we've lifted up our hands and lifted up our voice, we ask that you come now through the word and speak to our hearts and give us those things that we have need of that it might uh enrich us, Lord, that it might just strengthen us and encourage us. We commit ourselves to you now, Lord. bless this word which we have read from your Bible and make it alive to us by revelation as we commit all things to you in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; You could be seated. My title is uh taken from verse 16 here as it says she considers a field and buyth it and then plants a vineyard. My title is plan possess plant. So use of alliteration there is my son Preston might say repetitive there to use those P's but to plan possess and plant and taking it directly from this scripture. If you could turn to Exodus chapter 31. I want to jump into this subject today by looking at an example in scripture in Exodus chapter 31:es 1-1. And it's speaking of Bezale and it says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses saying, see, I have called by name Bezale, the son of Yuri, the son of the tribe of Judah." So God knows him, calls him by name, and says this about him. And I have filled him with the spirit of God in wisdom and in understanding and in knowledge and in all manner of workmanship. And so we're going to be reading about the chief artisan in the building of the tabernacle and even the building of the ark of the covenant. We'll look in some of these verses, these next several verses, and see that he was a highly gifted craftsman. And not only has the Lord uh filled him with wisdom and understanding and knowledge, but he has this gift in all manner of workmanship. So he was an artist. He's very creative. He was highly gifted. And as we'll read, you can see that he could engrave precious metals and even work with stones and wood. And so he was a master artist. And it says that to devise cunning works, to work in gold and in silver and in brass, and in cutting of stones, and to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship. And I, behold, I have given with him Aholab, the son of Amish, of the tribe of Dan. And in the hearts of all that are wisehearted, I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee. God had given Moses a commandment, given him a vision in heaven, and he had a an image in heaven of what the tabernacle should look like. And he's going to be building this tabernacle on earth. And Moses has the word. He has the blueprint. He has the plans. But God has now called by name others who are gifted to be able to bring that vision to pass to work in all manner of workmanship, and that they may make all that I commanded thee. So, there was kind of like the boots on the ground. They were going to be the ones actually making it. The tabernacle of the congregation and the ark of the testimony and the mercy seat that is there upon in all the furniture of the tabernacle. Moses knew what it was to look like. Bezile and those helping him were going to bring uh this vision to pass. and the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense, and the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the labor and his foot, and the clothes of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons to minister in the priest's office, and the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place. And all of you who subscribe to do terara young living you find your place in the scripture that bezel and holab they were gifted with these essential oils. It says in the sweet incense for the holy place according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do. So notice how not only was Bezel gifted, but he also had these um artists or these apprentices working under him and that he instructed them also in these things so that they could bring to pass the prophet's message or his vision. It reads this way in Exodus 35 30-35 very similar. And Moses said unto the children of Israel, now that God has spoke to Moses, Moses speaks openly and he affirms these gifts. And he's not afraid uh to say that God has gifted other men and and done these things to bring this word to pass. He says, "See the Lord hath called by name Bezale, the son of Yuri, the son of the tribe of Judah. And he hath filled him with the spirit of God in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and all manner of workmanship." So he's being very faithful uh to what God has said and to devise curious works to work in gold and in silver and in brass and the cutting of stones to set them in carving of wood to make any manner of cunning work. And he hath put in his heart that he may teach. So notice when he had filled him with the spirit of God and wisdom, understanding and knowledge uh that was so that he could teach this uh according to this talent that he had to work in all manner of workmanship as an artisan with wood and stone and precious metals. Now he's put in his heart to teach both he and Holab the son of Asamak of the tribe of Dan. them hath he filled with wisdom of heart to work all manner of work. of the engraver and the cunning workman and the embroiderer in blue and in purple and scarlet and fine linen of the weaver even of them that do any work and of those that devise cunning work as we've been speaking on God giving us talents or giving us gifts and these gifts laying in us from God a God a God-given ability was gifted and called by God to employ his talents in this incredible work of building the tabernacle and not just building the substructure or laying the foundation. But you could see it covered everything from the furniture to the ark of the testimony to the garments to the oils. He was going to do all these things and kind of be like this chief artisan, this uh chief overseer of the building of the tabernacle. Holab also was gifted and called. And so God puts it in the heart of Bezale to teach and to help Aholab and all these other embroiderers and these other ones that the scriptures speak of to cultivate and to use their talents. And instead of spending a lot of time on bezel and holab and this work that they undertook in Exodus and some of these other places to build these things, I want to use this at the outset. They are examples to us of our duty to the God-given talents, abilities, and opportunities that he has given us. &gt;&gt; That God has ordained us. He puts the spirit of God in us, and it gives us wisdom and understanding and knowledge. And we might say, "Well, I'm not good at working with precious stones, and I'm not good working with that." But whatever gift he's given you, he's placed it in your heart. And he has given you uh he wants you to employ that talent with skill. &gt;&gt; He wants you to use these God-given opportunities and gifts that he's given us. In 1 Corinthians 4:es 1 and 2, it says, "Let a man so account of us as the ministers of Christ." As Paul said that what are we but ministers? uh he and Apollos that God has sent to minister to the church and that one would plant and one would water but it's God that works in all to bring forth fruit. So he says as ministers of Christ we are stewards of the mysteries of God. I apologize today if we don't have some more details on our slides as we typically do. Uh I'll just say ran out of time. And so the stewards of the mysteries of God and being stewards that means the mysteries have been committed to him. It's not Paul's mysteries but committed to him for safekeeping to watch out over to use appropriately. So it says moreover it is required in stewards that a man be found faithful. So we could use this as an example that we are to be faithful to the things God gives us. When God's given you a revelation, you need to be faithful to them. &gt;&gt; You need to be faithful to the things that he shows you. If he's given you a gift or a talent or ability or an opportunity, be faithful to that opportunity. Don't squander it. Don't belittle it. Don't look past. Don't look over it or look beneath it. But be faithful to the things that God commits to you. We are stewards. You are a steward of the mysteries of God as they're revealed to you. You're a steward of that salvation that God has given you. You're a steward over the You might might not want to think of it this way or don't think of it this way, but you're a steward over that gift of the Holy Ghost that's placed in your heart. In Ecclesiastes 3:1, we've been focusing quite a bit on this verse in the last couple services. He hath made everything beautiful in his time. We could say of the tabernacle in the ark of the testimony that it was made beautiful in its time. And God had called Bezale to bring to pass the vision that Moses had from God. And it took time to do that. But that is the work of the Lord. As he works on us as clay, as he worked in the earth to bring forth creation, he makes everything beautiful in his time. And then this statement also he hath set the world in their heart. We looked at how some translations rendered this. He has planted eternity in your heart. God has planted an eternal treasure deep inside of you. You are a steward over that treasure. &gt;&gt; You are a steward over these gifts that God gives you. Some are more gifted than others and some have might seem to be more visible callings, but your gift is just as important as anybody else's. and nobody else can take your place in the body of Christ. And so you you have a stewardship over what God has placed inside of you. &gt;&gt; God has planted eternity in your heart. &gt;&gt; So in Proverbs chapter 31 verse 16, it says she, speaking of this virtuous woman, this virtuous woman is an example of a daughter of God. She is an example or the image of the bride and she's a lesson for all of us. This virtuous woman teaches us things that whether you be a a man or a woman, it's an example of a daughter of God. Uh it is a she's in the image of the bride of Christ and she's a lesson for all of us. Says she considerth a field and buyth it with the fruit of her hands. She planteth a vineyard. When it says that she considers a field, she devises, she plans, she fixes her mind uh upon this field for careful examination. She's not just it's not just she sees it and she buys it, but she sees it, she considers it, she meditates upon this opportunity. And it says she buys the field. The the phrasing that's used, it could be that she purchases it or she receives it or acquires it, but it suggests that she takes possession. She sees the field. She considers it. She meditates on it, but now she's taking ownership over it. She holds it to care over it. And it says she plants a vineyard in that field. She sets seeds in that field to grow. She's making investments in that field. It's from these phrases that I get these words plan, possess, plant. That we ought to ourselves plan as she considers the field. You ought to look at the field. Meditate on these fields. Think about them. Plan in your mind. Look at this field before you and think about what can you can do with it. What opportunities it provides you. And there's many different fields. In John 4:35, Jesus says, "Lift up your eyes and look on the fields." He's telling them there while you say, "We got four months to the harvest." He says, "Look now. They're white now for harvest." &gt;&gt; So there's different fields that you could think about. The scriptures are a field. Your heart is a field. Your home is a field. Your children are a field. This church is is a field. There's your your where you work, your neighborhoods. There's fields that are set before us. And we ought to give thought to those fields that are before us. &gt;&gt; And not just think about them, lest us all we do is think. But we must also possess those fields. &gt;&gt; When I say plan, I'm talking about meditating, considering, thinking about these opportunities. But then also when we say she buys this field, I'm using this phrase possess. In other words, we're going to assume responsibility over them. Take some ownership. Uh and and in doing so, we're going to assume responsibility, take ownership, and then thereby exercise control that I'm not just going to have this attitude, well, whatever happens happens. There's nothing I can do to stop it. That could be our attitude towards the world today. It's so dark out there. It's so black. It's so awful. there's nothing we can do. But that's simply not true. &gt;&gt; I had a brother ask me here recently about uh in about homeschooling and and I know in some churches a lot of people homeschool and other churches maybe nobody homeschools and this church doesn't have any particular doctrine as it relates to that every individual should do that uh according to their own leadership in their own family in their own home. And one brother was asking me well what's the what's the point of homeschooling or what's the reason for doing it? And the question was, are schools so bad now that if you send your kids to school, are you are you just setting them up for failure? And I in our fellowship, I just made the point that I don't believe if you send your kids to public school, you're giving them over to the devil. But they are going to be in the world and around worldly influences and worldly things. It may be inappropriate teaching, but what you do at home, &gt;&gt; to take ownership of that vessel, to take ownership of that field is enough to protect them when you send them out into school, into the workforce, when you tell them to run out and go do an errand and go buy this or they're around extended family. Because the devil's not just in the public school system. &gt;&gt; I went to private school. I found that the the temptations and the peer pressure were worse in a Christian private school than in public school. So charter school, private school, even in home school, sometimes you have the worst classmates, right? So sometime you're not able to get away from evil influences and and and ill temperaments. But the time that your parent you spend with your children as a field, you can protect them. As we saw in the scripture, you build up the hedges. you you you keep things out. You take care take care over the and so then not only did she consider the field and then buy it and take ownership, but it said she planted. And so we're to plan, possess, and then plant in these fields. That means there's an investment of your time and your resources. You're not just thinking about it. And it's not just a one-time transaction, but you're then investing. And part of this planting is to take the right seed and sew it into the ground. and not just say, "Wow, we sowed the seed." But then also, you must give it that goodly nurture &gt;&gt; to raise our children in the admonition of the Lord. There's a godly nurture that we're to give our children. &gt;&gt; And I found it very edifying to me to say that with the fruit of her hands, she planted a vineyard. The fruit there is the produce of the ground. It speaks of progeny or children of fruit of the womb. But it's the fruit of her hands. this from the that which she already had, the profit that she had, the thing she had already received, she sold that back into the earth. So, we're we're not trying to borrow to invest. God's given you something. God's giving things into your hand. He's given you opportunity. He's given you gifts. He's given you the Holy Spirit. He's given you the word. You can sew that back into these fields. &gt;&gt; You can dig into these fields. You can explore these fields. You can try to get something out. She took the fruit of her hands and she planted a vineyard. In Exodus 4:es 1:3, when Moses is standing before the Lord, he tries to offer up some excuses as to why he doesn't think he'll be able to be an effective servant. And he says, "But behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice, for they will say, the Lord hath not appeared unto thee." So, he's has an excuse, a built-in excuse. And the Lord said unto him, "What is that in thine hand?" And he said, "A rod." And I thought of the scripture when I was looking at these things last week. How that sometimes we offer these excuses. Well, Lord, what can I do? How how can I protect this? And how can I grow that? Or how can I make a best of this opportunity? God probably says, "What have I already given you? What have I already placed in your hand? What opportunities have you already been given? What gifts do you already have at your disposal?" He says, "What is in your hand?" He said, "A rod." And he said, "Cast it on the ground." We've been given opportunities. We give gifts and seeds and things in her own hand. As she took the fruit of her hand and she swed it into the earth, he says, "Cast on the ground." And he cast on the ground and it became a serpent. And Moses fled from before. I know there's more to this story how he begins to pick it up. But God is showing himself with him. And brother Badam even uses this. What is that in thy hand? God's placed something in your hand. Use it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I just don't know. The forces in the world today are too great." You've got the sword of the word. &gt;&gt; That's more powerful. You got prayer and committ. You got all these different things at your disposal. We ought to use them. These things that we have, sew them into the field. &gt;&gt; Without the proper planning and possessing and planting, we risk becoming unfruitful. &gt;&gt; And maybe that's the worst, but maybe the most catastrophic would be just our lives full of other things. Right. &gt;&gt; It's one statement I read one time. You want to know how to keep the uh the the the weeds out of the bushels? Pack them full of wheat. And that's one thing you could try to do instead of trying to always worry about uh uh what's be what else is being sown. So good seed and care for that seed. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, your your garden become full of weeds. &gt;&gt; Proverbs chapter 24, we're going to be read verses 30 to 34, but we'll just skip a couple things in there here. This is the observation that is made. I went by the fields of the slothful and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding. These could be one and the same, but I like the way that he breaks it out. The field of the lazy, the sluggish, or the vineyard of the owner that lacks understanding. So the lazy can own a field. The unwise can own a vineyard. So I went by the field of the slothful. I went by the vineyard of one void of understanding. Proverbs 21:2 says, "The desire of the slothful killth him, the fleshly desires, the wants of the flesh." How the wandering of desire uh it leads astray. It's vanity and vexation. So the sloth desire of the slothful killth him for his hands refuse to labor. He has a field but he won't labor in that field. He has dreams, imaginations and dreams. Oh, this is such a awesome field. There's so much that could be done, but he never acts to take advantage of it. Proverbs 12 11, he that tillth his land shall be satisfied with bread. There's your labor. You have a field. You have an opportunity. Maybe you didn't buy that field, but you've received it. Now, till it, dig about it, sow the right seed. He that tills his land shall be satisfied with bread. Notice the different points at which uh that references. Tilling is in the beginning, eating's at the very end. &gt;&gt; You till a field to sew the seed. And there's a long time between that and the time that that harvested grain actually becomes bread. &gt;&gt; So it's showing there must be labor, this exerting, this planting, this possessing and planting. He that tillth the land, he that does those things will be satisfied with bread. But he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding. So you can see how the scriptures in Proverbs, if you read the book and you read in these other places, you read, "Well, I went to the field of the slothful, you can see, well, the desire of the slothful kills him because he doesn't labor." So you could already begin to guess what that field looks like. He went by the vineyard of the man void of understanding. Well, a man who's void of understanding follows vain people, &gt;&gt; vain examples, empty, void promises, useless with no no substance. But he that tills the land, he'll enjoy bread. So I went by the field of the slothful and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding. Verse 31. And lo, it was all grown over with thorns and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down. Remember how God said that when he had his vineyard, he hedged it. He got all the rocks out of it. He swed the right seed. He built the tower. He put laborers in there. And so we see the wall is broke down. It's grown over with thorns and nettles and covers the face thereof. Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it and received instruction. Could this be part of what that virtuous woman does? She may look at a field and say, "Oh, the wall is broken down. It's covered with nettles and thorns and it's all grown over and it's it it's unfruitful." But the more you look at it, you can see there was potential here. &gt;&gt; There was an opportunity here here. But the walls been torn down. Thorns have overcome whatever was growing in it that could have been fruitful. The nettles have covered the face thereof. So he looked, he considered and received instruction. And he could devise deduce that yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. That just even sounds I mean just fleshly. Kind of sounds nice, doesn't it? Just little, you could just imagine it, right? Just a little folding of the hands to sleep. Don't get too comfortable, but let's just He says, "But so shall thy poverty come as as one that travaleth traveleth and thy want as an armed man." Suddenly, just a little recreation, just a little enjoyment. You know, there's even sometimes just let kids be kids. Well, that that just becomes just let teenagers be teenagers. Well, just they're just a they're just a young soul, right? And before you know it, they're 50 years old like little kids. So, there's a there's an idea. Well, just let let them be. Let them be. Well, just a little folding of the hands, just a little sleep, but then poverty comes suddenly. It arrives eventually and it takes you by force. the want as an armed man. In other words, you're seized by it. He, "Oh, no. I need bread." And this is what the this observer learns in the field of the slothful, in the vineyard of the man void of understanding that he let his fleshly desires kill him because he refused to labor. He didn't till his land. He pursued vanity. Is void of understanding. a field which had walls built about it and ground that could obviously produce life because thorns and nettles found enough substance to live. It did not provide him what he needed in that time of want. Proverbs 6 to 11 says, "Go to the ant, thou sluggard." Anybody ever had that quoted to you? Go to the ant, thou slugger. Didn't you notice it doesn't say, "Go to the go to the ant, thou sluggard. consider her ways and be wise. Which having no guide, overseer, a ruler, provideth her meat in the summer, and gatherth their food in the harvest, laboring for the next season in the opportunities that the current season provides. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You can look at a field and say, "Oh man, that field is just brown. There's nothing growing in it. It's covered up with snow or water. That is a worthless field." Said, "Well, what season is it? &gt;&gt; What time of year? What season have we found it in? You provide your meat in the summer. You gather food in the harvest. And he says, "How long will thou sleep, oh sluggard? When wil thou arise out of thy sleep?" Why? Because just a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. And it again it says, "Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. So shall thy poverty come as one that travelth and thy want as an armed man." the Bible using repetition, repeating to us these things so that we recognize there's the wants of the flesh. And do you realize just as much as it's needy for the flesh to rest that if you rest inappropriately or too much, then you're not going to be able to meet the other needs of the flesh of eating &gt;&gt; actually takes some wisdom to look at the needs of the flesh. And I could say this about individuals or within families and boys and girls and teenagers that they have certain natural desires and things that they want to do and say, "Oh, well, this is let them have fun and this affords us. This affords us an opportunity to enjoy this and those things are fine." But without moderation and wisdom that you can say, well, we're doing this, we're doing this, but then you forgot to do this and this is just as important naturally. &gt;&gt; This is just as necessary. a lot of things that you could say, well, you know, this should be okay and that should be okay. And I may be just using some real general phrases, but I think it's important for us as parents to think about it ourselves and make direct and specific application. We have to think about these things. Plan, consider. Proverbs chapter 13:4, the soul of the slugard desireth and hath nothing. has a lot of wants, has a lot of desires, but doesn't have the wisdom or the activity to satisfy that desire. But it says, "But the soul of the diligent shall be made fat." What's the diligence? One that plans, one that's willing to invest, take possession. And diligence must be given to those things which are before us. You have an opportunity. I think one thing that we express to our children and even we express to young people and I think it's wise for us to repeat this as parents. We're in a different season of life than our children &gt;&gt; and we should be impressing upon uh our children and and single people. This is a particular season that gives you opportunities. It's the season before you to do as the ant does to gather food and the harvest for the next season that's coming. And therefore, we must give diligence to the things that are immediately before us and within our power. &gt;&gt; There may be a lot of things that are not within your power. And for some reason, I think we concern ourselves more often with what other people are doing, right? Can you believe that person? They're yawning in church, right? Who else yawned? If you didn't yawn, you're a narcissist according to non-narcissistic people, right? There there's a a tension that we can fixate on other things. The ant having no ruler, no guide or overseer knows what they need to do and they do it. &gt;&gt; Reminds me of the uh the phrase the early bird gets the worm. And so the father was instructing instructing his son. He says, "Son, the early bird gets the worm." And he said, "Well, what about the worm who was early?" And the father said he was coming home late. And so there's a lesson there. You don't want to use the worm as your example. You may be getting eaten by the bird, but you want to take your you want to be active in those things which are before you. The Song of Solomon chapter 1 verse 6, it's uh kind of jumping right in the middle of this. And the Song of Solomon is one of those books that's really tricky to read because you have different speakers in it. But he says, "Look not upon me because I am black. Because the son hath looked upon me and that black there is kind of just weathered. My mother's children were angrith me. They made me the keeper of the vineyards, but my own vineyard have I not kept." Think of what's happened here where they've been active. They've been laboring. They've been working. There's a lot of things that they've done. And so because of it, they're weary. They're they're they're worn. They've been affected by the elements. They're out there laboring and working. But the phrase, "My own vineyard have I not kept?" I use this because we may be busy and we might be planting, possessing, and planting, but are you even in your right the right field? &gt;&gt; Are you even laboring for those things which are yours? Those things which are your possession? I I'm working. I'm busy. I'm keeping. I'm keeping. I'm keeping. But what are you keeping up with? &gt;&gt; Cuz the the the observer here says, "My own vineyard have I not kept? I may look like I'm working. I may be weary and I may be struggling and striving and I'm very very busy, but are you busy with the things that matter?" In 2 Thessalonians 3:1 it says, "For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busy bodies." That interesting. They're walking disorderly. And how are they disorderly? They don't work. &gt;&gt; They're not laboring. And the phrase here, busy bodies, we might think that has just to do with maybe their talking, but it just means they they kind of bustle about uselessly. It's a useless hustle. They busy oneself about needless things or useless matters. That's not even speaking about busy bodies in other people's matters, but they're just busy with useless things. We hear there are some that walk disorderly. like, "Oh, tell me what are they doing that's disorderly?" They're they're busy with things that don't produce fruit. &gt;&gt; They're busy with things that don't feed, that don't edify. They don't labor and work fruitfully. He says, "They're not working at all, but are busy bodies. They may not be lazy and slothful uh and other things, but they're not laboring in things that are fruitful." &gt;&gt; Peter does address it in the other sense. 1 Peter chapter 4:15. But let none of you suffer as a murderer or as a thief or as an evildoer or as a busy body in other men's matters. That means a medddler in other people's affairs. Just as the one said, "I keep vineyards and I'm in everybody else's field and I'm working and laboring in everybody else's field, but my own vineyard have I not kept." Let it not be said of you that you're busy in other people's business, even willingly, even sincerely, and maybe not with a tongue or just a meddal, but you're busy helping everyone else, but you're not helping those that matter most to you, &gt;&gt; the things that are most pertinent and relevant to you. I remember one time we were I might have mentioned this before, but for a number of years we were able to bring a group of brothers to the men's meeting in Tennessee that Brother Barry Coffee host and Hickory Bible Tabernacle and for a number of years were able to do it and we got to where we would we would rent a van and a dozen brothers would go off to these meetings and we did it for a few years and then one year one brother said, "I have things at home I have to take care of, so I'm not going to go." And he was apologetic. I said, "This just proves the meetings work." And another brother had a wife who was pregnant, didn't have a job, and had two little ones under the age of two or something like that, and financially couldn't afford. He's like, "Man, I can't wait to go to these meetings." And it's like, I don't know if they're helping, right? Because there's a time and a season. It's like, I've benefited from this. I I I've grown up now. I can work with those things. I have resources to address the needs in my own family and and in my life. And I'm not trying to for the pretense and for vanity do all these other things. I think we should take a moment to consider this verse as it speaks of a busy body being one who is a meddler in other people's affairs. I want you to notice your company if you're this a murderer, a thief, an evildoer are all on par with the busy body. And so those who meddle in other people's matters are included with murderers, thieves, and evildoers. Just something to think about. In Mark chapter 4, Jesus is given the parable of the seeds that are sown and some went by the wayside and found some found stony ground and others found ground with weeds and thorns growing up. It said that that ground in verse 19 wherein the seeds were sewn into good ground, but there was other things that grew and choked out the word. It says the cares of this world and the deceitfulness of riches and the lust of other things entering in choke the word and it becometh unfruitful. We must be given diligence. The soul of the diligent shall be made fat. Oh, I wish sometimes the natural, the spiritual type the natural more often. So easy to eat poorly and get fat naturally. But you can't eat spiritually poorly and get grow this soul fat like this. Some of you tried your you got a spiritual eating disorder. And there's a there's an unhealthy way that we're looking out after the things to where our own vineyard, the field that God's given you, the one that you ought to consider, you're not working and in laboring in. And what will happen? Cares of this world, deceitfulness of riches, and lust of other things choke the word. And it says, "And it becometh unfruitful." The danger of not being diligent is that it's either overgrown with weeds that choke out the word, but at the end of the day, the result is not just the weeds, but your lives are not fruitful. So, we must give attention. This is just a very simple, straightforward uh service this morning. I even took out a number of scriptures uh uh from my notes at the last minute just because I didn't want to get venture into some other areas. But attention must be given to the field and that that possession and planting in it. As we look at these being a busy body, busy with things that are useless or don't matter, we can say, well, what fields are you laboring in? What fields do you spend your most time in in terms of planting? What you plant matters, but also when and how you do it matters. What you sow determines what will come up. When you sow determines when it'll come up. How you sow determines how you're going to reap. In Deuteronomy 22:9 says, "Thou shalt not sew thy vineyard with diverse seeds." It's two kinds of this mixture. We know according to the scripture that this mixing of seeds is forbidden. It's even tied to the original sin. Lest the fruit of thy seed which thou hast sown and the fruit of thy vineyard be defiled, unholy or desecrated. It even speaks of being burned. So say that there is a lack of wisdoms. The Bible says the vineyard of the man void of understanding and behold it was growing up with thorns and nettles and it was covered over the it was just completely covered over. There could be this lack of wisdom in planting where you plant this and you plant that but there's been no thought given to uh the mixture of seed that you're sewing together such that healthy plants aren't able to survive. Here it speaks of vines intertwining or mingling even according to the law. In doing so it' make it unlawful or even unfit to use. So, we have to give care as to how much seed we're sewing, how we're sewing it, when we're sewing it, and just the diversity of things we're sewing. Can say this over and over again. If we sew constantly to the flesh, don't be surprised when all you get is fleshly results. &gt;&gt; There ha there must be a sewing to the spirit. In Ecclesiastes 11:4, he that observeth the wind shall not sow, and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap. We could take from Deuteronomy 22, well, I don't want to mix seeds. I don't want to mix seeds. And and but you have to sew. You have to plant. Just give care to what you're planting. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Aaron, does that mean we should never go to a ball game? Does it mean we should never do this or never do that? Well, you need to answer according to your own convictions and how God leads you within your family. And you better obey the Lord in terms of the token and what you feed on. But you must be sewing the word. &gt;&gt; If all you binge on are things of the world and the word's not being sown, then then that's that's just a an influx of weeds. &gt;&gt; There's ways that things can compete for nutrients and resources and times. We have to plan, consider, but we don't want to be so cautious as to not sow. He that deserveth the wind shall not sow. He that regardeth the cloud shall not reap. I always say do not wait to plant good seed. Can't get caught up just waiting for the perfect conditions or just the right time. Well, a better time, a better time. I remember in our in our family when we had just the real young ones and after Ellie was born and Preston was born and you know, devotions to me reading your Bible and praying uh had a certain kind of tenor to it. You read your Bible, you prayed, you looked at things, and you flipped through the concordance and and and it was very it was kind of straightforward. A and then you have a one-year-old who won't sit still. And when the seventh seal was open, there was sound of Hey, listen. Can't you be quiet for 30 seconds? The seals are opening, right? We're gonna listen to spoken words of original seed tonight. That's why we started at four o'clock. Hey, sit still. And you and you could be so uh legalistic and so harsh. You say, "Oh, well, they're so young. Ah, devotions are a waste of time." No. Uh-uh. &gt;&gt; Meet them where they are. &gt;&gt; Right. I I I still remember to this day one of the most life-changing moments I've ever experienced was when brother Mike Walls was doing a devotion at one of those men's meetings and he said, "When you do de do devotions with your family, when you have those little ones and you get down to pray, what's the first thing that happens when you get on your knees and you have a toddler? They jump on your back." Every time we went to pray family devotion, boom, one of the kids was on my back. And he said, "Just let them crawl all over you. Let them get up and down." said the important thing is that you're just taking that time around the things of God &gt;&gt; and that'll make an impact and in that moment it changed my life. I believe it made changes in my family's life because then I realized just find a way to enjoy it for the 5 10 15 minutes and then it got to where my kids would never let a night go by without doing devotions because they wanted that we found a way to make it exciting and engaging and we we let them crawl all over us and we did certain activities. The point is don't wait for a better time. &gt;&gt; He's always absorbing the times and always watching the wind. Well, it's too windy today to sew. They're too young to do this or it's not a good time. That's never not a good time to sew good seed. &gt;&gt; And then also, he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap. In other words, do not delay in harvesting good fruit. Jesus said, "Lift up your eyes and look at the fields." We can't get caught just waiting for just the right time. Seow good seed. &gt;&gt; Right? And I if I could in express it this way, the external conditions should not determine your confidence in God's promise. &gt;&gt; You look at how dark the world is. With how dark the world is and how evil this world is and how hard the world is, you can say, "Well, the seed don't work or the seed won't work." And that's just simply not true. &gt;&gt; The word will work. &gt;&gt; The effort is worth it. That's right. &gt;&gt; The labor will not be in vain. No matter how hard it looks, how bad it looks, how dark it is. Don't look at all the external conditions. Certainly, don't even look at it in your own children's hearts and lives. Well, they're just too stubborn or they don't do this and they don't do that. Don't look at the external conditions to determine your confidence in God's promises and his process. &gt;&gt; Keep believing that if you plant and you water and you plant and you set the right example, better is the side of the ice. Better is your example of diligence in sewing good seed &gt;&gt; than the wondering of their desire. &gt;&gt; The Bible says in 2 Corinthians chapter 9 verse 6, "But this I say, he which seweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly." And he which seweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully. Notice these scriptures deal with what you sow, when you sow, and how you reap. If you sow sparingly, you're going to reap sparingly. This works for good and bad. &gt;&gt; The world might call it karma, right? You get your comeuppant. Something happens. It's like, man, you asked for that. And if we sow sparingly, we're going to reap sparingly. But if we sow bountifully, we'll reap also bountifully. And this works because God is not mocked. Whatsoever you sow, you reap. And if you're going to sow to bad things, you're going to get bad things out of life. So Galatians 6:9 says, "And let us not be weary and welloing." That's sowing the right things, planting the right things. It said, "For in due season we shall reap if we faint not." If we do not loosen or relax our faith in sewing the right seed, if we don't do not loosen or relax in that tilling the ground knowing that one day we'll be satisfied with bread. &gt;&gt; When you're tilling the ground, you're not eating bread. When you're tilling the soil and planting the seeds, you're not enjoying the harvest. You but you know that if I stay faithful to this process of planting and possessing and planting them, one day I will enjoy the fruits of this. And for those of you who weren't here, I think maybe it was Wednesday night, we emphasize in the scripture how it's a right of the one who labors in the field. Even if it's not their field and their seed, it is your right to enjoy the fruits of that labor. &gt;&gt; If we don't slack in our faith, we will reap. In Hosea chapter 8 verse 7, it says, "For they have sown the wind and they shall reap the whirlwind." Le let's just uh consider this field for a moment. They've swn the wind that you say how do you sew the wind? They sowed the wind and reaped a whirlwind and that's kind of a more turbulent result. You sow the wind, you reap a whirlwind. You're getting back what you sowed but troubled. &gt;&gt; But then it describes it this way. It hath no stock. The bud shall yield no meal. If so be it yield, the stranger shall swallow it up. It's a very curious statement. For they have sown the wind. But you think of it this way. Wind lacks substance. And it's the sewing to the things that don't edify. Sewing to the things that aren't going to bring forth the kind of life that you can benefit from. It's a minding of those things that are they seem only useless. So they might even if I could say it this way to you. It might just seem uh not not recreational but useless. Well, it doesn't matter. It's trivial. But it's not trivial. You sow to the wind. It's trivial. But you reap the whirlwind. It becomes what? was what you thought was harmless becomes harmful because it feeds the wrong thing. &gt;&gt; You feed emptiness, you're only going to get more emptiness. &gt;&gt; You feed vanity, you're only going to get more vanity. And it says if it yields, strangers shall swallow it up. To me, that tells me that it feeds the wrong thing. &gt;&gt; It feeds a worldly hunger. Brother Bam says, "Why do you crave and why do you thirst?" He said there's a holy thirst placed inside of you that God is wanting to quench that only the mystery of God can satisfy. But he says you let so many things of the world beat it out of you. &gt;&gt; In other words, you feed so many of these empty emotions and these empty things to the point to where that's all you crave. &gt;&gt; That's what doom scrolling is. that that's what all these things we feed on insatiably and you find yourself drawn back to it and you find yourself seeking that that that killer dopamine cycle because you feed yourself those snippets those clips those those things that entertain that part of the mind and the body and so the body it's yielding a desire and the world is eating that up &gt;&gt; and you just stay right in the cycle of that you say well how do I how do I break that cycle feed the right thing &gt;&gt; make make a bold decision to cast off those things and wake up and say, "I I I I I want to start feeding the right thing. &gt;&gt; You're sewing to the wind and you're reaping that whirlwind." Oh, just a little scroll, a little folding of the hands, &gt;&gt; and next thing you know, you're in a stuper. In Job 4:8, even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity and sow wickedness, reap the same. You sow to the flesh, you'll reap of the flesh corruption. You plow iniquity, you sow wickedness, what are you going to get? Iniquity and wickedness. You may not instinctively think this, but there's a tremendous amount of grace that's ministered in that scripture. there's so much iniquity and wickedness in my life. Well, that's what you've been sewing. &gt;&gt; So, that means you have power over the yield &gt;&gt; in your own families, in your children, in your own life. Then you can say, "Wait, I have power over this." &gt;&gt; I can't just be saying, "Oh, well, the devil did this and the devil did La Deia." I mean, don't we all want to just keep blaming Obama? or even more recently Biden and one day we'll be able to blame Gavin Newsome and but at a certain point I just want to be able to say no no I need to take ownership &gt;&gt; of my vineyard &gt;&gt; I mean I don't know what flag my neighbor's flying and I don't know what sign my neighbor over here has in their yard but as for me in my house &gt;&gt; we will serve the Lord &gt;&gt; as for me in my garden I want to give thought as to what is consistent constantly being sown. As for me in my mind, I want to take ownership of the things I'm feeding on. As for me in my ears, I want to give diligence to the things I'm hearing. &gt;&gt; Maybe we can't control the thoughts from coming, but we can keep them from nesting. &gt;&gt; We There may be a lot of seeds that are being sown by the world, but we can try to block them out. &gt;&gt; Say, "No. Uh-uh. Not here." &gt;&gt; Right? We need to get more strapped when it comes to the things of God and the seeds that are being swn in our lives. You know what? get those things out of our minds. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; And it helps minister grace to us to realize, wait a minute, there's a I'm buffeted from all sides and there's a lot of evil in this world, but I've got power over iniquity and wickedness to where I don't have to let it grow. &gt;&gt; I want to use Noah as an example as our closing thought. In Genesis chapter 9 verse 20, I'll read verse 20 and then we'll drop back to verse one. And Noah began to be an husbandman and he planted a vineyard. There's a lot of lessons we could take from this. Noah being as old as he was after the flood began to be a husbandman. He began to plant. Some Jewish writers believe that he found a vine that flooded out of the Garden of Eden in the flood. But Noah began to be a husbandman. It's not too late to look at the field of opportunity before you and plan, possess, and plant. Not too late, no matter how old you are, how long you've been raised in a family or even as a grandparent. You say, "Man, I've never been involved. I've never been uh diligent with my own children." It's not too late to begin to be a husbandman. And it says he planted a vineyard. When he does so, this isn't haphazard because the earth was Noah's field. In verse one, and God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth. And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, but all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea. In your hands are they delivered. Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you. Even as the green herb have I given you all things. So when Noah begins to be a husband and plants a vineyard, he's doing so as we've seen before in the image of God as God planted a garden in the beginning. And Noah in this opportunity, he considers takes ownership of the earth. And it says he plants a vineyard. This is a good act. This is the right thing. This is what he ought to do. is to take ownership of the earth. He's given to me the herb to eat. Let me grow things that are edifying. But verse 21, I mean, it sounds like, oh, what a what beautiful things are happening. It's after this great destruction, but Noah and his sons are going to populate the earth. He's been given this almost uh an identical commandment that Adam was given. This is a beautiful thing. And the very next verse, and he drank of the wine and was drunken, and he was uncovered within his tent. There is a a lot of meaning that is meant in this phrase uncovered within his tent. And as you'll read in the next verses, it speaks of their father's nakedness. It it's a phrasing that's used to convey a particular sin. But if I could just use this that it indicates he drank, became drunk, and it speaks of a a moral failure on Noah's part. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm not trying to twist the context or use it in a way that it's not meant, but it does warn us of the improper use of the fruits of our gifts. &gt;&gt; It does warn us of the misuse of the fruits of the field. &gt;&gt; He drank of the wine, which is what that field would have yielded. He planted a vineyard. And I I've tried to read a lot on it and just even to find out what maybe what the some of the Jewish writers and in their traditions they looked at and they some speculate that he just didn't know how intoxicating those grapes were because he hadn't planted those before. He didn't know how what was going to happen. But so whether it be uh intentional or or uh unintentional, it still serves as a lesson to us. He did the right thing. He planted a vineyard, but he it led to moral failure because he didn't use wisdom with the fruits. &gt;&gt; If I could say this before we I want to read our text one more time before we close. But there can be a misuse of gifts. There could be a mixing of seeds that results in if you read into these scriptures and read into what's being said, spiritual adultery. that there can become this immodderation. You realize that even when it comes to what we think are spiritual things that sometimes there's more emphasis given to those optical things, those visual things than it are is than there are to the real heart things, &gt;&gt; the real seed things, the real things that uh that matter. And so we can almost blindly cater to the intoxication of the fruit, cater to the stimulation of certain things and not enough to what's being grown &gt;&gt; and to the field and what's being planted. &gt;&gt; What's been in my heart as we try to just maybe I don't know where we're going to go just exactly next on this. There's some things I felt I could be very specific on in the future services, but we must be given even just recent events have taught me, don't assume what's growing if you haven't planted the seed. &gt;&gt; If you know what seeds you've planted, then you'll know what's in there. And if what you see isn't what you planted, then don't be afraid to begin to inquire as to whether or not something else is being planted. Often times we do this in our own home. All of a sudden, something's happening and things are a little unsettled and something seems to be wrong. And sometimes I'll pull my children aside and I'll have conversations with them. What's been going on lately? Talk to me. Be honest with me. Where are things where do things stand? Because you know what you're sowing. And I'm not saying I do everything perfectly. Sometimes I'm like, I know where he got that. Right. I'm sorry I sowed that. There's some things that, you know, immediately that's on me. But there's times when you can say, "Wait a minute. Something's not right. This isn't what we like to emphasize. This isn't what we're trying to cultivate within our family." And you could recognize something else is being done. &gt;&gt; Something else is being said. And so you don't panic. Oh my goodness, what have they been saying to my boy? What happened to my boys? Right? And all of a sudden, you get worked up about it. Say, "No. Uh-uh. I know how to handle this. &gt;&gt; Those are weeds. &gt;&gt; I need to take care of this. I need to make sure the the walls are still. I need to make sure I'm back on the watchtowwer. I need to give care." &gt;&gt; Because if you haven't planted those seeds and you see them growing, then address them. &gt;&gt; But let me say this to all of us. I say this as a pastor. I have realized that if I don't know what seeds been planted, I can't assume what's growing. &gt;&gt; And so if you have children, then I'm saying this to the parents. It's incumbent upon you to be sure that the word, and when I say the word, I speak of the Bible, but also the message that's been given to us in this day &gt;&gt; through the word of God by brother Brandham to make sure that that's being taught. &gt;&gt; Amen. and that you're expressing it in ways that it's digestible so they can understand the weight of it. &gt;&gt; So that a Sunday school teachers and pastors and everyone else doesn't make the assumption that oh they read their Bibles, they're praying, they know the message. They they know the things that are taught. They know the emphasis. They know the things that aren't emphasized but said that people blow out of proportion. They they they know these things so that one day they're not all a sudden caught by surprise with something. I didn't know the Bible said that. I didn't know the Bible said that. &gt;&gt; You have to really I I you say, "Well, brother, it's all up to you." All right, that's fine. Just give me more time with your kids. Then if that's what if you just want to put it all in the the church to feed your children, then we just need more time and we need more resources. tithing just went up 25%. Right? If you're gonna leave it all on us, right? We need more time. We need more resources. And we'll start putting together nice apps and we'll start buying this and we'll start buying that and we'll make take time. We'll make sure that your children get the word they need. But you know what? I'm a poor substitute &gt;&gt; for you. &gt;&gt; I I'll just say this honestly and I'm not just trying to fill up an hour here. I'm just trying to be follow the leadership of the Lord. Now in the now finally I'm trying to follow the leadership of the Lord right now in this moment to say that I'm here to support you not replace you. &gt;&gt; I'm here to support you. You've got the hardest job there is. &gt;&gt; The job you have. You say, "Oh, brother, you're busy. You got a hard job." No. Uh-uh. I'm supporting those who have the busiest job, have the hardest job. because I'll leave here today, take none of you home except those in my family and my work begins there. &gt;&gt; But the job you have, I'm here to support you in that &gt;&gt; and and what I want to convey is know what you're sewing into your families, into your homes, into your atmosphere, in your field. Think about it, plant it, so that you know when you begin to see the fruits of it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And you know when you're seeing fruits that you haven't sewn, &gt;&gt; like, well, where do you get that from? Where is that coming from? Why do you feel that way? Why all of a sudden you want to pursue this? I found out recently and I didn't know that someone had been trying to influence my son to leave the house, go away to college, sew your wild oats. And it's like, well, where is that coming from? &gt;&gt; You find sometimes there's influences and things that start to subtly creep up and you want to know what you're sewing and what you're planting &gt;&gt; so you know when it's not according to what you're sewing. Proverbs 31:16, "She considerth a field and buyth it." Give consideration to the fields of the scripture. &gt;&gt; Read your Bibles. &gt;&gt; Give consideration to the field of the Son of Man that's been opened up to us. &gt;&gt; Possess it. Plant in it. Buy it. And with the fruit of your hands, plant a vineyard. What God has given us, plant. Hosea 10:12 says, "Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy." You want more mercy. How many times say, "Oh, God be merciful." That's one of my one of my prayers. When something happens and people call me and they say, "Oh, this has happened." Or you see something bad happening. I I just find myself God be merciful. And and when we ask God to be merciful, there's it even it speaks of Lord be merciful. They deserve this. Like you you get your just fruits or your just reward. Mercy is withholding those. I deserve to be punished. I deserve the whirlwind. I He said, "God, be merciful." But it's it's so amazing. It says, "Well, if you want mercy, sow righteousness." &gt;&gt; Do not continue to plow iniquity and sow wickedness and sew to the wind and then ask God for mercy. &gt;&gt; If you've done if you planted a lot of wild seeds and you need mercy, just start sowing righteousness and God will be merciful. Amen. &gt;&gt; It says, "Break up your follow ground." That hard ground. Break it up. &gt;&gt; How can I do that? Prayer will soften a lot of things. &gt;&gt; Repentance will soften a lot of things. &gt;&gt; For it is time to seek the Lord till he come and re righteousness upon you. &gt;&gt; Sow to yourselves in righteousness &gt;&gt; and he will re righteousness upon you &gt;&gt; and you will receive re reap mercy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Even to the point to where all those things that have been sowed in your mind, in your spirit and your family, God will take care of the vineyard. And you won't reap. You don't have to reap all that you've seown. If you do, God allows it, &gt;&gt; but you can reap mercy wherein you haven't swed the right things and you haven't always done the right things. You can begin to be a husbandman and plant the right vineyard. Sew in righteousness and he'll come and reign righteousness upon you if you seek him with your whole heart &gt;&gt; and you'll reap. Or musicians, if you could come to your instruments because we have a baptismal uh four baptismal. Sister Hannah, you're still good. We got four different baptisms. Got the Mana family, Rashhate and Sister Joyce, brother Moesi being baptized. Sister Hannah's being baptized just wonderful. So we'll take that. will maybe just be a little bit abbreviated in our worship. But as the musicians come, I want to read this statement from God's power to transform. Brother Bram says, "The word has come to pass. It is God's word." He says, "Plant it in your heart if you want to go in a rapture." &gt;&gt; Can you think about that for a moment? You plant it in your heart if you want to be harvested. If you want to be Christians genuine, place this word as I believe it was Ezekiel, God said, take the scroll and eat it up. That the prophet and the word could become the same. What do we need to do? Take the word, plant it in our hearts. How? By eating it, reading it, feeding on it. If you want to go in the rapture, you say, "Well, press play and obey." Okay. All right, I press play. What I've heard, I'm going to obey. I am going to take that word and I'm going to eat it. &gt;&gt; I'm going to feed on it. I'm going to take it into my heart. You say, "Well, rapturing faith lays in those tapes." Well, those tapes told me that I got to take that and plant it in my heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says every promise in there has to manifest itself because it's God's original seed. So if you if you will receive it into your heart, if you'll plant it, if you'll water it, it has to manifest. He says, "Do not let some educated don't you let some educated theologian out here try to pump it out of you. &gt;&gt; Don't you let him spray you with that carnal science and knowledge and education." He says, "Believe God." And that's the hardest thing to do is to believe God. How? Well, it's a God that you don't see. It's a God that you can't verify. Don't you wish it was just like whenever you go to pay with a $100 bill, which I know all of you do that. You go to pay with a $100 bill and and and you hand over there and they whip out the marker. They hold it up to the light and No, that's genuine. Don't you just wish we could do that with God? Just give me the highlighter. No. Okay. That's genuine. No, it takes faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; Faith becomes that highlighter. &gt;&gt; Faith becomes that light that shines upon something says I see God in this. &gt;&gt; So whatever we do, we can't let loose our faith in God to the things of this world. Science, education, knowledge. And I trust that God will give you wisdom to be a husbandman, to be a keeper of your own vineyard, to not be void of understanding and not be lazy. that we can plan, consider, think about the opportunities that God's given you. Take ownership of the responsibility you have over that field that you're buying it. You say, "Well, I can't buy the field." Receive it in the name of the Lord. God's given you these responsibilities. God given you these gifts and then labor in them. Plant, invest in these gifts. There's gifts and talents. It's one thing I've noticed, my wife has commented on a few times too in our fellowship, just how recently it just seems like there's been more gifts that are manifested themselves in terms of people wanting to sing specials and work and labor. And I think it's wonderful. I think God's saying it's time for us to use the things that God has given us. &gt;&gt; I rejoice in the fact that we have baptisms. It shows God's dealing with hearts and that families are doing the right things by emphasizing things to their children. So God, help us to be the right kind of field as a church, as families, and as individuals. If we could stand to our feet. And Lord, let's just pray with our heads bowed. Gracious heavenly father, today as we close this service, we read in Hosea that it says, "Break up the file ground." Lord, right now I begin with prayer to work on this hard soil. And I want to take a swing right now with the hardness of my heart and say, "I believe in you." I want to take another swing with this pickaxe, with this hoe, and say, "I believe your word is true." And Lord, I pray that you could wash me of all poisonous spray. Lord, in this day and age of all these this poisonous gas and all this science and education and human knowledge, Lord, hide thou me in your presence. Protect me, Lord. But Lord, I'm asking that this ground be broken up. But Lord, I'm not just going to wait for you to do it. I'm going to start beating on it with faith. And I believe, Lord, that you'll send the rain. So may more of us be motivated as individuals to be more spiritual. May we be more motivated as individuals to be more moderate. Lord, may we be motiv more more motivated as parents and as overseers in homes and over relationships to consider the field and take ownership of it that we would plant with the fruit of our hands. Bless us. I pray as we commit ourselves to you these baptisms. Lord, I pray for each one. You promised, Lord, that if they repent that they would receive this blessed gift. So, Father, having repented as they go into the water as an outward sign of inward regeneration, may you give that blessed baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lord, in the event that there's a rebaptism, may there be this confirmation that they've obeyed you, they've honored you, and may we bury that weapon of the devil once and for all. We love you, Father. that we commit ourselves to you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ.
