################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - Bro. Eliezer Castillo Redeeming the Time - Eliezer Castillo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    Bro. Eliezer Castillo: Redeeming the Time
Speaker:  Eliezer Castillo
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi9EHmkqzaE
========================================

Description:
Bro. Eliezer Castillo: Redeeming the Time
Wednesday Service: May 28, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Amen. If you would like to turn with me to Ephesians 5 14, it's always good um you know on the middle of the week just to come to church and just kind of break the monotony of life and and just have a good time in the Lord. Ephesians 5:14-16 the Bible says wherefore he saith awake thou that sleepest and arrive arise from the dead and Christ shall give thee light see that ye walk circumspectly not as fools but as wise redeeming the time because the days are evil. Let us just pray once more. Heavenly Father, Lord, we have read your scripture, Father, and we're going to allow your Holy Spirit just to come and take control, Father. We just ask that every need, Lord, that is met tonight, Father. Everything that we need, Father, Lord, that you may just give to us, Father, we completely give the service unto you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. You may be seated. If you would like to turn with me to Ecclesiastics 3 1-11. This is a thought that um you know frankly I I just can't uh get away from. You know uh I think just as Christians we study things and we go back and forth on things and this is one thing that uh I just I I I love to continue to uh to just revisit. So, it's it's something that I've already had the thought and I I've studied it and I just um feel like it it's needful for today. So, Ecclesiastics 3:es 1-1 it says, "And to everything there is a season. Every time there is a purpose under heaven." So, that that's already a mouthful right there. There to everything. So, everything is a thing, right? We are people but we see things everything there is a season appointed to it right and a time to every purpose under heaven. So every purpose everything that is here there is a time almost attached to it. A time to be born a time to die. A time to plant. A time to to pluck that which has been planted. A time to kill. A time to heal. A time to break down. A time to build up, a time to weep, a time to laugh, a time to mourn, a time to dance, a time to cast away stones, a time to gather stones together, a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing. A time to get and a time to lose. A time to keep and a time to cast away. A time to rend and a time to sow. A time to keep silence and a time to speak. A time to love and a time to hate. A time of war and a time of peace. And he asked this question. He says, "What profitth um he that workketh in that whereth he labor?" And and in verse 10, he says, "I've seen the travail that God hath given the sons of men to be exercised in it." In verse 11, he everything beautiful in his time. So even though this is a travail or a burden that he's given to man, everything under time is made beautiful within time. He says everything is made beautiful in time. And he says, "And also he has set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end." Now um if you look at other versions in Ecclesiastics uh 3:11, he says instead of he set the world in somebody's heart, it says he set eternity in their heart. That's the actual the Hebrew word that he set eternity. So um even though we are bound by this boundary of time, even though that we have this and everything is subject to time that there's people that he set eternity inside of. So So we're going to go through life, we're going to go through things, but and we're going to go through the es and flows of life, yet we have eternity in us. So there's these two opposing truths. one hand there's all things are all short-lived passing moments they come and go with natural flows of life they're temporary but beautiful in his time as as uh the the proverb says on the other hand there's this contrasting part that the person as he goes through this constantly moving life that he's holding something that doesn't decay he's holding something that's not going to fade away even though brothers and sisters is we're going to grow old and one day we're going to die. That eternity is going to take us to the place that we've always been desiring for. So in reality, we're not meant or we're not meant to be in this boundary. You're meant to live in another world altogether. And we're what we're what's happening when you you're born and you grow up. We're working our way back to eternity. We're way working our way back to whatever has been planted just like um Jesus says I I go from the father and I go back to the father and u that's that's um the purpose of our lives. Now now brother Brandham he says that this thing called time and I said a little bit on on Sunday that this thing is a dimension. Brother Brandham, he's he said that and maybe people thought he was crazy when he started calling a time a dimension. But then you have this man um Albert Einstein that had this theory of special or this theory of special relativity relativity that he said that that time can change. Time can be measurable. that that depending on how fast you go, the faster you go and the speed of light, the slower time goes. So, so you can have a clock that is moving and then one that is staying still. The one that is moving is going to actually go slower even though they're the same time. It's not that somebody changes the time or or or the clock's messed up, but something happens where time the dimension actually changes. So time it can be manipulated and it could be measured. It's showing that th this is a physical thing and this is a dimension. So whenever we look at our clocks our our clock and our watch it's this is not our time. This is just measures the time. We could take off our our clocks or our watches. We could put them away. We're still subject to time. We don't have to live off of the 24 hours a day and all these things that the people have made. We're still subject under time because time isn't something that man-made. It's actually something that God constructed around us. It's a dimension God gave us. So it it's something that that is needed and it's something that God put in place. Brother Brandham, he says um in Saint Satan's Eden, he says, "Now it took God 6,000 years." And now this is just puts us to perspective. We all know this, but um just so that we can kind of open up our minds, but he says it took God 6,000 years. It didn't take him that long, but he took that long, 6,000 years. Because we're taught that one day in heaven is a thousand years on earth. Now the Bible in second Peter it says that one day with the Lord but brother Brandham says this day with the Lord is the day in heaven right so there's a day in heaven which is a thousand years on earth he says one day in heaven is a thousand years on earth and 6,000 years or six days God built the earth and and and and remember whenever he told Adam and Eve he said this the day you eat thereof is the day you die when he told and he warned Adam and Eve hey don't eat from this fruit because the day you eat thereof is the day you die now my question is did they die that day well they didn't die the day know but they died within the a thousand years right so the day that God was saying he he had a different perspective and he said the day you eat thereof is the day you die Adam only livedund 930 years. So he died within that day. So we can see that we are in these de these dimensions and these dimensions are in a boundary or this dimension of time that the prophet he told he revealed to us and now science is barely catching up and saying oh this is a fourth dimension. So so he he lived 900 years after he sinned. So he died after that. And of course we could also see it the other way that he died that day because death is separation. So he says the day you eat thereof is the day you die. That's the day they separated eternally from God. So you could see it in these two two aspects. Now now in um Christ it uh is revealed in his own word. Brother Brandham says, "Now they're going to find out someday that we're not seeing 150 million years of light space e either." Now, now mind you, this is a seventh grade education right here that's speaking to us. This is not this scientist, this great scientist. This is a seventh grade education that science is confirming, right? He says, uh, they're going, um, they're going right around in a circle. That's exactly. You're going to find out one of these days that when you go to heaven that you don't fly off somewhere else. You're still here. You're still here, too. Just in another dimension that is faster than this. So, we're not going out. Whenever they they say they're going to build a tower to heaven, we think about height. Well, these people were smarter than us. So, so they weren't trying to because they already knew. They shot um devices all the way to the moon, brother Brandham says. So they knew if they built a tower all the way up by by height that they would just get into space. So So they had another idea of how they're going to go into heaven. Now here, brother Brandham's showing that heaven's not way out there. that we're not building another tower, but he says heaven is right here, just right above us. He says it's just in a faster dimension. And if if we know the theory of special relativity, it's the faster you go, slower time goes. So this dimension is so fast that one day in this dimension is a thousand years here. That's how fast this dimension is. Now, now you have to think about it because it's been 2,000 years since Christ died on the cross. Ever since then, there's been many people that have been called in the bride and went into this dimension or this heaven that is faster than this. Now, think about it. They they gone into the sixth dimension. It's t taken 2,000 years. How long in heaven? It's only been two days. If you just think about it by the way the message in the Bible's talking about it, it's only been two days in heaven. You know, my my dad, I've said this before, but my dad, he's he's uh when my my grandma passed away, he he longed to see my my grandma, his mother, and it was over 20 years since she passed away, it was a almost a whole lifetime, a quarter of a lifetime if you want to count a century of of of just waiting to get back to his mama. And then whenever my dad finally passed away, he went up there and he almost went there the same exact time. If you think about it, 20 years is just a second or two. So when he went up there, it's like they've never even separated in the first place. So So time, it's God God is maneuvering time for himself and there's a purpose within time. Now, God himself, just like I was talking about on Sunday, how eternity isn't a lot of time. God isn't a person with a lot of time. He's not a person that has just a lot and lot of time. In Isaiah 57:15, it says, "For thus saith the high and lofty one inhabitth eternity." So he's altogether outside of time who inhabits eternity whose name is holy and dwell in the high and holy place with him also that is of the contrite and humble spirit to revive the spirit of the humble and revive the heart of the contrite ones. So it's the one who inhabits eternity. Now he doesn't only if you like if I would like to say this he doesn't only inhabit it but he is eternity. There is nothing eternal we we know this by the message and the Bible that there is nothing eternal but God there's nothing outside of God that is eternal. So, so we we are in this bubble or this little thing, this little speck of time, this little timeline, however you want to call it, of time. And then God encapsulates it all. We we hear we see that like in when Adam speaks Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says after you go uh millions and millions and trillions and trillions of light space, he says he engulfves all space, time, and eternity. So it's just this God that that is we can't even measure because he's unmeasurable because measure is a dimension, right? Length, width, and height. So can't even measure him. He's unmeasurable. So he's outside of that. So So this earth, if we think about it, this life on earth is the only place where created beings live outside of the full direct experience of God's eternity. This is the only place outside of time, outside of these dimensions of length, width, and height and time and a and and light and matter and all of that. You have eternity. You have an all watching uh eye watching over us, knowing every single thing about us. Every second, every minute, every hour of our life, there is a God watching over us. And he's not overwhelmed in our lives. He's not overwhelmed by the world. He can see it in plain view. Okay? And and words can't even describe what what is what this is, right? But here in this little bubble of time, this is where people can experience life without God. They they're they're God is allowing people by free will by free will of choice to accept or deny God. And and now we have this unique chance to make choices and grow and and um and fail and get back up and do all these things. Why? Because we are in this little bubble of time. We're able to do that. and and now we are just set in between the eternity that we came from going back to eternity that we came from. We're in this little time. So this is an important time that we're living in. So um there is nothing eternal besides God. So if you want to think about outside of time, it's just God, right? And and we can't even think of him as uh the greatness of God. It's just it's incomprehensible. Right? So here in Genesis 1:14, it says that here this is where God began to set the time and the boundaries. He said, "And God said, let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night, and let there be um them for signs, for seasons, and for days, and for years." So he he created the sun, the moon, the planets along with their rotations and the orbits to help the measure of time. And and that's another um that's the theory of relativity relativity where the the the planets they begin to bend space and time and all of that and cause things to move. And God did all that and all we're doing is just trying to figure it out or the human races. But God set all those time all all those things and God set his people Adam and Eve in these life and he set them as eternal beings. Yet time was running. He these were eternal beings living within all this everything in harmony. But when Adam and Eve sinned something happened where they became subject under time. Brother Brandham said, um, an a tree never died before Adam. An animal wouldn't die before Adam. Now, I don't think I I have this one for you guys, but he said, uh, before Adam, there was only one thing that cannot die, and that is God, because he is eternal. That's the only way we can ever keep from dying. We have eternal life in us, to be sons and daughters of God. So, so nothing died until they sinned. Then everything went under time and a timer started for everything. The Bible says that there is a time for everything, a season for everything. So you look at this pulpit, this building, the trees, us, we all have timers right above us. Every single thing has a time. Every single thing has a season. Brother Brandham, he says that day on Calvary, he says, "There's something wrong. He's getting old. He's dying. He's withering away. Sickness is on him. He's in bondage. Trees grow, but they're not immortal but not immortal. They die. The mountains change. The seas dry up. The waters fail." So that's that's a hard reality that we face today that that when sin entered earth, brother Brandham says it infected everything. Sin and all of its infection, all all of the infection that was caused by sin was thrown under time. And that's including us. And and I believe that's why you have like in Hebrews 11 um verses 113 and 16 and all of those where it shows the faithful acknowledging this that they were strangers and pilgrims looking for a city that was not going to perish because because they knew they they came in contact with the originator with the eternal life and they they begin to look for something that was eternal because they knew everything else was going to perish. So we go back to Ecclesiastics 3:1. It says, "Everything there is a season and and time to every purpose under heaven." So to every there is a time limit or or a time framed attached to it. Everything has to ha have everything that has time attached to it means that it's got to perish. Just like he said, "The day you eat thereof is the day you die." He put a time stamp there and he said one day he's going to perish. So everything that's got time above it, we're subject to time. That means there's a perishing there there's a time to perish. We cannot last. That's when we're subject under time. That's what happens. That everything under time it has to die. So, you know, um the good job that we have, the family we have, the good health, every single thing you you see all the good times, you know, whenever you have just having a good time, it's not going to last because everything has a season. So, there's a season for every single thing. And that makes me happy. The Bible says everything is made beautiful in its time. That means when we're going through a trial, we're going through a season of hard time, brother, sister, it seems like it's never going to end. It seems like that we just can't see the light in the end of the tunnel. And and and you know what? We see people taking their lives away because of that. We see people going into drugs. We see people going into horrible situations because they feel like it's not going to end. But the promise is that everything has a season. Meaning it has to change. That's that's what I love about uh Phoenix because this hot weather, it has to change back to good weather. Sometimes when you're in the middle of August, you're just like, "This is never going to end." But it's going to. Why? Because it's in seasons. There's seasons and it's got to end. And and so so time what it does, it allows the process and development in our lives. That's what time does. See, see now we're not perfect beings like Adam and Eve. We're not these people that were just came out and we were perfect. Now we have time to grow and to mature, to sometimes mess up, get back up, get closer to the Lord, and and and and fix the time that we have. Without time, there's no space for growth, repentance, transformation. Time gives us mercy, and gives us second chances. Isn't that amazing? That's what time does, God. and and and so every decision we make, we we mess up. We're not going to make good decisions sometimes. We have chances to to fix those things. God, the difference between us and God is God is eternal. So every decision he makes, it's got to be that way. Everything God says has got to be that way. Every move he makes, it's going to last from eternity all the way to eternity. That's why we can believe his word. cuz he's not over here with a eraser and saying, "You know what? Hold on. I messed up there. Oh, I messed up here." No, he's an eternal being that is not subject to. So, every move he makes is echoed from eternity to eternity to eternity. That's why we are temporal. And you know what? We got to thank God to for being temporal. Because we are not in the condition we're supposed we're not so so every decision we make imagine if we made a decision in our lives the way we are eternally an eternal decision in eternity then it can never it can never be changed but since we're in this thing every decision you make you can say you know what I messed up there you know what I I I've over I overcorrected did. I I didn't do much here. I didn't do this. And and you can go back and you say, "Lord, forgive me. Forgive me for what I've done." And because of time, God can change those things. God can can change every single thing. So imagine sinning in an eternal state. And and that thought comes to where was Satan when he sinned, right? So thank God that our past is our past and and we're not defined by our past. And if you sin now, you don't have to stay there. You can change your future by surrendering your your life to Jesus in the present. That's the amazing thing. So, so time it's not a mistake. It's not a a judgment. It's a divine part of God's plan for our salvation. Though it brings sorrow, aging, death, it also brings growth, opportunity, and chance to overcome. And one day those that have been faithful will step back into God's presence. God will one day will go back to to eternity. Mark uh 13:32 here it says says but if that day that hour no man know no um knoweth no man know not the angels which are which are in heaven neither the son but the father take ye heed watch and pray for ye know not when the time is. So there's there's a set time but we don't know what it is. and he says, "Watch and pray." You you know what I I I like is what rings loud in the Bible is this sense of urgency of it could happen at any moment now. That there's there's the time is at hand. You know, even Jesus preached that. Jesus is saying that. He says just watch, pray, be ready. It's it's going to come when you don't expect it. Go. Jesus preached that. Paul came came on the scene and he preached the same gospel. He even included himself. He says, "Those that are dead, we that are alive will meet them in the will meet them and then we'll go up in the air." It's not that he thought he was going to go in the rapture. He knew the word. He knew what needed to take place, but he put himself there to put a sense of urgency in these people. so that it could happen any time. The rapture could happen. We could be there. So there's this sense of urgency throughout the whole seven church ages even though the time is now. Now is the time. And and you know what's the amazing thing is is I I've had great great people, great mentors that that have passed on that that's what they were preaching and now they're out with the Lord. So, so when the time is now, we have to understand that we're waiting for things and that's good. We got to look for signs, but don't let those things alarm you because like I've said before, the 101 can take us before the rapture. The I17 will take you way quicker. I'll tell you that real quick with all these drivers. So, so while we're looking at all these times and say, "Well, we don't know, but this has to happen first. This has to happen." But you can trip and fall and meet the Lord there. Right? So the time is at hand. What how much time do we have? Sometimes we're looking way out there when God already knows the number of years and days and minutes that we have in our lives. So here in uh Job he says that his in Job 14:5 he says seeing his days are determined. Now this is them talking about how God sets these boundaries. He says his days are determined the number of the months are with thee and thou has appointed his bounds and he cannot pass. That's that is heavy for us because now you you you want all these um neural links. You you want to download people want to download their conscience on on other things and they want to live forever. Other people are are doing everything they can. All these uh health gurus trying to live as much as they can want to live eternally but the Bible says is God has already determined their days. So it doesn't matter how much I was talking to my wife about it. It's like doesn't matter how much we're healthy. Yeah. But you still want to live a good life. You don't want to be just eating whatever you want to eat. I'm like oh that's true too. But but it doesn't matter what we do how much we try to prolong our life. God has already preset our time. Our lifespan is fixed. God knows the set number of our days. We do not live randomly or by chance. Man, that's you know that's when we need to start thinking about our purpose. Start thinking about why are we here? If if God already placed the time, okay, Lord, why am I here? Why what am I supposed to be doing? So he's sovereign. So he determines the length of each person's life. It's not only that that he he sets it, but it's it's not even hidden to him. He knows everything. So like I said, we all have a set number over us today. We the uh you know the I think it's 90 right now. People's um lifespan is around 90. But we don't know. We don't know if we're going to live that long. You know, I'm 34 years old. I can, you know, I can be forever 34. I can die when I'm 35. Who knows? Only God knows. Now, I'm not saying it just to be a downer, but just so that we can understand that there's a purpose in our lives that God didn't just put us here for for chance and just to be like, "All right, let's see what they do." But let me see. Oh, this person only going to live 50 years. This person going to live a hundred and with no purpose. No, God set purposes. God set his word. We're not living so that we can have as much time as we want. We're living to fulfill a purpose. That's why we're here. So every time, every year that passes, it's more time used. Now the message we receive from God through a prophet, it's a message of little time. The message of the hour, last day message, end time message, evening light message. Keep going. These are all what people have labeled it. Why? It's a message of he's coming. It's time to change. It's it's time of a rapture. It's a time of a transformation. Now, the cry shouldn't be, "God, give me more time." You know, we want time. Lord, just give me more time. And and You know, I'll do this and I'll do that. Well, time for what? Right? Give me time to think about it. Give me Give me time to fix everything first. Give me time to to finish high school, right? Give me time to have a family first, Lord. Right. I was a young person. I That's the way I thought, too. I thought the rapture was going to happen way and I'm like, man, I'm not even going to graduate, right? We want more time. We want more time. Let Let me get my family good. Let Let me get a good job first. Let me have this. Let me have that. Let me do this first. But think about the Antalovian age. God gave them almost a thousand years to live. What did they do with it? that he gave him all those years. And here in Genesis 6:3, he says, "And the Lord said, "My spirit shall not always strive with man, for he is also flesh, yet his days shall be 120 years." Brother Brandham says God a generation is aotted time. A man's aotted time um on earth was 120 years which Noah took the period to build the ark which was considered a generation in that day. So here brother Ben Brandham's tying the two. So the 120 years wasn't just saying hey I'm going to give you 120 years of preaching but your lifespan has been cut short. 120 years. So now one generation at that time was only 120 years for them. Why? Because what did they do with that 900 years? Think about our our 80 90 years that we live just it's just a spec with what they compared to what they had. So all the time that they had they they wasted it to where God says I'm cutting it short. So time is is not on our side if if we want to just use time for whatever. Time is a tool. Time is currency. Time is something that you'll never be able to get back. Whenever you have your time, whenever you have your youth, young people, man, use everything you can. Do everything you can to serve the Lord. Brother Brandham says your best are from to 20 to serve the Lord. Why? Because still malleable. You're still able still able to serve the Lord. He says once you start hitting 21, you start beginning to be set on your ways. And and think about it. Whenever brother be went in behind the curtain of time, he said they were around 18 to 20 years old. So it is an age of eternity, right? So time is precious. Time is a commodity. Time is is is something that we need. Time isn't just whatever. We want more money or we want these things. Yet our time is every single second, every single minute, every single hour, every single day is just getting cut short, cut short, cut short. And there's a reason why we are in this earth. So, so he cut the lifespan almost a thousand years. The la the oldest person was Methuselah 969 down to 120. And now it's a miracle if we live past 90. Here in Psalms 90 um 10-12 um I had that all the way in the end, but I'm going to read it right now. It's Psalms 9010-12. He says in the New International Version, he says, "Our days come to 70 years or 80 if our strength endures. Yet the best of them are are but trouble and sorrow and for they quickly pass and we fly away." If we only knew the power of your anger and the wrath that is great and as the fear as as your due. teach us to number our days that we may gain the heart of wisdom to number our days to to recognize the time or the the the precious thing we have in our lives. So our he's saying average age is about 70. Now after that it's borrow time. He's basically saying and then once you hit 80 he says then you're you're in the years of strength. He says you know when when I was um younger I didn't really understand I would think about how how he did that. I'm like wow this is harsh how he cut it to 120 years and God must have been so angry to cut lifespan to 120 years because we want to live forever right? But brothers, to my surprise, I understand this. It's nothing but the grace of God. That that cutting the time short is grace. One of the reasons time was placed was to eliminate sin. You have to think about that that when sin entered in, time entered in and it put a time stamp on on sin. It put time on evil. It put time on the bad times. If not, it would have been rolling into eternity. So, one of the reasons was so that he could have an an a date of death for sin. The longer people allow sin to rule in their lives, the more wicked the people are. We see that in the Antalivian days. Sin doesn't age well. Sin is like a cancer that will not stop until it consumes its victim. Yes. So the longer this we allow this evil days to just roll and roll and roll, well, look at what we see now. It's just it's gray. It's not even like brother, like Jesus says, it's lukewarm. It it's an evil day. Mark 13:20, it says, "And except the Lord had shortened the days, no flesh would be saved. But for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days. So for the elect's sake, he shortened days. Brother Brandham, he says, and and it well here, brother Brandham starts talking about Hezekiah, and this is a good explaning the days. Hezekiah was about to die, and God says, "Get your everything in order. get your house in order because your time is at hand. Now, this man was right with God at that time. He was right. He was a righteous man and and he cried out to the Lord and the Lord and he cried out to the Lord for 15 more years. He sort said, "Lord, just give me more time. Give me more time and and I'll dedicate it to you. Lord, give me more time." That's us. Lord, give me more time. I just need more time. God granted it to him. And what happened? He says, "And he opened up there where Ez um Isaiah was sent to Hezekiah to pronounce to him his time has come. Come and and uh Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to the Lord." And the Lord heard his voice and come back and spoke to Isaiah and go tell him, "I spared 15 years." Do you remember that? Now, in the in the next message, um does God ever change his mind about his word? He says, "And what did he do?" Now we see the result of this 15 years. He says, "He brought disgrace upon the whole nation. He kindled the anger of God till he would have killed him." That's right. You know that backslid on God. It it would have been far better off um nation king and all if he hadn't went on and took God's first thing to him. if he went and took God's first thing. So he would have been better off to say, "All right, Lord, take my life, but because more time then it caused him to fall." So this is not a a matter of time. Lord, give me more time. Lord, give me more years. Let me be a a in a ripe old age. And I'm not saying, you know, we should desire to die early. I'm just saying that time is not in our side when we want to just go and do what we want to do and say Lord just give me time and I'll figure things out. God has set time limits for everything. So so now we understand something that that it's not the amount of time we possess which brings the value but the value is what we are doing with that a lot of time. What are we doing with the time? How many seconds have we wasted? Have I wasted? How many minutes and hours and days and weeks and months and years? Every second counts. You know, I like the the analogy of Rome wasn't built in a day. Well, it wasn't torn down in a day either. It took same thing brick by brick every single day. What are we doing for the Lord? Ephesians um if we go back to Ephesians 5:14-16 it says wherefore he saith awake thou that sleepest and arise from the dead and Christ shall give thee light see that you walk circumspectly not as fools but as wise redeeming the time because the days are evil now to redeem doesn't mean you you get to get back your time once we waste our time. That's it. There's no way to buy back time. But in a sense, this word means to recover or to make the most of something valuable. So, so to redeem the time, it means whatever we have left, whatever whatever time we have, let's make the best of it. Let's do something because it's valuable. So he's time saying to use our time wisely implies urgency and intent intentiality. Every moment is an opportunity to live for Christ. Grow in faith. Help others fulfill your purpose. Now this doesn't mean that we we just live like away from the world. No, we live with our ambitions. Young people, you want to go do those things, but yet you have Christ in the center of your life. In everything you do, you give God the glory. And everywhere you go, you Christ is there with you. So every step, everything you do, wherever you go, whatever you want to study, Christ is there. What is it? You're redeeming the time. Time is the word chios, which means opportunity. So redeeming the opportunity that you have, you know, in sales there's a word called or there's a phrase called a window of opportunity. Whenever you see that window, seize it. Go for it. Do what you got to do. That's what God has given us, a window. Man, 50 years, that's a long time. 70 years, 80 years, it's just not even a speck in God's eyes in compared to eternity. It's nothing. The Bible says that we are like grass that wither away. It seems like time, well, man, I'm young or I'm middle-aged. I'm good. I'm this. But one day, we're going to wake up and we're going to say, "What did I do with my time? What did I do? We have a window of opportunity, something that is not to be wasted. There's this uh I was just looking up quotes. Harvey McKay, he says, "Time is free, but it's priceless. You can't own it, but you can use it. You can't keep it, but you can spend it. Once you've lost it, you can never get it back." Another one by Paul um J. Meer. He says most time is wasted not in hours but in minutes. A bucket with a small hole is in the b with a small hole in the bottom just gets gets just as empty as the deliberate kick kicking over of the bucket. So what are we doing with our time? Every season to everything there is a season to every time there's a purpose. So every time that we have purpose is there. That's how God tells time. We tell times by these these watches we have the clocks the all these things. God he time by purpose. Every time there is purpose and whenever purpose is fulfilled the time is done. Here we can see it in 70th week of Daniel. He says then there is a lot of time but nobody knows it when when it will be. See it's a mystery. See the Gentiles time but the Jews we cannot tell the time by what the church by what the church whether it's backslid or whether it um it's going on or what it's doing. You can't tell by that. But look at the Jews. There is the time calendar. Do you see it? God did not lot them uh uh uh exactly the day and the hour and the time, but he never uh the Gentiles. He did the Jews. So, let's watch the Jews, then we'll see where we're at. So, whatever purpose that these Jews had, when we see it, when the purpose is done, the time is over. The Bible says when you see the leaves start butdding fruit, he says summer is ready. It's here. So in if in reality if we look at our lives, we see what God each and every person has a gift today. Each and every person has a purpose. Each and every person has something God wants them to do. Amen. Whether it's big or small, God has something for us to do to accomplish. Well, brother, I'm just this. Well, I'm this young or I'm this old. It doesn't matter. You have purpose. And you are your days are numbered by the purpose that fulfilled. That makes me happy. It makes me understand that I don't die of old age. That I'm not going to die of because of this. Maybe that was the cause. Or maybe that was the reason or the thing that caused me to die. But I died because my purpose was fulfilled because I did something. And God says, "All right, you're done." That's how God tells our purpose. He says in in the path of life, he says, "Grant it, Lord. Help us as we pull together for this purpose. We commit ourselves to you. We are yours. do with us, Lord, as you see fit. We commit ourselves this morning in the synagogue into your hands, Lord, that your that may uh that and may your great purpose be achieved in our lives as we give ourselves wholly to you, not as Samson. So, every single person has a purpose and every purpose has a time limit called the window of opportunity. There's a time and and it's limited and and and it's the limited period during which an action and a process takes place. Time is this time that we're living in. It's where we begin to act to determine our inter eternity. So in time, we're working, we're acting, we're achieving, we're we're doing all these things to determine our eternity output. We're working. This is not a time to just say, "YOLO, you were living, you know, you only live one life and whatever, all these things." You're working. You're you're achieving. You're you're you're just as as uh as Abraham, you're you're wandering, searching for that city. You know Jesus in in uh John 9:4 he says I must work the works of him that that sent me while it is day. The night cometh when no man can work. What is it? A window of opportunity. He he had an aotted time. Now you have to think about it. Jesus he lived for 33 years. And out of those 33 years, he only had a window of opportunity of three and a half years. Now just think about it. You go to Africa, you go to India, you go to South America, you go to North America, you go to Europe, you go to all these places and they know about Jesus. And this man only worked for three and a half years. Time. We don't need time when we have purpose. We don't we don't need a lot of time. God, give me purpose. God, let me be in your word. L L Lord, let me stand on your word with all I have. This man, nobody knew. 99.999 of the world percent of the world didn't know who Jesus was when he was walking on the earth. Yet, he was fulfilling his purpose for three and a half years. He lived to his full potential. He gave everything he could could. He was like a poor drink. He didn't reserve anything. You know, that's as people we we have we have so much eternity in us. That that's that's a wrong word to say because so much and eternity don't mix. But we have so much potential, so much purpose, so much stored within us. And it's not just for our benefit, but it's so that we can just give out to the world. That's what Jesus did. And he only lived three and a three and a half years fulfilling that purpose. Imagine if he died at 80. Imagine if how much he would have done. Like all the things he would have done if he lived all the way to 80. It would have been mindblowing, right? But he didn't need 80. He didn't need to go to 80. He only needed 33 years. That's all he needed. As much as we feel like we want to live a long life, what if I told you that that when we die, we said everything we needed to say. When we go with the Lord, we prayed every prayer we needed to pray. We we did everything we needed to do when we go out to the Lord. So, so sometimes when somebody leaves, just recently my my aunt left and it's so easy to say, "Oh man, I didn't talk to her enough. Man, I just wish I sat there." Now, I'm sure maybe most of us felt that way somehow with someone say, "Man, I wish I just had more time. Wish she could have spoke to me more because they were a Christian. My father, oh, I wish I I had more time with him." He said everything he needed to say to me. He did everything he needed to do and nothing more and nothing less. If you're in God's will, you you you can leave this world saying it is finished. See, Jesus when he died on the cross, he died empty. He didn't die with anything reserved. He didn't die with anything that was saying, "Man, I should have done that, man." No. What did he say? It is finished. It's done. Everything I needed to do, it's done. Paul in one of the scriptures, he he said, "I I I look forward. I there's things that I I haven't grasped yet, and I'm still running and walking towards those things. I'm grasping for those things." Then then he goes and talks to Timothy, and he says, "I'm done. I fought the fi fight. I' I I've done all these things." And he actually says, "I'm like a drink poured out. My day is done." Isn't that amazing to be saying Lord I'm like a drink that has been poured out. That word or the phrase is actually I'm like a drink offering in in the Old Testament. That's what they would do whenever they would sacrifice the lamb and all of that for sweet savor to the Lord. They would also have a a glass of wine or a thing of wine and they would it would be a poured offering to the Lord. that wine, that water, whatever you want to call it, is is the pleasures of our life. It's the things that that we want to do. We could drink it or we can just pour it to the Lord. And it's not going to be counted wasted. It's not going to be counted disgrace. It's not going to be counted that, oh man, I didn't do that or I didn't do this. No, you pour it and you give it to the Lord because that's what our purpose is. We're our purpose is to leave this earth empty. Our purpose is to leave here knowing that we give given everything to the Lord. Let us uh stand to our feet. That that's my prayer. You know with this world we have to think about all the technology all the the things that can waste our time all the things all entertainments all the things in the world it can waste our time but when we can dedicate our time to the Lord every and say Lord I've done everything I could. I I believe we fulfilled the purpose that God has in store for us and we've properly redeemed the time. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're just so thankful for your goodness, Lord, for your grace that you have given us. If it wasn't for you, Lord, we would be in a horrible place. But, Father, you've given us a time to repent. Father, you've given us everything we needed so that we can turn our lives and now we have people here dedicated in their lives. Father, Lord, I just ask that you continue to allow us to fulfill every single day with your purpose being fulfilled. Allow us to walk in your way every single day. Father, allow us to know how great your purpose is in our lives. Lord, I ask a special blessing for each and every person. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen.
