################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-10 - Composed, Conducted, Performed - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-10
Title:   Composed, Conducted, Performed
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkqK3161knU
========================================

Description:
Composed, Conducted, Performed
Wednesday Service: September 10, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Genesis 24:1, "And Abraham was old and well stricken in age, and the Lord had blessed Abraham in all things." And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, and many believe, and I know Brother Brandham taught that this would have been Eleazar, very trusted servant that ruled over all that he had, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thighs. This is a way of swearing an oath and making a covenant. I will make thee swear by the Lord, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites among whom I dwell. But thou shalt go unto my country and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son Isaac." And the servant said unto him, P per adventure, the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land. Must thy needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? Abraham said unto him, Beware that thou bring not my son thither again. The Lord God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, which spake unto me, and that swear unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land. He shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence. If the woman will not be willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath, only bring not my son thither again." And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swear to him concerning that matter. Amen. I just trust God could really bless this to us tonight. You can be seated. My title is three words: composed, conducted, performed. Composed, conducted, performed. And I was glad that I could settle on a title. So many different things in my mind and subjects and wanting to break this up into different ones. I know there's tremendous continuity with the subjects that we've been on this year and even as late on this, but composed, conducted, performed. There's a lot in those words tonight to chew on. To start, I want to just define what a composer is. It's one who creates music. So a composer in the way that we're intending it today is one that today is one that writes and arranges musical compositions or pieces and even that word to compose is a placing together. It's putting placing something together with something else. So it's a it's an arrangement. So a musical composer creates music. They write and arrange it. Luke 1 vers1 there's a Greek word used here that's defined or translated as set in order. And Luke writes, "For as much as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us," and he uses this, "As others have composed this, I am also going to share with you these things that I have." So Luke was composing a declaration himself. He was the writer of the book of Luke. And so that's a creative act. But on this word conducted, a conductor is one who leads or guides. So follow me in each one of these definitions. A composer is one that creates, write and arrange the music. But then a conductor can be someone completely different and they're one who guides the music or leads or guides. To conduct, it means to lead together, to bring together. And we know that it also would speak to something. I think there's a type there, an object through which energy or heat passes if you're a conductor. So there's a lot of different ways you could look at this as a type of biblical truth. So you have a composer who writes it, a conductor who leads it or guides it, and it's a performer as we use this other word perform. That's one who accomplishes or fulfills to carry into effect or discharge a duty or to fulfill or uh discharge what is required or commanded. A performer. And so in a musical sense, it's one who to sing. One who sings, they're a performer. Or one who renders, plays a musical instrument. So we could see there's a composer. They're the ones that creates a composition and then there's a conductor and then there's a performer. While the conductor creates, the composer leads and directs the performer. So, you see these elements we're looking at here. You have a composer, you have a conductor, and then the performer. I'm just going to rely on you tonight, Rowan, to make sure that I'm making progress. So, don't don't want to lose you. Everybody else, they can do whatever they want, but I need you right here, and that'll help me tonight. and a composer having written it. Now that it's the conductor who works together with the performers and leads and guides them, the composer works independently and and they're they're thinking about how it would be conducted. They're thinking about performers, but they're writing this piece of their own creative act and their own inspiration, but the com conductor will work closely with the performers a &gt;&gt; and to lead them and guide them guide them. And so a conductor collaborates with the performers in order to interpret and to bring the composer's composition to life. So a composer has this genius or this intelligence, this inspiration and writes something and it's this musical piece, this arrangement, this putting together of things and then a conductor learns that piece and knows that piece and then collaborates with the performers for a performance. And you all have all seen this before. You see it with choirs. You're like, well, why do they need a choir director? Why do they need a conductor? These are all accomplished musicians being paid a lot to be in this worldrenowned uh symphony orchestra or whatever the the arrangement might be. And they still have a conductor that conducts because they know the music. They've worked and practiced hundreds of hours together. And then in the time of the production, the conductor is still leading and guiding the performers to accomplish what the composer had in their mind when they wrote the music. And I want to use this and so they they work together to interpret the composition or in other words bring what has already been composed in some form to life. And I want to look at it from this standpoint that God is the composer and God as the Holy Spirit that the Lord that moving force is the conductor and you are the performer. In second Peter 1:es 20 and 21, I'm just looking at this at God as the composer, knowing this first that no prophecy of the scriptures of any private interpretation. The day and age of remixes and anybody can do their own arrangement and use whatever samples they want when it comes to a song. Uh that changes maybe the original intent of the composer like this is the way they intended it to sound. And so scripture isn't just something you sampled. Scripture is not something you want to cover and just make your own arrangement too. God's word is of no private interpretation. In other words, the composer composes it a certain way. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man. But holy men of God. So there's this God directed that these they spoke from God. God as if he's speaking from a man. They spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. That word there speaks as they were carried along by the Holy Ghost. So here's God through the agency of man carried along by the Holy Ghost speaking through the scriptures. So scripture is God's composition. &gt;&gt; If you look in the sense of a drama or an act, God composed this drama. This composition holds prophecy. It's his will. It's his plan. God composed it. Second Timothy 3:16 says all scripture is is God breathed. So who wrote it? Not just these prophets and not these men. But they it was God breathed. God u composed then God conducted. But then the men wrote it out. &gt;&gt; Deuteronomy 4:13, we look at this maybe from a different view. God has given these commandments to Israel through Moses. These ten commandments even as it references here and he says, "And he declared unto you his covenant which he commanded you to perform." So God could write it. God gives the covenant. God gives the promises. But then he says, "Even the ten commandments and he wrote them upon two tables of stone." Who wrote it? God wrote it. &gt;&gt; Uh they were his commandments. They were his composition. But who was to perform it? Israel was &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; And so the word is composed. I like the levels. It was brother Michael Jenkins that shared with me just even that other meaning of composure to be composed to have some composure not just be unduly influenced. The word is composed by God. It's conducted by God and then it's performed &gt;&gt; performed even by the composed and the conducted. And so look at it as God the composer, the conductor, Christ, the Holy Spirit, which we know is God, and the performer being flesh, someone who's actively fulfilling God's word. And we can see this image of composed, conducted, and performed in Jesus Christ. John 6:38, for I am come down from heaven not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me. Just think very deeply about what we ministered on on Sunday. I haven't left the subject. We're just going forward to this point this year. no part two so far. And so we're just we're wanting to hopefully some of these things carry through. But he came down from heaven not to do his own will to uh to live his own life or to make his own declaration to compose his own story or make his own way but the will of him that sent him. So he's doing the will of the father. The father has laid out a plan for him. He's composed a plan for his life. The prior chapter in verse 30 says I can of my own self do nothing. Not that he didn't have the ability, but he had submitted himself to God as I hear I judge. So he was hearing something from God and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will but the will of the father which hath sent me. There's numerous scriptures we could use in this vein that show the mindset of Jesus Christ that he was now he is acting according to God's playbook. He's acting according to God's drama, his composition in this symphony. He wasn't singing his own tune and playing his own solo, but he was following God and being conducted. The Holy Spirit came to dwell in him. Him hath the He hath the father sealed there on the Jordan River. He's led of the spirit into the wilderness right away. What is that? According to God's word, his composition, he's being conducted according to that word. You find many places where it says, "And this happened that it might be fulfilled." He had need to go this way. Why? That it might be fulfilled in the composition. The Bible having been written a certain way, he had to do this. &gt;&gt; Says in John 5 17 to20, but Jesus answered, "My father worketh hitherto, and I work." Therefore, the Jews sought the more to kill him because he had not only had broken the Sabbath. See, there's the honesty there. There's the scripture telling us it wasn't when he says, "For what good deed do you crucify me?" Oh, no, not good deeds. It's because you make yourself God. They wanted to kill him for this, too. the good deeds on the Sabbath, but said also, this is the more to kill him, that God was his father, making himself equal to God. And we all say, what hypocrites then answered Jesus and said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do." Here's the seeing, the hearing, the understanding, that that resonance, that sympathetic resonance to know, to understand. For what thingsoever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise. What is he? He's seeing the composition. He's seeing the plan of God. He knows how he's written this out. And he's being led of the Spirit. For the Father loveth the Son, and showeth him all things that he that himself doeth, and he will show him greater works than these, that ye may marvel. So, he's he knows what God's plan is, and he's acting according to that plan. We alluded to this. There's a number of places we could use this. I'm trying to just piece it together kind of chronologically in his ministry. Now, Matthew chapter 26:56. Actually, this is at the end of his ministry. This is not chronological. But all this was done that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him and fled. And so these things that are transpired at the time of his arrest and his soon cominging trial, it says it happened that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. So whose plan was it? The prophets? No, they spake for God. It &gt;&gt; was God's plan that inspired these men to lay out these prophecies. Jesus is operating according to what has already been prophesied. &gt;&gt; Luke 4:21. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." What was happening? He is fulfilling and doing what was required of him in the scripture. &gt;&gt; Prior one I was going to use, I skipped over it. Mark chapter 14:49. I was daily with you in the temple teaching and you took me not. But the scriptures must be fulfilled. &gt;&gt; It had to be fulfilled. There was times when they couldn't take them because it wasn't not yet time according to prophecy. And he's saying, "I was there and you didn't take me." But ultimately, these scriptures must be fulfilled. So the the what God had written, what God had breathed, the Bible became that boundary, this composition that needed to be followed. So scripture must be fulfilled. Paul writes of this in 1 Corinthians chapter 15:es 1 to 4. more of a brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also you have received, and wherein you stand. It's the gospel that Paul preached. By which also you are saved, by whose gospel? He says, the gospel that he preached. If you keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless you have believed in vain. This is a a hard saying for a lot of people because Paul is saying, "The gospel I preached to you, you'll be saved if you keep it in your memory, unless you've believed in vain." So there's this this sense of well this by grace you are saved. How does this fit in? And I'm I'm only pointing that out. There's things in the Bible that are that fun to wrestle with. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received. How that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures. So in what Paul received, he could take back to the Bible and say this is what God had revealed. Christ died accord for our sins according to the scriptures and that he was buried and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures. So here's Paul saying these things happen in the life of Christ just exactly the way God had written it out beforehand. I hope you can see that in that sense of something being laid out. This is the way it's going to be and then someone hitting those notes in their life as Christ did. It was composed, conducted, performed by Christ. John 5:es 36 to4 he says but I have greater witness than that of John for the works with the which the father hath given me to finish there's your performance the fulfillment the same works that I do bear witness of me that the father hath sent me the father himself which hath sent me hath borne witness of me you have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape and you have not his word abiding in you for whom he hath sent him ye believed not and that was the great work of God is to believe &gt;&gt; on him whom have sent that would show God's working in your heart. It would show that the composition through the conducting is having an impact through the performance upon you &gt;&gt; and you're becoming a part of it. &gt;&gt; So he says, "Search the scriptures." &gt;&gt; A great challenge. Search the scripture for in them ye think you have eternal life. You believe the Bible, you believe the scripture, you believe these things, then search them because you think there's life in them. He says, "And it's those scriptures that testify of me." He says, "But yet you will not come to me that you might have life." showing that incredible uh paradox of those who can believe so diligently in the Bible but can't follow in the fulfillment or the light of it and they won't come to the Christ of the Bible. They want to come to their imaginary God of the Bible. But Jesus Christ being conducted was to perform or finish the will of the father as it pertained to him. God having written it out, he says, "Search the scriptures." Now, the composed, conducted, and performed. We can see these elements in the story of Isaac and Rebecca. We've read just these first nine verses in Genesis chapter 24. And there's just such a great type. Don't you believe there's a great type in this for us? The time that we're living in now, especially when we read the book of Revelation, that this is a wedding time. This is bride time. &gt;&gt; It's what the message reveals to us. this time of uniting time. And I want you to look at this, see how that you see a performer that's being conducted according to a composition. And if I could put it in this way, I I want you to think about these these dynamics of leadership and and what it looks like to be led or what it is or what leading looks like because that's what the children of God, God's children are led by God's spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. So they say, "Well, what what what makes you God's child? You're led of God's spirit." &gt;&gt; That that it's a very outstanding characteristic of a child of God. That's why when you don't aren't allowed to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit, you feel displaced. The Bible says you become a bastard because children of God are led by the spirit of God. So I want you to think about they're talking about the leadership of the Holy Spirit, the leadership of God, and what leading looks like. And because all of us can say, "Well, the Lord led me to do this. The Lord led me to do that. the Lord led me to do this. And we would always treasure that for anyone else. &gt;&gt; But we want to look, we want to see what leading looks like. &gt;&gt; Is the leading of the Lord a maverick just out into off on his own doing nothing with anybody else and and antirist signs and and contrary to scripture? You'd say, "Well, now hard for me to accept that's the leading of the Lord." But we could see where in the composition God has that dissonant makebelief &gt;&gt; or unbelief. So, let's just look at this. And I I may I may be jinxing myself. Elliot tells me all the time, there's such a thing as that. And I may be jinxing myself right now, but I just feel like I can be done in under an hour. This is going great. Ruin it for me, please. But let's look at how these elements play out in Genesis chapter 24. I'll start to verse one. We'll read through this and pause a little bit. Abraham was old and well stricken in age, and the Lord had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham said unto his el eldest servant of his house that ruled over all that he had. So let's think about Eleazer in this regard. I'm very comfortable in that based upon what brother Brandham taught us. Put I pray thee thy hand under thy thigh and I will make thee swear by the Lord the God of heaven and the God of the earth that and notice he has a vision. He has an objective. He has a plan that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites among whom I dwell. So now he's sharing with him that he has that um Eleazar has a mission to go find a wife for his son Isaac. So he says, "You're you're you're not to find one here in this land that we presently dwell, but go back to the land I was taken out of where my kins live, but thou shalt go unto my country and to my kindred and take a wife unto my son Isaac." Look at it as Abraham uh composing giving a directive composing a a mission statement for Elees or laying out a a plan uh for his son. And this is what I want for my son. I want him to have a wife of my kindred. I don't want him to have a Canaanite wife. I want him to have someone from my father's family from the land of the Caldanss or wherever wherever my bloodline is from. I want you to go. And now Ezer, this eldest servant uh is going to be the one who is fulfilling or acting according to that mission or that objective. And so Eleazar feeling the weight of the the request and now understanding. Look at God, excuse me, Abraham maybe in the the God view of him the one laying out the plan. And so then Ezer feeling the weight of that says in verse 5, "And the servant answered and said per adventure, what if, right? What if the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land? What do I do if?" So he's this is very good. He's being proactive. He's kind of thinking through these the the order of things. I'm going to go all the way up there and I'm just going to be some strange guy that shows up and says, "Give me your wife or give me your daughter, rather. So give me give give me your daughter. I want to take her to be the wife of my master." at very different time. Maybe not as crazy as it sounds right now, but nonetheless, he recognized even then possibly some difficulty. &gt;&gt; So he says per adventure, and catch this, the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land. Here's somebody that recognizes the objective, but then also his mission and the part that he plays because he's not saying follow Abraham &gt;&gt; and he's not saying uh follow her dad or follow her gut. She's saying, "What happens if me, having been sent by Abraham to find a wife for his son? What if the woman that I ask or these women I request of will not follow me &gt;&gt; to the son &gt;&gt; because he's the one that stands there having been sent &gt;&gt; to make to bring that introduction." &gt;&gt; And he says, "Must I," and I love this. Just I think very like think very spiritually with me right now. I love this. Must th I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? Now let me just wax uh wax third pull a little bit here. The coming of the Lord that many people are looking for is a coming which the son comes back out of necessity because the people need to receive him and it and it's that time that great triumphant time. But that's the third coming when he returns to earth with his bride. What's happening here is that taking and catching away of the bride where God is actually forecasting and typing early on in the life of Abraham that no, the son will not come and step earth on earth in Leodysa, but there will be a bride who is raised up and brought to meet Isaac. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And they'll go into a tent. Glory. &gt;&gt; He says, "What do I need to bring them back?" So he has concerns about the failure of the admission or the objective. He knows this is a difficult ask. And immediately Abraham says in verse six, beware that thou bring not my son thither again. He can't break. He could say this is the composition. This is part of those shadows and types. So he doesn't want to break it because he's not going Jesus Christ in that second coming isn't going to come uh uh in the in his corporal body showing uh to the Gentiles in the way that uh he would reveal himself to the Jews. But he says, "Beware that you not bring them back. The Lord God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, which spake unto me, and that swear unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land. He shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from then." So notice the basis upon which he makes this request, that God, the Lord God of heaven, he's the same one that took me out of my father's house. He's the one that brought me to this place. He swore that he would give me this land. &gt;&gt; He says he'll send his angel before thee &gt;&gt; and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from fence. &gt;&gt; In verse eight, and if the woman will not be willing to follow thee, think about this in how Abraham is expressing this. I have a plan. I'm sending you according to that plan to bring a wife back for my son. Eleazar is asked what if she won't follow me? He says I'm going to be sending my angel before thee. And if the woman be not willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this thy oath. So here you have the composer. You have a performer of this composition. Now you have one who's also being brought in as a performer in this. He says, "But if she will not perform her part, you're going to be clear of of this oath, but don't bring my son there." As he says, "Not my son thither again." And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham as master and swear to him concerning the matter. Now there's another performer. Abraham composed it. Now Elezer is clearly going to be conducting because now he's the one that has to go to the woman to get her to follow. And he's saying, "What? But what about there's the the woman? There's Abraham's will. Elear now following that will. And but what about the woman? She has a part in this performance." &gt;&gt; And he says that the same God that spoke to Abraham would lead the conductor and go before him. He says, I'm reading this verse here, he shall send his angel before thee. And so there's an angel going before Eleazar. And we can see this pattern in Abraham and as God is unfolding this in Abraham. And it's this pattern for all those who are called to follow the example of Jesus Christ because the Bible says he set for us an example that we should follow in his steps. Jesus Christ is being conducted according to the composition performing and finishing God's will. And that often time can be uh uh it we see Jesus Christ doing these things. things are like, well, yeah, that the harmony that existed between the father and the son. Jesus bypassed sinful birth. I mean, look at him, 12 years old. He's confounding the scribes and the Pharisees, we know he did only that which pleased the father and he was perfect and sinless yet tempted in all points and manner like we were. And we could kind of carve out the Christ exception that we don't have to do it that way. So, we're looking at a a real world example where Abraham, a natural man with a natural son, has a vision and a plan, and he wants his son to marry a woman from a country that he came out of, and he tked a servant to go out and to be led by the spirit of God to get a bride for his son. &gt;&gt; And so, I believe that we can see even in Abraham and Eleazar and here as we're leading it, we're kind of speaking of this woman who's ultimately Rebecca, how God works in our lives. In Philippians chapter 2:13, Paul says, "For it is God which workketh in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure." God in you conducting according to his composition. &gt;&gt; It's God in you to will, to compose, to plan, to structure, to arrange, and to place. But then not only to have these these words in your heart and these things in your heart and say, "Well, he's placed this in me. He's placed this in me. This is in me. The word is written in my heart. uh his law is written into my heart and his my sins and iniquity will he remember no more against me but but he's going to do of his what good pleasure which is his composition. So there's this. You say, "Well, who's the composer?" God. &gt;&gt; Who's the conductor? God. Who's the performer? Christ in you. God in you. The hope &gt;&gt; of glory. And in the image of in the image of uh Abraham in James chapter 2:es 21-22, James making this just remarkable observation. Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered by offered Isaac his son upon the altar? What was Abraham doing in that instance? God told him to do it. &gt;&gt; Abraham was doing it. &gt;&gt; He's performing God's will. &gt;&gt; What is he being led by the promises of God? And then in that act and in that fulfilling, James is looking at it and saying, "Was not he justified by following and performing and doing God's will by faith?" We see this faith can seeest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect. &gt;&gt; So that perfect faith was manifested in that he performed according to what he believed. Well, it's that great miracle that we see now with Abraham when he's willing to offer up his son Isaac upon an altar. In other words, he's willing for his own son to face death. Whereas before, it was the fear of death that rattled him. &gt;&gt; He's afraid to die before these kings. So, he lied. And he didn't have enough faith in the promise to say, "How could I die since I don't have a son? &gt;&gt; It's impossible for me to die." He ought to have had that faith that Paul had that says, "I know he's called me to do this, and it looks like I'm going to die. So, I'm going to trust in a God not who'll preserve life, but in a God who'll raise up life because I've seen the composition and I know I'm being conducted and God's going to perform his will. And so, he's just going to have to raise me from the dead. And Abraham by now is so certain by the coming of that promised son. It's through that revelation of the son that he knew he could come. He came to that perfect faith to believe that death could not stop the promises of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so through that perfect faith, it was manifested in performing the will of God. &gt;&gt; So I want to ask the same question in a sense that what if the woman will not follow me? In other words, per adventure, the woman will not perform her part. And this is the great challenge of Jesus Christ. This is the the challenge of Christianity. In John chapter 10 27, we could say, "Whosoever believeth on me shall be saved." Okay, that's right. That's Bible. He says, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me." This is where I go more chronologically. So, I made a mistake earlier. We'll print a retraction in the morning in Matthew chapter 4 18 to22. And Jesus walking by the Sea of Galilee. Let's just see how this plays out. My sheep hear my voice and they I know them and they follow me. Saw two brethren, Simon called Peter and Andrew his brother, cast in a net into the sea, for they were fishers. And he said to them, "Follow me and I will make you fishers of men." &gt;&gt; How come we don't ever call ourselves fishers? &gt;&gt; For the victor, I'm a fisher because I love to fish and I know why we're called fishers instead of catchers. But he says, "Follow me. I'll make you fishers of men." And they straightway left their nets and followed him. I know there's a lot more to this backstory and even being disciples of John, but notice how he says, "My sheep hear my voice." And though the Bible is maybe writing it in a way to where it leaves out certain details, it's not trying to mislead us, but it's showing us at least some reaction to the call that they leave their nets and follow him. &gt;&gt; Follow me. They follow him. Going on from then he saw other two brethren James the son son of Zebedee and his brother John his brother in a ship with Zebedee their father mending their nets and he called them and they immediately left the ship and their father see you dad and followed him. This is the this is the call. This is the challenge of Christ. Don't just hear my voice. &gt;&gt; Don't just claim to believe in me but follow me. Matthew 8 18 to22. Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart to the other side. And a certain scribe came and said unto him, "Master, I will follow thee whethersoever thou goest." So he's willing to follow. Perhaps he'd been hearing this commandment, the voice of the this uh the shepherd saying, "Follow me. Follow me." Remember this is the question that Eleazar has. Per adventure, the woman will not follow me, your messenger. And he says, Jesus says, 'Well, the foxes have holes and the birds of the air have nests, but the son of man hath not where to lay his head. Why was he saying to this one who appeared so eager to follow me? He's saying, follow me, but it's not going to be easy. &gt;&gt; And it's when it gets difficult that people often express just how badly they wanted to do it or just how convinced they were. Do you want to do it? You want to do it? You want to do it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to cost you. It's right. whenever we've been offered a free lunch or go to this seminar and all you got to do is sit here and listen to our pitch for an hour and we'll give you $1,000 in six free nights a at a lodge that can only be accessed through our own personal private jet that you have to pay for the tickets. But you don't know that till you sat through the presentation and you think ah what is this going to this is nothing to just go and sit and then you do it once and you're like fool me once shame on shame on you fool me once can't fool me again why because though they're saying it's free it comes at a price so follow me you really want to follow me it's not going to be easy but yet it was saying follow me and another of his disciples said unto him Lord suffer me first to go and bury my father I want you to think of this in terms of why does the Bible lay this out there while there's some that want to do it and they think it's going to be easy and he's saying it's not going to be easy. Now there's one that's what has these orders of priority except for me first to go and bury my father. It's a lot. I mean I've been studying this in the past and some time ago realizing just how uh much of a so many layers of complexity to this. &gt;&gt; He says I'm going to go bury my father. And kind of what it speaks to and the different ways that you can look at it. And Jesus's answer is kind of abrasive but he says follow me. Let the dead bury the dead. They're dead. So, it's no matter how hard it is and no matter what order of priority, if you hear and you believe, he's saying, "Follow me." And that's the challenge. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll get back to you. I need to go bury my father. Or, well, you know, are we going to be staying at Hilton Properties because that's where I get my points. Don't put me in a Marriott, man. And Jesus saying, hey, you know, sometimes we're going to have to lay on a stone. You know, sometimes we're not going to have a nice place to stay. We might be in Marriott's all over the place and you have to wait till you get to the millennium or heaven is sleep in a Hilton. Glory and and so there's ways that you got to wrestle this out. John chapter 1 43 it says the day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee and findeth Philillip and saith to him follow me. Follow me. That sounds like one words I want you wonder you know follow me. Remember the first job one of the first jobs I ever got I was doing. Have I ever shared this? If I have finished the sentence for me, I was doing telemarketing for concerned women for America. That was what it was. And I would say, "Hi, this is Aaron McGear with Concerned Women for America. Could you please hold for a message from our founder, Beverly Lee?" And this guy who was training me was like, "Were you in the Air Force?" And I'm like, "No. Oh, why do you ask?" He goes, "You keep saying Airman McGee." And I'm like, "No, no, no, no. Not an airman. What an odd way to announce myself." Yes, I'm Airman McGiri. It was Aaron McGiri. So here it's not airman McGear, it's follow me. He's saying follow me. So what he says to Philillip, follow me. Notice how this it's not just believe me or kind of hear me out for a moment. Let us banter back and forth. But there's this invitation. Think of this abandonment. Follow me. &gt;&gt; You got to leave your nets. Leave your father. Don't bury the dead. Don't don't worry. You know, know what you're getting into, but don't be looking for something easy. Follow me. Matthew chapter 9:9. As he passed from from then, he saw a man named Matthew. In the other readings, it's Levi sitting at the receipt of custom. And he said unto him, follow me. And what happened? He arose and followed him. Notice that in this his image, I want you to see this image. Immediately they left the ship. Straightway they left their nets and followed him. He arose and followed him. You read the scriptures of the next few days. As you come uh expecting Sunday morning, notice this impact of follow me. He arises and follows him. In Mark 10 21, Jesus beholding him. Now we're looking at this rich young ruler who came inquiring of eternal life. And one thing thou lackest. Go thy way. Sell whatsoever thou hast and give to the poor and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. And it doesn't end there. And come take up thy cross and follow me. &gt;&gt; Surely we could say in some ways that the cross would be that burden of following. The foxes have holes and the birds they have of the air have nests, but I have no place to lay my head. There's going to be persecution. There's going to be rejection. This isn't going to be broadly accepted. So, there is a cross and even a death that you may have to suffer to follow. But, nonetheless, even eyes wide open, follow me. Jesus apprised his disciples of the troubles to follow. I'm going to send you a sheep into the midst of wolves. Men are going to speak evil of you. Don't be surprised if they hate you. And and he was saying all this and what's it doing? Testing their resolve whether or not they would follow him. &gt;&gt; Just as in that moment he was now arrested and being hauled off. What happened? The the disciples bailed. &gt;&gt; In Matthew chapter 16 24 Jesus following up even on this very example. He says to his disciples, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me." We've covered this self-denial this year. Matthew chapter 19 21. And Jesus said unto him, "If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor." You want to know why we're not perfect? Who's willing to sell? Who's willing to give? If you will be perfect, go sell what you have, give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. And come and follow me. He's saying over and over and over again, come follow me. This is Christ now. And if I could maybe just put it in the image of God being the composer, Christ being conducted, but now Christ becomes one who's conducting. And he's calling out and he's signaling. He's saying, "Follow my lead. Follow me. Do as I do. Such as I've done unto you, do unto one another." He's giving them an example. And he's showing them the heart of the father. He's revealing and interpreting the composition. He has this refrain over and over again. And I know that there's other verses and there's a repetition through the four gospels of these instances. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. John chapter 1 verses 43-50. Now there's a little bit of a change here and I want you to catch something. The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee and find Philillip and saith unto him follow me. We read that just a moment ago. Now Philip was of Bethadia, the city of Andrew and Peter. Philip finding Nathaniel and said unto him, "We have found him of who Moses in the law and the prophets did write." So this would be Deuteronomy 18. Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. What's happened here? God who wrote through the mouths of the prophets who had composed it in the law of Moses and gave these commandments has now sent his son Jesus Christ who has been conducted according to that composition and one witnesses the performance and the performance says follow me and now that he's following he goes and he finds Nathaniel and he says we have found the Messiah and Nathaniel says unto him can there can there any good thing come out of Nazareth. &gt;&gt; And we're all like, I want to read the Wikipedia on Nazareth. This is a pretty bad reputation. &gt;&gt; And Philip saith unto him, come and see. &gt;&gt; You notice notice how he's seeing this. He's thinking, I was told to follow and I followed. And so he's he's not going to do his own composition. He's not going to do his own song and dance there before Nathaniel and try to impress him and says, "All right, all right. Um, think of a number. Think of a number. Yeah, think of a number. I'm going to do what he's been doing. 17. And Nathaniel's like, "No." Uhuh. Not even close. I'm sorry. I meant to say between 1 and 20. There's a He's not going to try to do a gimmick. He's not going to try to blow his friend over. He says, "Come and see." &gt;&gt; There's even an element now where Nathaniel has to follow him. You following me? &gt;&gt; Follow him to come to Christ. And so as they're coming to Jesus in verse 47, it says, "Nathaniel coming to Jesus saw him and said, "Behold, an Israelite indeed in whom is no guile. I really want you to think deep about this." And I may have been forecasting this and signaling this a little bit, but what I've been studying may may be put off to next year on this particular way, but Deuteronomy 18 is very clear about people who read your mind. But yeah, the very one who fulfills Deuteronomy 18 is reading people's minds. &gt;&gt; That blows my mind. figuratively. So now he's reading his mind. He's discerning or he's knowing things about him. He seems to be somewhat of a a sorcerer. Behold, an Israelite in whom there's no guile. And Nathaniel said unto him, "Whence knowest thou me?" Jesus answered and said, "Before that Philip called thee when thou was under the fig tree, I saw thee." You don't have to give a show of hands, but how many have seen some of the episodes of Chosen? How many have been watched, binge watched it, waited till is it in the final season? I don't know. We know how the story ends, right? But I do remember one of the episodes in this particular example. I liked it &gt;&gt; because it added more depth to what Nathaniel's going through under the fig tree. We just think he's sitting there eating figs, right? Taking a nap. He's lazy. He's doom scrolling, right? And yet he's there wrestling things out. It's agonizing. It's a it's a moment for him that when the Messiah says, "I saw you." That means something to him because perhaps I can't remember this was this is five seasons ago. He he's there's this idea in his mind of something he's wrestling with and this pining and this desire and the fact that God saw him then &gt;&gt; it meant something to him. &gt;&gt; That's the way God works. And if you're trying to you're looking through your life and trying to find God, he might be in the very darkest moment. &gt;&gt; And that's when he can say, "I saw you there." And that's what this is about is I'm speaking to you now in such a way to say, "I saw you there." You go. Then in my sin, in my unbelief, in my disobedience, in my rebellion, in my worst mistake, and this thing I've been trying to outrun for years and I'm haunted by, he says, "I saw you then." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And have somebody knock on your door and tell you, "God's not true." &gt;&gt; You said, "How do you know he's real?" The worst thing in the world happened to me. This girl I was courting called me and said the best thing that had ever happened to her before to God her was her feelings for me went away. But in there you see and feel the love of God and know that he's with you. I'm still healing. But before Philip called thee, when you were under the fig tree, I saw thee. And this response, so just think about it. This response, Nathaniel answered and said unto him, Rabbi, thou art the son of God. Thou art the king of Israel. What? That must have been something powerful. &gt;&gt; And how did it happen? Jesus called Philillip heard Philillip being conducted finds Nathaniel and he doesn't try to he doesn't try to do anything other than come and see the performer &gt;&gt; come and see the one &gt;&gt; and there he does something he shows something that reaches the heart of Nathaniel and his response is you are the Messiah thou art the king of Israel and I love Jesus's response. There's a great depth here. He says unto him, because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, you believe. Isn't that amazing? And because he believed, he says, thou shalt see greater things than these. &gt;&gt; When you believe the voice behind the sign, you see greater things. &gt;&gt; This is what he's saying that come come and see. And exactly what Philip uh believed for happens because Nathaniel sees and when he sees his heart is opened up and he confesses faith and Jesus says you believe and having believed you will see greater things than these. Listen, if you shove aside God's manifestation and God's performance, if you shove aside the voice of Christ because you want to see greater things, you'll never see greater things because the foolish feed on foolishness. And the scorner will seek for truth and never find it. You've got could only see the greater things. You can only come to know God in greater ways when you receive the simple ways he's trying to make himself known. &gt;&gt; Come follow me. I want you to catch this element. It's very, very simple. Has such simplicity. I want to leave it with you as we'll try to close here in just a few moments. God is the composer. We speak of his will, his word, his plan, his predestinated plan, the plan of redemption. He's composed his will. It's played out. It's acted out. We read of it in the scripture. Though God has composed it written in his heart or in his mind, written in the sky and writes it out in the Bible. We all have all these different ways that we can say it, there must be a conductor. &gt;&gt; God did not just take the Bible and even in the sense where he just kind of left the script laying around in the days of Noah. And what's been happening ever since is Nimrod said, "Oh, that's what I need to be doing." People read say, "Well, I guess we need to build a tower." Uh that's not how it unfolds. God writes it and then there's leadership. There's a conducting and he uses an agency to collaborate with the performer. And what we're seeing already is that the performer can become another conductor where he's transferring energy to another who God has ordained to be a part of what the symphony, the composition. Follow me. When Jesus was saying follow me, it was the conductor who's acting according to the composition compelling disciples follow me. I I I have been mentioning this a lot. If it is just repetition, I hope that it's done in such a way to where it's still meaningful to you. But the hand signals and the movements that a conductor gives an orchestra, they're to follow that lead in that cue, &gt;&gt; is done for a purpose. So now the conductor knowing the composition, knowing what's coming, is compelling his disciples, follow me. And then the disciples had to have faith. Stay with me here. &gt;&gt; They had to have faith that they were being led by God's conductor according to the true composition. &gt;&gt; And each one of these instances, they're going to be tried on it. Follow me. Philip's going to follow. Peter, follow me. Andrew, follow me. Nathaniel, follow me. And Levi, follow me. And all these, follow me. At some point, they're going to have to have that faith that what they were following was the leadership of God &gt;&gt; in the Messiah as it was promised. &gt;&gt; They had to have faith that they were being led, conducted, following the signals of God's chosen vessel and that it was according to God's word. &gt;&gt; Likewise, we have to have that kind of faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a tremendous I really do want to be very careful how I say this, but uh there's I mean I know there's always these different sides in these different ditches that we can find ourselves in, but humanly we want to find a way and I think it's a very Catholic proposition. We want to be able to have somebody tell us that go light a candle and your sins are forgiven. We want to be able to say,"Well, I I've done this. I've gone on my mission. I've prayed these prayers. I've done all these things. I'm going to make it." We find our comfort in those kind of structures that give us some assurance of our eternal destiny. And there's a a level how this works even in some um churches that claim to follow Brother Brandham where there's a lot of emphasis on just believe God sent a prophet or just play the tapes. Whatever is said on those tapes, thus sayith the Lord, and you can believe that and you can just rest. A and that's that's you know that's where God is. Listen, that comes from weakness. &gt;&gt; It's a weakness &gt;&gt; because they want to take all the accountability of the leadership of God in their lives and say, "Oh, God's already God's already thought it and spoke it. That settles it." &gt;&gt; And and this is this is all that we can do is just acknowledge that he was the one. He was the one. He is the one. And now there's no responsibility on their part to perform &gt;&gt; according to the word that's been given. &gt;&gt; And so it comes from weakness and insecurity to prop up anything visible and carnal as a substitute for Holy Ghost leadership to do God's will. &gt;&gt; We have to have faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That we're being led. I trust that the the true nature of what I'm trying to express there can be caught as God would do so allow you to do so. Let me use this scripture from John chapter 6 verse 66 as we referenced it Sunday. Jesus doubling down. Many of his disciples were offended and they said, "Oh, I can't believe he says this. I can't believe he's saying this." A and Jesus rises up and one of the disciples says, "He's probably going to apologize." And Peter said, "Let him cook." And what did he say? "Oh, you think that offends you? That you think that's offensive? Let me cook." And what do you leaned into it? &gt;&gt; And when that happened, it says, "Many of his disciples went back and walked no more no more with him." Then Jesus said unto the 12, "You were following me and they were following me and I said, "Come to me and come follow me." And we had this kind of this good thing going. And there's been there was a lot of us just yesterday, thousands of people in our meeting. Now all these walk away and now he's talking to the 12 and he says, "Would you stop following me?" And here's Peter's magnumopus. He says, "Lord, to whom shall we go?" &gt;&gt; Who else are we going to follow? There was one thing he knew for sure is the blind lead the blind. And who could he walk away from? And who would he be fallen if he walked away? &gt;&gt; Thou hast the words of eternal life, and we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the son of the living God. I am determined to follow you. I am, we're not quite there yet. I am determined to follow you all the way. &gt;&gt; We know we I I am certain. You said follow me. I've been following. This is my life now. and everything's burning, Peter. The house is burning. He said, 'I'm fine. I'm gonna stay right here because I know thou are with me. &gt;&gt; I want to use this as my final scripture in John chapter 21 verses 15 to 22. This is Jesus after his resurrection be uh before he ascends as we read in other places in the Bible. He says, "So when they had died, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these." And he saith unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee." There was a tenderness to Peter by this point, I believe. Jesus says, "Feed my lambs." So there's this granting this opportunity to Peter to affirm his love. I love the symmetry of he denies him three times and he's given an opportunity three times to affirm his love. And each time Christ affirms a commandment, feed my lambs. He said to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? I imagine perhaps it didn't happen one after another. He saith unto him, Yay Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, feed my sheep. Peter is feverishly scribbling down with some charcoal on a tablet, remember to feed the sheep, feed the lambs. He saith unto him a third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? It pricks Peter's heart. And he's grieved because he said unto him a third time, lovest thou me? And he said to him, Lord, thou knowest all things. Thou knowest &gt;&gt; that I love thee. I knew somehow in my heart, thou art the Christ of the Son of the living God. You told me flesh and blood did not reveal this to me, but your father which is in heaven. My father which is in heaven hath revealed this to me. When everybody else walked away, I said I where else would I go? You alone have the words of eternal life. I thought I was willing to run with you into death and then I was exposed as a fraud. But yet you came to me in my brokenness in my darkness and in my great need and you made yourself known to me. Lord, you know all things. He says, "Feed my sheep." And then Jesus says this in verse 18 very beautifully. When thou were young, you gerted yourself. You dressed yourself. You walked wherever you wanted to walk. But when you get old, you'll stretch forth your hands. And another will clothe you and carry where you could not go. Notice the leadership now at the end of his life. When you were young, Peter, you were headstrong. You were so c certain and sure. Uh you you were going to do all these things. I know you're thinking about Peter and the chosen right now. The guy in the tank top. Maybe they were all in tank tops. The guy with muscles. Guy with the nice hair. The one who's got a marriage that's on the rocks. It looks like at times he's the one. He's saying, "You were so headstrong and sure of yourself, but now when you get older, another's going to carry you." &gt;&gt; It says he's signifying the death that he would die in his own crucifixion and how he would glorify God. And then he speaks this. He's kind of told him where he's been in this moment. You love me. You feed my sheep. And then Jesus says unto him, "Follow me." Isn't that odd? He'd already asked him to follow him. Been a few years now. He had walked with them. He'd drawn the sword for him. He had denied him. He'd witness him in the resurrection. He's spending these days with them. He's affirmed his love. He knows all things. Now he's telling him that he's going to the manner of death he's going to suffer. And he says, "Follow me." because that's the important part. God has a composition and it's conduct being conducted and you're the one being conducted. I think this fits a lot with what we preached on. It's in your moment that there's this sense that we have to follow the leader. &gt;&gt; Was a working title I had earlier this week is follow the leader. There's got to be some way that we see this is God's word, God leading. I'm the one that's performing. I want this word to be performed. Amen. &gt;&gt; And please focus with me in this closing remarks. Then Peter turning about seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following. So John following follow me. And John Pet John Peter sees John following. And so there still was a little that Peter was still in there and he goes which also lean on the breast at supper. And of course John's writing this and said Lord which is he that betrayeth thee and surprised he didn't say was leaning on his bosom. And Jesus whispered sweetly into his ear and trusted him above everybody else. But then in verse 21, Peter seeth him, saith to Jesus, listen, please focus on this, Lord, what shall this man do? He was worried in this moment, for some reason, he's worried about this man. You've told me this this prophecy, maybe this riddle that when I was young, I was headstrong and I clothed myself and I walked in my own strength, but when I get old, another is going to dress me and carry me when I couldn't. signifying that and maybe he sensed this is me in my old age or in my death and now he's worried about well what about this guy he's following you what about him and Jesus make says these words that I think that all of us should take into consideration at this very moment if I will if I will that he tried till I come what is that to you &gt;&gt; what is that to you follow thou me &gt;&gt; I want you to Take this to heart. What about this guy? What is that to you? &gt;&gt; Follow me. What about that group? What is that to you? Follow me. &gt;&gt; Should I follow them? No. Follow me. &gt;&gt; What about this decision? What is that to you? Follow me. &gt;&gt; Amen. If John was following Jesus, he had to follow in his own relationship his own inspiration in his own leadership being conducted by what he believed to be the conductor performing the will of the one that composed the will for his life. And Jesus say don't get distracted about everybody else's wills, everybody else's desires, everybody else's decisions. What is that to you? In other words, he's saying that shouldn't mean anything to you when it comes to what you need to do. The most important thing for you to do is follow me. &gt;&gt; And I say that to you tonight, each one of you. I say it as a a messenger of God. I say it as a servant of God. I say it in the same sense that Jesus meant it. What is that to you? &gt;&gt; Follow Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Follow him. &gt;&gt; Because God wrote this word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His holy spirit is conducting it. &gt;&gt; Amen. and he will perform that which he began in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, we we read it on Sunday. Just and faithful is he. He's begun this work and he will perform it. He will finish it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. It is God both in you. Not only to will, to desire, to believe, to inspire you, but to actually do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I hope that you can be excited about the things of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And not let the devil distract us. We say, "But but what about &gt;&gt; what about brother Mitch? He's making a million dollars now and he's able to go on an elk hunt and I didn't get to draw and what about these guys? They get to do this and these guys get You're all thinking about Brother Mitch is making a million dollars now. I I got to keep you on your toes. He's the one getting the Bitcoin in his wallet on Mondays." There's a I want you to think of this in the sense that there's a lot of things that can distract us. &gt;&gt; And it's not being dismissive of your brother, but he's wanting you to think, what is that to you? &gt;&gt; Does that change my commandment to feed my sheep? Is is that going to change whether or not you follow me? Are you going to get your eyes on John or will you follow me? &gt;&gt; Let's follow him. &gt;&gt; Let's go all the way. Let's follow him. If we could stand together, musicians coming to your instruments, if we could pray together tonight. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Rowan, for getting me through this. &gt;&gt; Will you follow him? &gt;&gt; Are you purposing your heart tonight to keep your eyes on him? &gt;&gt; He's the one that wrote it. He's the one that's leading it. And the Holy Spirit's wanting to work closely together with you, right? Collaborate, work with you to perform it. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight as we close this service, as we'll soon be dismissed, we're looking to you now as our heavenly father to continue to make your will plain to us that we could better understand the composition. We're taught in the message of the hour that if we're to know your will that we need to check it with the word is there anything in this composition that tells me what the key is that tells me what the tempo is that gives me some sort of signal of what the highest note is and what the lowest one that key note the lowest tone is going to be and how is this arranged and therefore we can look into the composition the word then ask that great comforter that Jesus said was to come that conductor the Holy Spirit and say, "Lord, is am I reading this right? Can you leading me according to this?" So help us, Father, to be composed, conducted, and your word be performed. For your will has been written beforehand. It was written in the heavens. It was through the stars. It's written in your word through the Bible through record of acts and events and then also prophecy and foreshadowing and types. Lord, it's in your heart, your very mind, which is a blueprint which is real and eternal. And as your Holy Spirit leads, may we, Lord, rejoice when another says they're feeling led, as hard as it may be, let us rejoice when another feels like they're finding leadership. Lord, it's been difficult as a young church when we experience families moving in and they're with us and wonderful families and beautiful children and such great many things to offer. And then Lord, you lead them to move maybe back home or to a different situation. And surely, Lord, there's a there's a part in our hearts that aches and hurts. But Lord, we rejoice in that because they're following you. [Music] Lord, our prayer would be as they follow you, they would be in that vein of Phillip. Come and see, not see Arizona Believers Church, but the one who's leading me, Christ. Lord, may may we even understand better the dynamics of how that you having written your word and this unseen conductor of the Holy Spirit still uses this agency of men who are performing your will and that the performer is often saying will you follow May we take some time over the next few days to pray about Rebecca's song in the scripture the decision that she faced As the will had been composed, the angel was going before conducting. And Eleazar stood there performing according to his your will, God's will, the father's will, Abraham's will. What was in Rebecca's heart as she's witnessing this performance. Lord, we choose right now to follow you. My prayer for my children, Lord, if they're listening in a special way that they would say, "Lord, I want to follow you." May be sensitive to your presence and your leadership in our lives. I ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
