################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-03 - The Key - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-03
Title:   The Key
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_5LCz3Fe9o
========================================

Description:
The Key
Wednesday Service: September 3, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Isaiah chapter 59 verse 10 and it says, "We grope for the wall like the blind and we grope as if we had no eyes. We stumble at noonday as in the night. We are in desolate places as dead men." What a statement. We grope for the wall like the blind and we grope as if we had no eyes. We stumble at noon day as in the night we are in desolate places as dead men. You can be seated. Just before I give you my title, I'd like to expound upon this just for a moment in terms of the we grow up like blind men. We've been reading a lot of scriptures lately on how they have eyes to see but they can't see or ears but can't hear, even uh a nose without uh the sense of smell or even mouths without breath in it. And so a lot of this is in that uh in that tuning or recognizing hearing the voice of God. But I'm wanting to draw more from the concept of good and evil. As we've been looking at, there is good, but then there's also evil. And God has planned things. It even says in the scripture, God hid the end from the beginning so that his way and his his purpose and his will is not easy to figure out, but it's hidden in his heart and he's got to reveal it. So, we see a lot of bad, we see a lot of good, but ultimately it's God's heart that's being revealed even in those difficult things and in those bad things that we experience. So, my title tonight is the key. We've been on the subject of music, so there's a little bit of a music emphasis here uh that we're wanting to still use, but I I the title is going to maybe shift you in a little bit of a different direction than maybe you're anticipating, but the key maybe a lot of other ways we could have phrased it, but I think this is a key title. I want to begin by looking at how that we are living and this is all maybe review for you but living in an evil day. The Bible even calls it the evil day. We could say it's characterized by gross spiritual darkness. And in the midst of all this spiritual darkness, there's this u intellectual enlightenment where man knows more now than he ever has before. He's being able to use information better than he has before. They're discovering things about the human body now with technology and analytics that they never had discovered before. They're even able to use these LLMs in such a way to where they can feed it with a bunch of data and they could come up with cures for diseases that they've been working on or treatments that they've been working on for decades and uh haven't quite been able to figure it out. but just through the the computing power and what we might say is now this this ability this intellectualism uh it's accomplishing things that have never been accomplished before. &gt;&gt; But yet we understand that despite what man is achieving by his intellect and his senses, there's still this great spiritual darkness. As Revelations 3:1 17 characterizes the church of of Leodysia, they say, the Bible says that they say that they're rich, increased with goods, and have need of nothing. And yet God's diagnosis is and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. So we've gotten our obligatory Revelations 3 reference out of the way at the very beginning. And so there must be some level of attainment, some measure of accomplishment for them to say rich, increase with goods, have have needed nothing, all their attainments and all the things that they wear and all the things that they have and all these great scientific and intellectual accomplishments. But yet God looks at them and there's this inverse to what they've achieved naturally. Think of this that what they've achieved by the flesh, there's this inverse that reflects in wretchedness, misery, poverty, blindness, and nakedness. &gt;&gt; However, they're full intellectually and physically and scientifically and by their own personal knowledge. There's this inverse level of debasement uh and emptiness and nakedness. So yes, things have never been better before in certain spheres, but as man has achieved things by his own senses, there's been this bankruptcy on the spiritual side. This is a time that the uh Bible declares or characterizes as darkness. I checked the doomsday clock this week. It's at 89 seconds to midnight. It's the closest it's ever been. Even closer than it was when it's when we were going through the pandemic. It's closer than it's ever been before since they started. It's 89 seconds to midnight. So, we're living in uh troublesome times, dark times. A lot of scriptures we could use. I'll use some that are maybe cliche, but in Isaiah 60:2, it says, "Darkness shall cover the earth." And it's not just a darkness upon the earth, but gross darkness, the people. What is this? The darkness of ignorance, the the darkness of superstition, the darkness of lies. And in the midst of all that, yet there's this uh uh these this darkness, the superstition, and even the lies, they're they're being recast as knowledge. It's been redefined as fact or or or characterized as an awakening, ignorance, lies, all sorts of things. But then they all they have to do is redefine it. We just accept the definition. That's how you know even with our language and we we say certain things and we use a language that can actually be used for the actual the inverse such as when we say we my head literally exploded. We're using literally figuratively. &gt;&gt; And so there's a way that all we have to do is just change our language a little bit and things that are one way immediately become another way. In Exodus 10 21, in the days of the Exodus out of Egypt by Israel, and the Lord said unto Moses, "Stretch out thine hand toward heaven that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt." This is that gross darkness that exists in the earth today and upon the people. It's just like this darkness was in the days of Egypt. Now, in our own time period, in our own day of judgment, there's a darkness that can be felt. And we, as we've been looking at through over the last couple months on good and evil and this darkness and this dissonance and all these things that exist around us, our lives are overwhelmed with that darkness. &gt;&gt; Our lives, we suffer. There's all sorts of distress around us and confusion. Darkness and evil surround us. &gt;&gt; And there could be a lot that could be said at this point, and I haven't really I didn't try to chart it out or make a list. Maybe I could have used AI to do it, but man's response to the darkness varies. Uh we could be paralyzed by it. We could try to fight it. We could just be frozen. There's a lot of different responses, but sometimes we just ignore it. Ignore the darkness. Or uh people scream into the void. They just yell at the darkness. Um others try to explain it or make sense of the darkness. There's all sorts of darkness around us, paradoxes, unexplainable phenomena, things that we can't quite figure out. uh even to the point where the Bible says it's going to come a time when men's hearts are failing for fear &gt;&gt; and there's certain things that can't be explained and certain things that get turned upside down and it's a so it's a time of great shaking and agitation and no doubt that 200 years ago on this day a a minister stood behind the pulpit and preached the exact same thing and it was true then and it's true now &gt;&gt; it's becoming more and more pronounced &gt;&gt; some of these elements that you'll find in the land today according to scripture in 1 John 4:1 beloved and and I'm going to highlight this a little bit uh not out of context but just zero in on one facet of this believe not every spirit but try these spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world this should tell us that there's a lot of spirits &gt;&gt; and in this quantity of spirits not all of them are God &gt;&gt; because there is only one God and he says there's many false prophets so this exists within the spiritual dark darkness that we live within be one thing if it was just spiritually dark and we're just all sincerehearted people on our own and we're trying to find that needle in the haststack called God and there were no other spirits or false prophets saying he's over there he's over there or I am he and all sorts of deception that would be a little bit more comforting because all someone would have to do is find the needle and say guys I found it and we could go and he could just feel it for ourselves but there's all sorts of things to cause this confusion in 2 Timothy 4:es 3 and 4 for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. That's true. &gt;&gt; But after their own lust shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears. So they're not going to be able to uh endure sound doctrine. So in doing so they'll want to fill that void. They when there's sound doctrine is going to rub on you. Good strong teaching is going to uncover. &gt;&gt; Where Christ is preached. Christ Christ preached brings a divide. He said that he does. And as much as we'd like to be able to preach a Christ that just kind of unites everybody and shapes us in certain ways and like this great game of Tetris where we can all find the way that we fit and then once we all find the ways that we fit after getting turned around all the everything just disappears and it's called the rapture when we've made every piece fit. No, God comes and he he actually brings a divide. There's a separation. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And so if you cannot endure sound doctrine, you will find something to fill the spot that sound good doctrine was trying to address or fill. &gt;&gt; So out of their own lust, they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears. There's a taste. There's something they want to feel. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned unto fables. There's heaps and piles of teachers. And in this, there's this unlimited number of fables and lies and myths that they begin to pile up. And no doubt they're not calling themselves teachers of fables, but teachers of truth, recasting these lies and these deceits as facts and truths. And so those people who can endure sound doctrine find a substitute for it and they put the label on it as truth. In Ephesians chapter 4:14, the very reason why the Holy Spirit speaks the word, and the truth is preached in love, it's that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the slight of men, and by cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in weight to deceive. There's all sorts of winds, pressures. There's all sorts of slights and faints and fake trickery, cunning craftiness where they lie and wait to deceive. There's a lot of things that come to try to shake us, &gt;&gt; to cause us as children. That would be the UN, maybe immature or unstable, cause us to be tossed to and fro by the winds, the slights, the craftiness. And what's the whole purpose? To topple us over and cause us to be deceived. &gt;&gt; My son Preston was trying to describe something here recently with just the things that maybe we're all experiencing, these things that attack us. A and he was just sharing his heart a couple weeks ago and he said he was telling my wife he said you know up here we're just being shaken. I could he just described up here we're being shaken. He goes but we're solid right here &gt;&gt; right? We're we're solid down here. We're certain some people don't have that. So it starts shaking they move and they shake and they move and then press just saw it as yeah there's a there's an agitation there's a a confusion. There's a heartache. There's things that happen up here, but then you realize I'm not being moved. &gt;&gt; I may be I may be wavering in in just in the buffeting, but my I'm solid. I'm on solid ground. &gt;&gt; And so there's all sorts of slights and uh things to come. We could call them voices, voices that are distractions, voices that are contradictions. &gt;&gt; We could say the word is preached, the word is preached, sound doctrine is preached, that truth is being spoken in love. Uh there's the spirit of God through a true spirit of prophecy. There's all things that we could lay out here in scripture. But then in the midst of all that in the good, there's the dissonant. There's the contradictions. There's these other voices. As Paul said in 1 Corinthians 14:10, there's so many kinds of voices in the world. &gt;&gt; And he says, none of them are without signification. In other words, they're all signaling something that there's a sound, there's an utterance. the sound waves go out as we've been talking about having a your ear tuned to God and a deaf ear to the devil. These all these things are sounding and if you're if you're not careful and you get untuned a little bit, you begin to tune in to those voices. That's what the algorithm is all about with Twitter and all these other social media platforms is they want to kind of finetune what you feed on so you can be tuned to it and they could cause you to act upon it. Isn't it amazing all the things you found out you really needed by virtue of um of the marketplace and and Twitter and you're like, "Man, I didn't know they were making such incredible cargo pants and wow, I didn't even know that there was a a knife out there that was an everyday carry that you can't live without." And there's all sorts of things and at the end of the day, it's marketing. So, I could spend all night talking about this darkness that exists and this darkness all around us, but let me just bring let me just say what's what asks the question. What's the way out of this madness? If we can accept this is a day of evil, we can accept there's voices. If we believe the Bible that there's darkness, well, where is the darkness? Well, it's all around us. What is the darkness? A lot of it's easy to identify, but in all this unsettling and moving and shifting, how can we find peace? Where is that? How do we know that we have solid footing? &gt;&gt; How do we know that we haven't just been swept so far off the off the mountain side that we're that the whole thing is moving? &gt;&gt; How can we find light? How do we know what's life is? How do we know what truth is? And I had originally was using a working title for this called the escape room. And I was afraid that I was going to get slapped with the cease and desist. And so I refrained from using that as a title, but uh I'm disappointed that my font didn't show through. That's on me. But in it seems very generic, but at least it's not comic sands. Uh in with an escape room, and it actually some of the young people went and did one this past week. Uh, but it's just a it's a How many here have ever done an actual what I'm referring to as an escape room as a themed adventure game. Okay, there's a lot of people here we'll get those amens out of. And in these the general premise is myself having never done it. So if I lose all credibility, stick with me. I can get to the things I have done here in a minute. But they where the players are locked so to speak in a room. And as you can guess, the concept or the idea is to escape the room. And it's not going to be by brute force. you're going to have to figure out a way out of this room. Some of us might just say, "These walls feel very uh weak. Why don't we just burrow through this with this chair?" But there's a way that you've got to get out. And as you if you really want to think about it, the escape room is an analogy of Satan's Eden. He has turned our lives into a an adventure themed, you know, a a game night where we're all stuck in this dark room and we He's saying, "Figure your way out." All the different fake things like, "Oh, look at this. This moves. I wonder if this is going to make it work." Or, "Oh, look. I found this. Maybe this is maybe there's a clue in this." And you're trying to decipher all sorts of things and figure everything out. It really is an analogy for Satan's Eden. And in this escape room, as many of you already know know better than myself, to escape you must solve puzzles. You got to find clues. You got to complete certain tasks. And it's all within a certain amount of time. Like you have an hour. You have 30 minutes. And if you don't finish it, you lose. And so there's certain keys that you might have when trying to figure out how to get out of the room. You might find an actual key that unlocks a lock or a padlock. You might find something that opens a box or doors. And then there's even keys throughout it that are pieces of information. might have a cipher that's something coded and then you try to decipher it. You find the key. This is how this is written or this is what this displays and this is what it's trying to signify. And when you're in the escape room and you know the clock is ticking and life isn't forever and you want to be able to find the meaning of life and find truth and secure your eternal destiny before the clock stops clicking ticking, you have to read the clues. You got to find the keys. And it requires some human creativity. What would you agree? If you're going to do a an escape room, you got to think how would a diabolical game room owner structure this in such a way to where there's a necessary enough tension and but yet release so that I come back again and I buy the membership. There's some creativity. There's some ingenuity. There's got to be some cleverness. &gt;&gt; You're not just going to be able to take go over the door and wiggle the knob and you know what is it? you know, twice this way, back this way, like the combination locks on our uh in high school that you can never remember or certainly if I was faced with one now, I have no idea. And so that might be all they need anymore for this generation who's never used one of those is do a combination lock. They never got out there. Here's the combination. Open the lock. And they don't know the way, the key to get it open. And that's this is this is I say this is an analogy of Satan's Eden because it's really what we've tried to do with the darkness is we've tried to uh get rocket ships that'll blast us off this earth and find something better and more durable. We've tried to use science to figure out the darkness, heal the darkness, chase away the darkness, um plate us in the midst of the darkness and maybe try to find some way out of it. But this is human ingenuity. This is science and education and cleverness and puzzle solving. But what about the spiritual confusion? If there are false prophets and many spirits that are not of God, and there's a darkness which may be felt, and there's all sorts of winds and slights and craftiness and lies and many voices, uh there's how do we how do we make our way and navigate that maze? How do we make sense of that darkness, remove the darkness, and see through the darkness? How how can we navigate the labyrinth and find our way through it? Maybe I could ask it this way. What is the key? There may be clues that are given to an escape room and you're you're relying upon your ability to connect things. It's all it's all according to your ability. That's right. &gt;&gt; Uh maybe there's luck involved. Who wants here just to admit that it was it's been luck that got you out a time or two? And we we hope for that when it comes to games of chance, when it comes to certain things in life. But if you don't if you don't know the key, as we could use it in a music sense, in a musical sense, you know what a what a key is. If you don't know the key, it's nothing but a cacophony of death. It's chaotic. I was playing the guitar today and I was looking at the chords and I looked at it and I thought it was I thought it was C. The chord it was written in C. And so I started playing in C and I'm like this these are not the right right chords at all. Of course, I was going to correct the world and let CCLI know that, look, I mean, I know this guy's a a great songwriter, but the chords he gave you aren't right because I'm playing this in C, and that's not the way he sounds when he sings it. And then I realize it's not in C, it's in G. And so, if you don't know the key, you can be all over the place. You ever heard of somebody on the piano try to find the crack that someone's singing in? They're all over the place, but then all you say, "I'm in F." Immediately, they know right where to go, &gt;&gt; or they can get you an F if you need to be there. And so if you don't know the key, then it's this it's just chaos. But instead of that symphony of life in Proverbs 21:16, it's borrowing from the this analogy of darkness in this escape room, it says, "The man that wanderth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead." So there must be understanding to make your way. If you wander out of the way of wisdom and righteousness and understanding, then you're going to remain in the congregation of the dead, those that have have come from the ground and will return to it without any hope of something further. In Luke 11:52, he said, "Woe unto you lawyers, for ye have taken away the key of knowledge." And all the lawyers said, "Amen. Woe unto you lawyers, for you have taken away the key of knowledge. Ye have entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in, ye hindered." Isn't that just like the skeptic, the hypocrite that they don't want to go in, but they try to take away your key of understanding and knowledge and keep you from going in? I don't want to go there. &gt;&gt; I have no desire to go there. I wouldn't want to do that. Instead of themselves just reckoning they can't see or they don't know or they don't want to enter in, they try to take away the key of understanding. They themselves not having any understanding and not wanting you to enter in, they'll try to keep you from entering in. A key is an instrument for opening a lock. As you've already alluded to it in a musical sense, it's the relationship that centers on a given tone. &gt;&gt; When you know the key, then you know what the relationships are among the the key as in being that that tone, that spec specific tone, then you know what these others are supposed to relate to. If you know it's C, then you know there's not these there's not the sharps and flats. If you if you know the relative minor is a minor, there's certain things that you could know by knowing the key. You can rule out certain things. If you're trying to figure out where it goes, if you know the key, you're like, well, I know it doesn't go there because that's not even possible. &gt;&gt; Change the key and all of a sudden it changes. This is a possibility. These sharps and flats enter back in and and they're they're a possibility. So if you don't know the key that that that the way of opening understanding and catching the symphony &gt;&gt; then you're still lost. &gt;&gt; You got to know the key in order to understand the relationship of certain things. In Job 12 25, Job is speaking about God in these prior verses and it's really really powerful. I thought about reading almost the whole thing as he begins to just talk about God and what he can do. And he talks about how God confounds humanity that they grow up here in verse 25. They grow up in the dark without dark without light and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man. Not physically intoxicated, but they just don't know their way. &gt;&gt; They grope in the dark without light. It's what Isaiah says in chapter 59:10. We grow up for the wall like the blind. And we grow up as if we had no eyes. Trying to find the wall. Trying to know what measures and boundaries are. Trying to find the wall to maybe make your way to the door to try to get out of the darkness that you're in. But we grow up as if we had no eyes. We stumble at noonday as in the night. We are in desolate places as dead men. Why? Because we've wandered out of the way of understanding. In in Isaiah 59, it's because of disobedience. for rejecting truth. When you reject it, all that's left is blindness. And you'll grope along the wall like the blind. I I'm searching for the door knob. What are you doing? Why are you doing that? I'm searching for the doororknob. Where is it? I I don't know. I'm just searching for it. And you're and and and you're just looking in the room saying, "Well, okay. I thought you knew where it was, buddy. Door's open. You're not going to be able to find a doororknob. The way's been made. &gt;&gt; I have eyes to see. I'm going to keep going. And you can you can search all you want for this key out of here, but you'll do so you'll stagger like a drunken man. In Deuteronomy 28:29, as the consequence of disobedience to the the written word, and they shall grope at noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways. One of the words and phrases used maybe in old times early 1900s was progging where you just you take a key and you're just trying to trying to make it fit. It's why uh when there's you try to use a well maybe we can all proging is what you try to do when you try to plug in your USB cable without seeing it. You progue, right? You're trying to plug something in and you can't see. You're just constantly doing it. You turn it over. You're trying to do it again. It just won't fit. It's be like USBC. No matter which way you turn it, it works. But there is a grop in at noonday. The blind grope in darkness, and they're not successful in their endeavors. They shall be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save thee. In other words, this is an oppression that's not physical. This is an oppression that's not elemental. This is not an oppression that has to do with uh um altitude so that you can move to the valley and and get over the altitude sickness or move up a little bit higher to where it's a little bit cooler. There's no escape for this kind of darkness and blindness. &gt;&gt; This is the evil day that we're living in. Then in Hebrews chapter 2:es 1 to4, a little bit of a different uh maybe just moving a little bit further here. So if I'm using this thought of being chained or bound, groping in darkness, unable to see in this escape room as it were, and we want to find our way out, it says, "Therefore, we ought to give more earnest heed to the things which we have heard." Chapter one kind of sets this up a little bit, how that the gospel can be preached, but if it's not mixed with faith, it will not profit you. So he says, "We ought to give an earnest heed to the gospel which is preached, lest at any time we should let these things that we have heard, let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense of reward, so if the words of angels were made plain, and there was a consequence for not observing them, how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation? This is the salvation which is by Jesus Christ alone, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him. This is a clear reference to Jesus Christ. God also bearing them witness both with signs and wonders and with diverse miracles and the gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. How will one escape when the word is preached and God confirms it with signs and wonders and yet you don't hold to it and you let it slip. Think of this that when God has not only uh spoken by way of those who have heard him and even if we use Ephesians 4 and other manners that we could say that the spirit would speak and God bearing witness in your own life with signs and wonders and miracles. &gt;&gt; How many could testify tonight by show of hands that God has witnessed his presence in your life through a miracle? &gt;&gt; God is clearly establishing his presence with you. Maybe using something to make himself real. He says, "When God has done all this, if we were to neglect this great salvation that's being presented, he's saying, how can we escape?" &gt;&gt; When God is doing more now than maybe he did then to declare Jesus Christ because then we could say, "Well, in the Exodus, it was signs and wonders and miracles and a prophet, but now by his own son, he's speaking." And if we reject that, how are we going to escape if they don't escape having rejected just angels? Jesus says it this way. I believe it's kind of a similar thought in Luke 21 34-36. And take heed to yourselves. Listen, anytime your hearts be overcharged with surfing, I think we could change that to surfing. &gt;&gt; Doom scrolling. This isn't to the the bros in the bro sphere who like to ride waves. So, it's not that kind of surfing. It's just the doom scrolling. Right? &gt;&gt; And when you look at what that surfing means, it it it literally is that being carried away &gt;&gt; and you're carried in something. You're you're being surfed away to be snared away from truth. So take heed to yourselves. We say, "Well, take heed more earnest heed to the things that you've been you've been hearing." Now he says, "Take heed to yourselves so that your heart does not become overwhelmed with this surfeting and drunkenness and cares of this life. Will that day come upon you unawares? It's going to be a time when time's up. Going to be a judgment time. There's going to be a revealing. There's going to be an unfolding. And what are the dangers? That you're not taking heed to the gospel which has been preached. And you're not taking heed to yourself to realize that your heart is being overwhelmed through the cares of this life in inappropriate intoxication. This influence that drives you. this dull doom scrolling, this infatuation with sequels and prequels, a and certain genres of things. There's people that care more about the genres in the world than the gene of God that's inside of them. &gt;&gt; And they're wanting to always read the next book. And they're always wanting to uh uh, you know, buy this and buy that. And you say, "Well, are you preaching against reading books? Stick with me." No, I'm not preaching against reading books. But you ought to take heed to what you read &gt;&gt; because as the water that pours into the ground and nourishes a seed, so does the spirit of the author nourish your heart when you read their books. &gt;&gt; And that's how we get caught up on fiction and fantasy and things that aren't real. That's why we begin to have an ear for the fantasy, right? And the fiction over the truth. And we don't we don't realize it, but we've been completely detuned. We want something fantastic. &gt;&gt; He says be for as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Watch ye therefore and pray always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and to stand before the son of man. Now, this puts a lot of pressure on us. We got to take heed to ourselves. I want to be sure that my heart's not being overwhelmed because there's going to be a snare of surfing and drunkenness and cares of this life that are going to come upon man that I'm going to be able to recognize the signs of his coming. Not going to be able to recognize uh the signs of darkness. So, he says, "Watch ye therefore." Then he gives us some clues. Pray that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and stand before the son of man. So, there is a a question. Can we be worthy to escape? It says, "Pray." Okay, pray. I'm going to pray that I'll be counted worthy. But, you know, I I pretty much promise you that if you just think praying is going to make you worthy. If you're really sincere, you're going to start saying, "Well, then how do I pray? &gt;&gt; Do I just merely pray that I'm worth worthy? And if I'm praying that I'm worthy to escape, how am I going to know that I escaped? How do I know that I'm not just dumbing myself down? How do I know I'm not just doom scrolling religiously?" But he says that we can conduct ourselves in such a way that we may be counted worthy to escape. 1 Thessalonians 5:es 1:3 it says, "But at the times and the seasons, brethren, you have no need that I write unto you." And and I and I could have just imagine maybe somebody reading that said, "Uh, is this a game of clue? I I don't know that I know just exactly what's the what's the game we play? Is it chameleon or something like that where there's a bunch of words, everybody knows what it is, but there's somebody in the group that doesn't know the the they don't have the key to cipher the grid and so everybody kind of gives a one-word clue and they just kind of pretend. Yeah, we know the times and seasons. Yeah. You know, things coming out of the air. Yep. You know, you dress appropriately and you just start being very generic about the times and season. But it says, you know, I have no need to write you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. Okay, now that's that that I think that should be somewhat concerning. Jesus said that we got to take heed to ourselves lest we become overwhelmed and the day of the Lord come and this time come where we're so completely overwhelmed with the darkness that we're unable to catch the light. So he says pray that you may be kind of worthy to escape. He says, "We need to know perfectly that the day of the Lord comes as a thief in the night, unannounced, &gt;&gt; hidden, secretly, &gt;&gt; where the only the only knowledge that you have that he's come is when you experience the loss of him having visited without being known." &gt;&gt; For when they shall say, "Peace and safety," then sudden destruction cometh upon them as a travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. one class of people deemed worthy to escape. It says, "Pray that you be deemed worthy." Perhaps they take heed to themselves and their hearts are not overcharged or overwhelmed with the intoxications and the inappropriate hack of modesty and the cares of this life and they find themselves able to recognize the day of the Lord. And therefore, they're counted worthy to escape. But there's those that are going to be left behind. Borrow Brother Lehee's book of his title of his book. They're going to be left behind. Now, I'm wanting this to get a bit uh to shed more light in this sermon. You go get to the key, brother Aaron. It's the key of G for Jesus because the way of escape from darkness and death is promised in the scripture in this escape room in this labyrinth and all this religious menagery that's all around us. Did you know there's not just one Christian religion? There's not just one Protestant religion. There's 10,000 Christian different denominations. Maybe just Protestant ones. &gt;&gt; So there's this is a lot of voices. &gt;&gt; But the Bible tells us there going to there's going to be a key. There's got to be a key. So I can figure this out. Religion has become a cipher. Religion's become a labyrinth. It's coded. They have special phrases they use. They have certain secret handshakes. And those who belong to the Illuminati, you know, they know exactly what one another are thinking. And they have all these secret tunnels that they travel. And and I'm just joking right now, but some people really believe in it. But in Psalms 107:es 10 to14, such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, being bound in affliction and iron because they rebelled against the words of God and condemned the counsel of the most high. So what? Why are they in bondage? Why are they in the labyrinth, the maze, the dungeon? Why are they in in darkness, in the shadow of death, being bound in chains and affliction of iron? Because they rebelled against the word. They disregarded the most high. When God made himself known, they chose not to regard him as God. They may have called him a deity. They may have called him a god, but they didn't recognize that there was a one true God making himself known. And they chose not to retain him in this knowledge or seek the truth of him, their own imaginations. They condemned the council of the most high. Says, "Therefore, he brought them brought down their heart with labor. They fell down and there was none to help." This is a hopelessness. It says, ' Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses. Take heed to yourselves. Recognized recognize when you're in a in affliction and iron. Recognize when your own rebellion and your contempt for God has brought your heart low and there's none that can help you. So that in your distress, you can cry to the Lord and he can save you. And it says in verse 14, he brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death and break their bands and sunder. &gt;&gt; Those that sat in darkness, those that were under the shadow of death, those that were in prison, he broke the chains. And that's why the verse 15 says, "Give praise to the Lord &gt;&gt; for when we were in prison." When we were in darkness and and there was none that could help us and we had rebelled ourselves and we had sinned against the most high. He brings them out of darkness in the shadow of death. And he breaks the chains that bind them. In Isaiah 42:es 1-7, behold my servant whom servant whom I uphold, mine elect, and whom my soul delightth. I have put my spirit upon him. He shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles. He shall not cry nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street. A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flack shall he not quench. He shall bring forth judgment unto truth. He shall not fail nor be discouraged till he has set up judgment in the earth and the isisle shall wait for his law. Thus saith God the Lord. He that created the heavens and stretched them out. He that spread forth the earth and that which cometh out of it. He that giveth breath unto the people upon it and spirit to them that walk therein. I the Lord have called thee in righteousness and will uphold thine hand and will keep thee and give thee for a covenant of thy people for a light of the Gentiles to open the blind eyes to bring out the prisoners from the prison and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house the dungeon prison house an enclosure an escape an escape room that you can't get out of and this is not to the Jews is this is to the Gentiles. This is the mystery of the Old Testament. This is the mystery of God. In the Old Testament, it wasn't a mystery that God had chose Israel. In the Old Testament, it wasn't it wasn't a mystery that God was with the with Israel. Even the heathens testified to it. The mystery of God is the relationship he prophesied to the Gentiles. And here he's saying, "I'm going to open the Gentiles eyes. I'm going to bring them out of prison. And those that sit in darkness will bring out of the prison house. The way out of this prison house is Christ. &gt;&gt; That's what's spoken of in Psalm. That's what's spoken of in Isaiah 42. &gt;&gt; Christ is the key. &gt;&gt; Christ is the only key out of darkness. &gt;&gt; You can say, "Well, I believe divine healing is." Okay, divine healing. But what is a divi a divine healer if you don't know Christ? It's the only reason we are are healed is through Christ. &gt;&gt; So I I I just I just want blessings from God. I want him to bless me. Okay, get the blessings. Get the gifts. Get the outpourings. But Christ is the only key. He's the only way out of the darkness. He's the only one out of Plato's cave. He's the only one to make make sense of all the sophist. He's the only way to dispel all the shadows. He's the only way to know the truth from a lie. He's the only one who can get you out of error. Amen. &gt;&gt; If we want to know peace, you got to know Christ. You want to know truth, you have to know Christ. &gt;&gt; I'll even say this and we'll come to it in a minute. If you want to find God, you're going to have to find Christ. &gt;&gt; In First John 4:es 1-3, "Beloved, ble not every spirit." We read this earlier. So, we know there's a lot of spirits. But try these spirits whether they are of God because there's a lot of ungodly spirits. It must be tried because many false prophets are gone out into the world. And he says, "Hereby know ye the spirit of God." So now he's going to give us a a key, so to speak. There's false spirits, false prophets, and and this is how you're going to know the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus has come in the flesh is of God. That seems very simple. &gt;&gt; Very simple. So we just want to ask, can you confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh? And you could say, I confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh. And we say, I say you're of God. Right? and and and do the spirit bay on them and say, "You've got it, man. You've got the spirit." It sounds as if it's that easy, but what it's saying is that and every spirit, verse three, that confessth not that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is not of God. And this is that spirit of antichrist wherever you have heard that it should come and now even now already is in the world. So there is a spirit of antichrist that will deny Christ in flesh. Not just deny Christ, but deny that he's come in flesh, &gt;&gt; deny the living reality of Christ, &gt;&gt; in other words, we could come up with compendiums of documents in every language and actually be able to tap in to the sound waves in this world and use science and technology that recreates an actual image, live image by tri time travel of Jesus of Nazareth performing miracles and everyone could agree that Jesus Christ had come and was in the flesh. But that wouldn't be proof that it's the spirit of God. It's the living reality that Jesus Christ, which is the word of God that makes God present, is in flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Where is he? &gt;&gt; How can we know him? Wouldn't you want to know him? Jesus Christ is in flesh. &gt;&gt; But if they confess not, that's Antichrist. If anyone tells you that Jesus Christ is not in flesh today, that's Antichrist. &gt;&gt; I'm just reading the Bible. I maybe I should soften that up a little bit from the the New Amplified version. It's possible somebody who says Jesus Christ is not in the flesh that they use different terminologies such as quadbinary messiahs. And it's like, oh, okay, that doesn't make sense. But does that mean eight? I'm confused. And it might just completely try to change the picture picture. But the Bible's very specific. If you don't believe Jesus Christ is in flesh, and that's the challenge. If you believe he's in flesh, wouldn't you want to get close to him somewhere? &gt;&gt; Wouldn't you want to know where he was? Where he's manifesting himself, where he's making himself known &gt;&gt; where the spirit of God is. &gt;&gt; Christ is the key. Can we agree? I want us to agree right now. I'm not going to hold you to this. We're not taking pictures. We're not going to use facial recognition. So if one day you deny Christ, you just be able to bring it up, start posting spam in your wall on Facebook, here you are September 3rd, 20-25, saying, "I believe in Jesus." But we can agree Christ is the key. &gt;&gt; Just by reading the Bible, anyone should be able to intellectually conclude that Christ is the key. &gt;&gt; Isaiah 22:22, "And the key of the house of David will lay upon his shoulder. So he shall open and none shall shut and he shall shut and none shall open. It's what I try to teach my children. If I shut something, don't open it. If I open it, don't shut it. And I realize real quick, I don't have that kind of key, right? I turn on a light, next thing I know, someone comes in, turns it off. I open the blinds, next thing I know, someone comes in, rolls down the blinds. I'm like, what am I? To borrow the words of brother Andy Snow, what am I? Chop liver? You know, it's like it just I I want it a certain way and it doesn't happen. But Christ is the one who has a key that if he opens it, none can shut it. And if he shuts it, none can open it. &gt;&gt; That's quite the key. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Revelations 1:18 says, "I'm he that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive forever more." Amen. And have the keys of hell and death. &gt;&gt; Christ is the key. &gt;&gt; All right. So now, let's just say we all have the key. We can at least write it down. Christ is the key. He was given this key. This government, this power lays upon his shoulder. He has the keys to hell and death. We can all have this key. But listen, listen to me very carefully. All of us, young people especially, brother Ben, you're even you're old enough to get this. And let me have your hair, please. I ask him every time I see him, save that for me somehow. Beautiful hair. But you can't use this human knowledge like you would in a human escape room. We We could treat the Bible as if we found we've unlocked the key. Well, it's Jesus Christ. All you got to do is take this chair, orient it this way, and then when you sit in it, you'll be able to see the shadow of the grandfather clock, and it's going to show you what number you need to push on the keypad, and boom, we're out. It doesn't work that way. &gt;&gt; You can know the key just by reading the scriptures. I can prove to you absolutely without a shadow of doubt that Christ is the key according to certain scriptures. Somebody might turn right around and say, "Nope. Uh-uh. Paul made that up. Twist it another way and turn it another way." But even if Christ is the key and you believe he's the key, biblical intellectual knowledge isn't enough. &gt;&gt; Second Corinthians chapter 3:6, "Who also hath made us able ministers of the New Testament, not of the letter, but of the spirit. For the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life." &gt;&gt; Christ is the key. He's the one that has the power to open and shut. &gt;&gt; He's the one that has power of hell and death. Christ is the key. But there's a different deeper element than just knowing the fact that Jesus Christ is the son of God. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians 12:es 2 to three. Ye know that you were Gentiles. I love this. All the Gentiles here. Really lean into this tonight. Ye were Gentiles carried away under these dumb idols even as you were led. &gt;&gt; Using dumb there in a manner which not necessarily we like to use it with each other, but they couldn't speak. They had no life. Wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God calleth Jesus a cursed. So the spirit of God confesses that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh. If any man says that he has not come in the flesh that is antichrist. &gt;&gt; They're to deny him in the flesh in the days of in the days of his earthly ministry clearly antichrist. But just to accept a historical Jesus doesn't make you the spirit of God. I give you to understand that no man speaketh by the spirit of God and call that Jesus a curse and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Everything changes now. &gt;&gt; You can say Jesus Christ is Lord because your Sunday school teacher told you that. You can say thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. But you may just be saying it because you heard the demons that were cast out of Peter's mom say it. You could just be repeating what somebody else said or just repeating what you've been taught. But you don't know know Jesus Christ is the Lord except the Holy Ghost in you can say Jesus Christ is the Lord. &gt;&gt; That means we can know things as Christians that are beyond what they know by science, what they know by academics, what they know by intellectual study, &gt;&gt; what they know by academic endeavor. They must, if they're intellectually honest, admit that they could be wrong. &gt;&gt; No matter how much microfish they read, no matter how much they study and how much they tear things apart, if they're intellectually honest, what they have gained by human research, by human effort, by mathematics and calculation, if they're being honest, they could say, "But I could be wrong." &gt;&gt; Exactly. But if you know that Jesus is the Lord by the Holy Ghost, it's absolutely impossible for you to be wrong because God has revealed himself to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's &gt;&gt; right. In Luke 10:es 21 to 20 and 22. In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit and said, "I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent and hast revealed them." This is a dirty word to a lot of people. Revealed them unto babes. They don't believe in revelation. &gt;&gt; Even so, father, for it seemed good in thy sight. They want you to be they want to create a formulas in this exodus so you can look in the scripture, look at it historically, look at its original meaning. It's like it's the constitution. And they want to have a a panel of nine justices that are going to go in and look at originalism and original intent and tell you and make a decision. This is what he meant. But Jesus is saying, I haven't I I don't do it that way. I don't do it by consensus. &gt;&gt; It's revealed. &gt;&gt; This is what pleases God. Verse 22. All things are delivered to me of my father. That father is God. The one that stretched out the heavens, as Isaiah said, the one that spread the earth. All these things are delivered to me of my father. And no man knoweth who the son is, but the father. This is in your red letter. Okay, this is in the red letter. How many times have you been trying to witness to somebody and they and you and you're reading black scriptures and they're like, "Ah, I want to see it in the red letter." Right? A lot of people want to see it in the red letter and it would make for a very small Bible. But this is Jesus saying, "No man knows who the son is but the father." So that's an exclusive knowledge &gt;&gt; between the two. And no one knows who the father is but the son. So now you have created exclusive knowledge. The father to the son and son to the father. Nobody else knows and he to whom the son will reveal him. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; There is one God who revealed himself through his son and they have a oneness that nobody else can know though he's there in flesh. When you've seen me you've seen the father but there's this mystery that's there but he says but those the only one who will know the father the only way that you can know the father is through the son Jesus Christ when he reveals the father to you. Right. &gt;&gt; No one knows God except Jesus Christ, the son of God, reveals him. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ reveals the father. You can only know God by revelation. &gt;&gt; Who here believes in God? Raise your hands. This isn't easy. I like that, right? You cannot truly know God except by revelation. &gt;&gt; I just asked the Christian audience, how many here knew God? You all raised your hands and you we're all thinking of the same one most likely. You could ask a billion people in China if they believe in God. And you could have a a billion hands raised and there might be a half a billion gods they believe in, &gt;&gt; deities, spirits, powers, a god. Do you realize science has even evolved enough and they're starting to finetune some of their beliefs to where they kind of hedge a little bit and they hedge and and they and they have their gods, they have their idols and they have their well, you know, we can't actually prove there is no god. You're forcing us to prove a negative and that's not fair. We don't want that's you can't do that. You can't make us do that. So we will we will just suspend inquiry and as to whether or not there's a god and just say could be the god of gravity, the god of the boom, whatever it is. They they say they say, "Well, we'll just put it there." But to know the one true God, &gt;&gt; it takes a revelation. &gt;&gt; Christ is the key then. But this is my I'm not looking at my clock. Okay. All right. See where we are now. It's getting late. Christ is the key, &gt;&gt; but you can only grasp him by faith. He's got to reveal himself to you. So when he reveals the father to you, it's not that you know he's kind of like this pass through like an LLC where you know the it's going to just pass right through that to you and you're going to be taxed, but he's the one that reveals the father. So it's through Jesus Christ, he has to be grasped, seen, known by revelation. So if you have the key, which is Christ, the only hand that can hold and operate that key is faith. &gt;&gt; We could all we could get everyone to agree that this Bible is the word of God. You believe in God. You believe in God. You believe in God. You believe in God. Okay. B God wrote this Bible. This is the key. This is the absolute. There's one true God. He wrote the Bible. And this is the key. The Bible is Christ. The only way to operate it, use it, know it, make it truly beneficial to you is to be able to hold it with a hand of faith. &gt;&gt; If you still hold it with intellect and knowledge and study and languages and all sorts of things, now you may be fiddling around with the key, but you're still progging in the darkness. &gt;&gt; You're taking a key and trying to make it fit somewhere, and you don't even know how to use it or even to hold it. &gt;&gt; Faith is the only hand that can hold the key. Amen. &gt;&gt; In Hebrews 12:es 22- 26, Paul describing where they were in that beginning, the genesis of the gentile church. You've come unto Mount Zion under the city of the living God, a heavenly Jerusalem, to an innumeral company of angels, to the general assembly, and the church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the judge of the all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect, and to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better things than that of Abel. See that you refuse not him that speaketh. So who's going to speak? Jesus Christ. Refuse him not. If they refused angels, how can we think that we can escape if we refuse this great salvation? See that you refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that speak spake on earth, much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven. He says whose voice this is prophecy whose voice then shook the earth and now he promis pro promised saying yet once more I shake not the earth only but also heaven. How can you escape if you refuse him that speaks? You can't. Jesus Christ is the key. How can you escape if you reject him? Ephesians chapter 1 12-14. I have a lot of scriptures here to use and maybe I should be using more and I trust that on a Wednesday night there's just an experience group that can fill some of these things in. He said that we should be to the praise. This is Paul's desire for this church at Ephesus that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ. So there's a trust in whom ye also trusted after that you heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation. So the gospel of salvation instigates this trust. in whom also after that you believed you were sealed with the holy spirit of promise. So through this mechanism of gospel being preached, Christ this media of the new covenant whose voice now speaketh and speaketh better things, this great salvation, when you heard the gospel of your salvation, when you believed upon it, you're sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. And that seal is the earnest of our inheritance under the redemption of the purchased possession under the praise of his glory. And that's all by faith. When he says by faith, by grace are you saved. By faith you're saved. And that's a gift. And this grace and this faith working together for salvation. It's by faith &gt;&gt; which is a gift of God. &gt;&gt; You can't turn it around and say, "But yeah, then this here is a different trust. This is a different experience. It's the same experience." Says it this way in Colossians chapter 2, I believe speaking to the general thought as to we've been saying take heed and think upon these things. He says, "As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord," how can you receive him? by faith &gt;&gt; by personal revelation. So walk ye in him. This is that continued experience. This is why you say take heed. Don't let your hearts become overwhelmed. Rooted and built up in him and established in the faith as you have been taught, abounding there and with thanksgiving. This is that this is that anchor. I'm rooted in him. &gt;&gt; No matter what's happening up here, I'm rooted in Christ, &gt;&gt; grounded in him. I need to be built up in him. I need, as I've been taught, Christ Jesus the Lord. Then he says in verse eight, "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit." That's to lead as a slay away from truth. Spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world. These are the things that you got to watch out for. Philosophy. Philosophy asks the questions and they're not even sure themselves of the answer because it's always going to be posed with the little inflection. Could it be that we're all brains in a vat? Could it be we're just all living out of program? Could it be that the matri matrix is real? And it's always there's always this inflection on the end. They can they can't tell you truth &gt;&gt; if he's a real philosopher. &gt;&gt; They're they're they're trying to uncover and discover and piece things together. They're in their own escape room. &gt;&gt; Philosophy, vain deceit, selfish deceit. They have something to gain by it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Traditions of men, rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. The way he phrases this to me is so remarkable. Beware lest someone leads you away from truth as a slave through philosophy, deceit, tradition, and root worldly rudiments instead of spoiling you through Christ. &gt;&gt; Beware when they use everything else but Christ &gt;&gt; to lead you away. Beware when all they can do is fogg you with philosophy, batter you with vain deceit, raise up questions of traditions of men, and use only the rudiments and the abilities of the world instead of revealing to you Christ pointing to Christ and Christ being the one that makes you a love slave. Beware of any man. Beware of me if I ever try to use something else &gt;&gt; to lead you than to spoil you with the love of Christ. to lead you away from worldly rudiments, lead you away from vain deceit, lead you away from philosophy and tradition, all by Christ. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians chap 10 6 to15. I I I I'm preferring some sort of uh approval to continue. I'm desiring this. Uh and so you just express it some way or another either by just complete silence and leaving. And you're going to maybe someone's going to test me on that. All of a sudden, somebody stands up like, "Well, we voted. You're the only one that left, so we'll just stay." Says, "Notice this." Now, 1 Corinthians 10, starting with verse 6 to 15. Now, these things were our examples, things examples of people who fell away to the intent that we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. God manifested himself. He revealed himself signs and wonders. They had testimonies. &gt;&gt; God did this. God did this. God this God preserved me here. I stayed faithful. I did this. I made it. I made it. I made it. I made it. It says, "Then they fall away because of lust." Lust for evil things. That's what the Bible says. Says they should be an example to you. Neither be you idolattors as were some of them. As it is written, the people sat down to eat and drink and rose up to play. Neither let us commit fornication as some of them committed. Now these are really good principles. And fell in one day three and 20,000. Neither le let us tempt Christ as some of them also tempted and were destroyed of serpents. Look at this Exodus wherein God made himself known. In Exodus it said there's a darkness that being felt. It said the Israelites had light in their dwelling. &gt;&gt; And the very people who experienced absolute light in the midst of absolute darkness eventually just kind of forgot all about that. &gt;&gt; And doubted and wanted to go back to Egypt. &gt;&gt; Neither murmur ye as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. Now all these things happen unto them for examples and they are written for admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. It was written for you, brother Martin. You &gt;&gt; right. All of you. It's written for us. They told us the story of the Exodus and the signs and wonders and miracles to recognize that many people can start. But if there's something the Bible Hebrews said, not being mixed with faith, it never profited them. &gt;&gt; So it says, "Wherefore let him that tinkketh he standeth take heed lest he fall." &gt;&gt; Listen to this. Take heed if you think you stand &gt;&gt; if you think you can stand in the middle of Satan's eating the the the god of this evil age's great escape room and you figured it out and I'm going to bird dog this. I think I found a little bit of breadcrumbs here. I'm going to bird dog this. I'm going to find that. I think I could figure my way. I've been banging around in this escape room for 50 years and I've got it memorized like the back of my hand. And you think you're going to be able to figure out? He says take key lest you fall. That's right. &gt;&gt; That that's a clear stark warning. &gt;&gt; But the next sentence to me is so rich because you think this is a tremendous rebuke. Listen, you who are going to you're going to sit down to be idolattors. You're going to be those that commit fornication. You're going to be those that tempt Christ. You're going to be those that murmur. And these are examples so that you don't fall away. And you that think you stand, take heed lest you fall. Hey, read the next verse. There hath no temptation taken you but such as common to man. &gt;&gt; Listen, when we are tempted, we are tempted like everyone else is tempted. &gt;&gt; And when men fall to temptation, &gt;&gt; it's a temptation you're subject to. &gt;&gt; Be careful. If you see somebody wanting to go, you know, falling away and you can have all sorts of hot sports opinions about the people who make decisions that you wouldn't make. Be careful. Be careful what you have to say about that &gt;&gt; because if you think you stand it at all, the temptation that took them, you're subject to as well. &gt;&gt; But grace is grace is extended. But God is faithful. &gt;&gt; God is faithful. Who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able. &gt;&gt; Okay. God's saying there's there's a point where he says enough. God is a God of boundaries. There's a point where he'll say enough. enough. And and there's a there's a there's a thought here where he says, "But will with the temptation also make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it." So now God will not tempt you beyond that which you're able to bear. How is it that God tempts us, but he doesn't allow to go beyond what we're able to bear? He gives us an outlet or a way of escape. So if you don't take the way of escape, it's by your own choosing wherein you're led away of your own lust and enticed. And you can't say that God tempted you to sin. You just didn't take the way of escape. &gt;&gt; Well, I was tempted and I fell and this happened and God said he wouldn't tempt me above that which I was able to bear and able to escape. And you could say, "Yeah, that's a good point." You know, God God made me a promise that I I wouldn't be tempted to yell so much to where I actually yell. I'd be tempted or I wouldn't do this. And he said he promised. And so I've got to decide now that either God's word's not true or he or it didn't apply to me and all this confusion. And he's saying, "You're reading it wrong. You're reading it wrong. You're reading it wrong." You were tempted to your limit. &gt;&gt; And at your limit, you should know I always provide a way of escape. &gt;&gt; There's always an out. &gt;&gt; That you'll be able to bear it. The temptation may still be there, &gt;&gt; but when you take the way out, &gt;&gt; you can bear it. &gt;&gt; Says, "Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry." Remember that resonance with God, with good is more powerful than resistance to evil. It's better to know the way of escape than to think you can stand it yourself. &gt;&gt; I speak as a wise men, he says. So, judge ye what I say. In second Peter chapter 2 18 to22 he says for when we speak for when they speak great swelling words of vanity they alert through the lust of the flesh through much wantingness. I read this because he says beware lest you be spoiled through philosophy vain deceit and the traditions of men and the rudiments of the world. But I'm reading this because this is our present reality and darkness with many spirits and false prophets and winds and slights and craftiness all kinds of voices. And they alert through the lust of the flesh through much wantness. They create this wandering desire. They those that are he says those that were clean escape from them who lived in error. Now this is there's this idea of even this is within the Christian context. While they promised them liberty, they themselves are servants of corruption. blind leading the blind. For of whom a man has overcome of the same as he bought brought in bondage. I'm running out of time. I'm not going to expound upon those, but I'll say think about them. For of after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. It's statements like this that really cause me to because it says they knew the Lord Jesus Christ, but now they become entangled in the very things that they thought they had escaped. &gt;&gt; They thought they were clean, but now they're overcome. They came out. They thought they were in, but now they're back out again. This is their end is worse than the beginning. For it' been better for them to have not known the way of righteousness than after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it has happened unto them according to the true proverb. The dog has turned to his own vomit again and the s that was washed to her wallowing in the mire. Why you read that, brother Aaron? We don't like that word vomit. What is a sow anyways? There's a lot of questions we could have with this. But it's Peter poses this. A lot of theologians want to reject what Peter said here. They say, "Well, this is just too difficult to wrestle with. We'll cut that out." But he's saying that there's those that know but then get entangled again. And he said their their end is worse than where they started. So there's a they never let me just pose it this way. Did they have the key? And if they had it, did did they use it? Was it used properly? John 10:es 1:5. I'm almost done here. Just a couple more scripture readings. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbth up some other way, the same as a thief and a robber. &gt;&gt; Listen, be careful who climbs in &gt;&gt; who gets your ear, who talks to you. Be careful those that rep say represent as sheep or pastor, teacher or one with knowledge because if they come in the wrong way, they are a thief and a robber. They cannot nurture. They cannot bring health. They cannot feed. All they can do is strip you of what you have. They are the robbers on the way down to Jericho. They'll beat you, rob you of everything, and leave you naked and half dead, but have nothing else to offer you. They've only just taken things away from you. &gt;&gt; They're a thief and a robber. But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. That's the one I want to hear. &gt;&gt; To him the porter openth, and the sheep hear his voice, and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadth them out. If you want to be safe from the thieves and robbers, you've got to know the one who entered the right way, who has a voice that resonates with you. And that's the safe voice that you can trust. &gt;&gt; And when he put forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice. It resonates with them. They're tuned to it. They don't have spiritual amuseia. They can hear the the the sounds in the consonants and the dissonance. &gt;&gt; They're not looking around at the thieves and robbers and saying, "Well, you know, some shepherds you are with all these thieves and robbers." They're like, "Hey, this is our safety in the face of all these thieves and robbers." &gt;&gt; That's what could be said about Christianity. You want to run the record of Christianity? It's horrible. The atrocities committed in the name of Jesus Christ, the murders, the genocide, the racism, the prejudice, even in our own country within the last hundred years, the filthy, nasty, vile things that are done in the name of the scripture, &gt;&gt; thieves and robbers. &gt;&gt; That wasn't Christ. &gt;&gt; So if you know his voice, this is the inoculation. Verse five, and a stranger they will not follow. If you know that voice, you won't follow the thieves and robbers. If that voice ever gets strange to you, &gt;&gt; you'll follow a whole bunch of them trying to find it again. &gt;&gt; If his voice ever becomes strange to you, there might be a part of you that wants to find it again. And you'll be visited by all sorts of thieves and robbers who will offer you Christ. But it'll be philosophy, deceit, rudiments. &gt;&gt; A stranger they will not follow, but will flee from him for they know not the voice of strangers. What does that mean? You turn a deaf ear to them. They know not the voice of strangers. Sometimes we want to familiarize ourselves so much with the false. You know, it's like when you go when you go to some of you when you've tried to buy things with counterfeit dollars and stuff, you got a 20 and it's a counterfeit 20, you know, and they don't call in an expert from the back, right? He's like, "Well, I'm an expert in fake fake notes, right?" Now, they just take out a marker and you start getting nervous because it's just a simple test. know how to spot the genuine. &gt;&gt; I know what the genuine will do. I &gt;&gt; know what the genuine sounds like. &gt;&gt; I know. I I I know how it feels. I know how I know I know what it sounds like. &gt;&gt; They don't know the voice of strangers. I say it here that faith in the voice makes you deaf to the strangers. &gt;&gt; The key is Christ. &gt;&gt; We know that. But then if you're looking at a lineup of the usual suspects and they're all saying, "I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus." Then a natural hand can pick them all up. But only the hand of faith will grab a hold of the real one. That's what the Bible says. We've been given exceeding great and precious promises. That by these scriptures, by this word, we can partakers of divine nature. Second Peter 1:4, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. It is the the lust that is in the world that drives men deeper into the cave, &gt;&gt; deeper into the escape room. &gt;&gt; But it's the the word of God that allows us by faith to become partakers of his divine nature. Having escaped, we don't want to stay in the escape room and pretend. You want to have you want to find Christ by faith. And what does that do? It birthes you into a different experience. I think I've already I'm thinking I've read from Yeah. 1 Thessalonians chapter 5. I'm going to read to verse 11 and and we'll have the musicians come. But of the times and seasons, brethren, you have no need that I write unto you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them as a travail upon a woman with the child with child, and they shall not shall not escape. Verse three, thus sayaith the Lord, there will be those who cannot escape. Verse four, but ye, are you here? Ye, &gt;&gt; got the real Yees here, &gt;&gt; wearing your spiritual Yeezys, but ye, brethren, are not in darkness &gt;&gt; that that day should overtake you as a thief. &gt;&gt; Listen, you are not in darkness. You ye are the children of the light and the children of the day. We are not of the night nor of darkness. Therefore, let us not sleep as do others, but let us watch and be sober. Take heed to what you hear to yourselves. Watch and be sober. For they that sleep, sleep in the night, and they that be drunken are drunken in the night. If there's someone sleeping, if someone drunken, they're still in darkness. But ye who live, you're now have been made free from the law of sin and death. You now have escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Now you are abiding in him. You've received Christ Jesus Lord. Now being rooted and built up in him, established in the faith as you've been taught. Continue, lest anyone spoil you. [Music] But let us who are of the day be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet the hope of salvation. For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ, who died for us, that whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him. [Music] Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do. There is an edification for those that are awake. We can comfort ourselves together with the knowledge that we have obtained salvation by Jesus Christ our Lord. And whether we go by way of the grave or whether we are alive and remain at the time of that translation, we will all live together with him. How do you know that? How is it you know that? Is there anybody here that believes if you were to die that at in the time of the resurrection and the meeting Lord in the air that you're going to be there? Anybody here want to raise their hand and tell me that that's going to be them? Okay, a lot of hands. Anybody here believe that if you're alive at that time that you'll be caught up in the air together to meet him in the air? How do you know that? &gt;&gt; How do you know that? We could be eight-year-olds in Sunday school and say, "Jesus loves me. This I know. For the Bible tells me so." And there's an evolution to that where one day you know that you know that you know that you know because it's evolved to a re revelation. And now you know. &gt;&gt; And though the skin worms eat this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. What the lightning has struck in the darkness. And now you know. While you're still in Leodysa, you still may look the same. You still suffer. You get sick. There's been many glorious, Godfearing, Holy Spiritfilled believers who've gone down in death, but that was not defeat &gt;&gt; because they died in the faith. &gt;&gt; And they knew that. They knew that they knew one day they would see him face to face. There is only one key. Do not try to twist the scripture to provide any other key other than Jesus Christ. Do not try to twist the message and conure it to say there's any other key other than Jesus Christ. And there is only one way that you can hold that key and that is by faith. [Music] Therefore, you must by faith look to Jesus Christ as your only leader. The only way that a church like this is successful when you have a pastor or a shepherd of a local flock is when you yourselves have the chief shepherd as the shepherd of your soul, the bishop of your souls, and you're feeding on him. And that's the what that's what makes a church truly successful spiritually. Otherwise, we could just be like any other lodge or gathering of people that have some common basis or some understanding. We must by faith look to Jesus Christ as our only leader. By faith follow in his steps. By faith we must not follow any other voice. By faith we do not heed any other way. Originally when I was looking at this and studying over the last few weeks and initially when it began to resonate with me was wow faith is the key. Faith is the key. And and then I realized that Christ Christ is the ultimate Jesus Christ is and the and the only way that he has ever ever the only way I've ever connected with him was by faith. And so tonight I I I admonish you. Reach out by faith. reach out to him. Aside from everything else that may exist in the world today, you say, "Well, I want to know it this way. I want to know it that way." Well, you're still in the escape room. You're putting these parameters that I'm going to I'm going to find out. I'm going to figure this out. I'm going to figure that out. No. Jesus Christ is real. You could if you believe in God and you know there's a God, but he's never been made light to you by revelation. He's not you're not going to know truly there is a God unless he's been revealed to you. And the only way it can be revealed to you is through Jesus Christ. You should right now with a hand of faith reach out to him. Lord, I believe in you. I I I want to know you in a personal way. I want to know that the hand that holds the key is faith. Young people, that's the key. Jesus Christ. We don't know him because we believe the Bible. We don't accept him because we believe God is real. You know him by faith. because it's the only thing that can know the key. Let's stand to our feet. Been trying, and this is maybe going to discourage some of you, but for the last several services, I've been trying to keep it brief. [Music] And so, hold on if I ever say I'm going to be long tonight. And I know it's late. I know there's been a lot that we've covered, but this is an important sermon. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, when we read the Bible with our human mind, we could come to the conclusion that you made one way for salvation. There's only one name given in heaven and earth by which a man could be saved. We can see that you sent your son to die and his blood was shed for our sins and that we makes atonement for our souls. And there's is a way that we can as theologians and Bible students, teachers, construct a very clear, concise plan of salvation, a teaching from scripture, what we be believe to be biblical salvation and have gained no greater knowledge of you in the entire process. because we can only know you by you revealing yourself to us. So Lord, tonight if there's been anything deep within the heart of anyone here tonight, something beyond the noise and the voices, something in their heart was pricricked to say, "I know God is real." Then I pray that they could reach out by faith to touch you. that if they know you, Lord, in that way where Christ the key has been grasped by revelation and they are walking in newness of life. Lord, if they're being spoiled by anything other than you, Lord, may they take heed to themselves. May they recognize now that you've provided a way of escape. The way of escape is Christ. My man, the manner in which I can use Christ to escape the temptation is by faith in Christ. That's it. If I succumb to any other measure, Lord, I'm I'm brought into bondage with it. I'm brought into bondage to that temptation. Oh God, tonight I pray that you would just cry out within the hearts of these young people and all of us that are here that there is a way of escape in this last times, this dark and evil day. There's a way that we can know you and we'll never be able to know you by any other means except you reveal yourself to us. So therefore, Lord, I pray that you'll grant a revelation. &gt;&gt; So anchor solidly your believers in your word that though they may up here be shaking a little bit, they're rooted, solid, established in Christ. Bless us tonight, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
