################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-05 - The Planting of Eternity - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-05
Title:   The Planting of Eternity
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l99dY_aDIQ
========================================

Description:
The Planting of Eternity
Sunday Service: October 5, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Ecclesiastes chapter 6. I'm going to read verses 1 to9 and then I'm going to read verse 11. In chapter 3, there is an evil which I have seen unto the son, and it is common among men. A man to whom God hath given riches, wealth, and honor, so that he wantketh nothing for his soul of all that he desireth. Yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof, but a stranger eateth it. This is vanity, and it is an evil disease. If a man beget a hundred children and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have no burial, I say that an untimely birth is better than heed. For he cometh in with vanity, and departeth in darkness, and his name shall be covered with darkness. Moreover, he hath not seen the sun, nor know anything. This hath more rest. Moreover, he that hath not seen the sun, nor known anything, this hath more rest than the other. Yay, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet hath he seen no good. Do not all go to one place. All the labor of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled. For what hath the wise more than the fool? What hath the poor that knoweth to walk before the living? Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit. And then Ecclesiastes chapter 3 11, he hath made everything beautiful in his time. Also, he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. If we could just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Our gracious heavenly father, we're thankful that we have this opportunity to be gathered together in your presence today. We are remembering those that aren't with us. Whether it be by sickness, Lord, Brother Alfonso, recovering from surgery, whether it be traveling, maybe even for some it's just a coldness, maybe it's a difficulty, it's a hardship, it's a a depression or an anxiety that just they haven't been able to overcome, a complex so that making it to the house of the Lord is very difficult on them. Lord, we pray in love and with just a a grace for them that you would be merciful that you'd help them in their circumstance. And Lord, as we realize it is incumbent upon us as believers to gather together and that it is your will that we would assemble ourselves in church. If there be those that are unable to or have chosen not to, Lord, we pray that you'd be merciful to them. Sustain them for we know it's a dangerous place to be. And Lord, today as we have arrived here, we are here and our hearts are open. Speak to us through your word. Bless these scriptures which we have read. May they be made alive to us by revelation. We ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. My title is the planting of eternity. And it may not be obvious, but I'm taking it from Ecclesiastes chapter 3 11, the planting of eternity. And I would ask that everyone, if you could, not that you don't normally do this, but focus this morning. I do think in exploring this subject today, it's a very simple uh of often repeated principles in terms of the planting uh and seed and sewing and harvest. It's not very deep, but I believe that it is impactful. And I feel that the principles in the word of God that relate to a planting and the seed and a harvest are some of the most important things we could ever see. It's something that God says God is not mocked. The Bible says he's not mocked. Whatever God a man sws, he reaps. And I believe that these principles are extremely relevant uh to the harvest time and even to current events and things that we're seeing whether it be in our own lives personally or things in the church or things at abroad. And uh these principles are at the very core of the message, very core of of the word of God and the rapture where God is wanting Genesis being a seed chapter. Revelation is that that that fruit where we see everything come up. And so these things are very very important. And I'm using this phrasing the planting of eternity just so that we're all kind of on the same page. We spent ministered Wednesday night on being and becoming. And we looked at it from the standpoint of a personal responsibility and even a parental responsibility of being which is be your existence but then also the becoming wherein you uh reach that potential uh your potential. you realize a higher level of potentiality and as individuals we have a present responsibility over our present condition uh to look after our lives and to live a godly life and then even this process of what we're changing into don't always want to stay the same but we want to be growing and that extends to a parental responsibility that I believe is obvious in the fact that you bring forth life you cause being but then also the process of what that life becomes and those were the principles that we're expressing Wednesday tonight. It tied together with the prelude of sewing seed and the kota of the fruit or the harvest of what has gone before. And something that I'm exploring just personally as I look into these things from our own family, my own life, but then I believe it's relevant in these things that we're teaching is the Bible teaches that there is a duty attached to every talent that we possess. God having given us gifts or given us certain abilities uh we have to we have a duty to that talent or to that gift. We use kind of this terminology of talent is a natural ability or a gift and the skill would be the development of that. So you can have a natural gift but your skill is when you employ that talent for a particular use and you use it for good your craft of using your talent. So those are the some of the things that we were ministering on Wednesday and I'm still continuing in those thoughts. Now if you look at Ecclesiastes chapter 3 11 it says he hath made everything beautiful in his time. God has done this. God has made everything beautiful and becoming in his time. So he has a timing. He has a process. You may look at something and say well that seems incomplete or I don't see the full beauty of it yet. Let God continue his work. He will perfect that which he has begun. He'll finish what he started. He's made everything beautiful in his time. Also, he hath set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. So, he has set the world in their heart. And he's speaking of so that no man can find out. And he's talking about the work that God maketh. The work that God makes from the beginning to the end. He makes everything beautiful in his time. So he begins something and it's going to be beautiful through this process. He's going to it's going to reach this perfection or this completion. But he says that he set uh something in their heart, the world in their heart so that that man is not still yet even though it's in his heart and God makes everything beautiful in his time. Man himself is not able to figure it out to figure out what God is doing. And so the the work that God maketh this is his work product. This is his artwork. This is his creation. And this phrase hath set the world in their heart is a very unique phrase. And in some translations and if you kind of read read and studied the words out yourself I think you could arrive to this conclusion. I'm not asking you to do it but some of the translations read it this way. God has planted eternity in the human heart. &gt;&gt; I think of this principle. He's planted eternity in man's heart. This sense of divine purpose. He makes everything beautiful in his time. And he's also planted eternity in their heart. This mysterious longing within man's heart. And think about it in the context of the book of Ecclesiastes. This longing in inside man's heart that only God can quench. And that is the writer, the preacher Solomon in Ecclesiastes saying that that nothing under the sun can satisfy. &gt;&gt; As we read in verse seven of chapter six, all the labor of man is for his mouth and yet the appetite is not filled. He man caters to his senses. Man is driven by his appetites. He's hungry, so he wants to find food. He's cold, so he wants to find shelter. And so man is driven by what he feels and his appetites. And this only feeds the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. &gt;&gt; That's the that's what our senses, that's what our human appetites will satisfy. But these things cannot satisfy the soul. As man seeks shelters, man seeks clothing or food. It it there's something in man's heart where he's hungering for something deeper, he desires something more enduring. So there's always this edge in man where he's wanting to accumulate. He's wanting to achieve. All the bread that you eat on Monday isn't going to fill you on th Tuesday. And I'll testify that there's been at least maybe a half a million times where I have said, "I'm never going to eat again." And sure enough, I'm eating again. Maybe within an hour or two of when I proclaimed I can't eat anymore. But yet there's some So there's something to the natural appetite which is never satisfied. And that soul that which feeds the natural appetites cannot feed the soul. &gt;&gt; The soul cannot be fed by the same substance that feeds our senses. &gt;&gt; The soul craves eternity. And unless something eternal satisfies this longing, you will always hunger and chase desire. &gt;&gt; You'll always be looking for something that'll quench this holy thirst. As verse 9 of chapter 6 says, "Better is the sight of the eyes than the wondering of desire." This is also vanity and vexation of spirit. The desire seeks after. It wants to have things that it cannot have. And the Solomon is observing well it's better to be satisfied with those things which you have but then there's this desire that wonders after other things. He said this is vanity and vexation of spirit. If I could say this as you read uh what Solomon the preacher is writing in in this book he he had all the wealth in the world. He had all this wisdom and yet none of it would ever satisfy. And he's looking at this from the standpoint of unborn again, just the natural perspective of things. And he's closing all doors to everything else but faith. That's why he concludes there's nothing better than to fear God. There is a closing door. It's not going to be found in being wise. It's not going to be found in being rich. It's not going to be found in having a lot of children. That there's only one thing that's going to satisfy, and it's that thing that satisfies the soul. If the heart or that soul is longing, if it's unsatisfied despite all the outward comforts and enjoyments as Solomon is saying, then that soul is not at rest. That's why you look at people who are uh billion billionaires and as we mentioned uh these ones that are have a lot of money and they have billions and billions and why don't they just give some of these billions and this half trillion to everybody else who doesn't have because there's something that's not satisfied &gt;&gt; in them. &gt;&gt; They're not at rest. And I say that Solomon the preacher here is realizing what Moses had already said about bread, about food, about possessions. Deuteronomy 8:3 and it says, "And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with mana, which thou kneest not, neither did thy fathers know, that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only." What an interesting uh circumstance that God allowed to come to pass. &gt;&gt; He made them hungry, then fed them with mana from heaven. And the principle was that man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of the Lord doth man live. &gt;&gt; This is what Jesus quotes in Matthew chapter 4 to Satan that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word which proceedth out of the mouth of God. So, well, we live by bread, but bread alone isn't going to satisfy you. That being hungry, we eat, being cold, we we clothe ourselves, and and eating to sleep, we shelter ourselves. And after those things, the Bible says, "Does the Gentiles seek?" And we, our heavenly father knows that we have need of those things. And so, we have to pursue those things. But it's man lives by the word of God, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians chapter 6 verse 13 says, "Meat's for the belly and the belly for meats." Kind of has a little kind of a rhythm to it, right? Meats for the belly and the belly for meats. out that saying that the stomach is made for food &gt;&gt; and food is made for the stomach. Listen, I know a lot of you have had spiritual experiences when eating. But that still is just a chemical reaction that's taking place in the stomach and the endorphins and it's like, "Oh my goodness, this is heavenly." Brother Alfonso and I one time were talking about, I think it was tamali's, and we were talking about dessert tamales and he goes, "I just want to die." And I was like, "I get it. I know exactly what you're talking about. And as much as we were kind of getting in the spirit of food, wang coma, it was not it was not spiritual. It was still just our natural appetites. Though I like to think that the natural type is spiritual. But the meats are for the belly. Food is for the stomach. Food is for the body. And the body is for food. But what about your head and your heart? &gt;&gt; What about those things that pertain to your spirit? And even this deeper hunger of the soul, what is it that nourishes and enriches the soul? What is it that sustains your spirit or your soul? In Ecclesiastes 5:es 9 to10, it says, "Moreover, the profit of the earth is for all. The king himself is served by the field." That's I want to come back to that. But notice this is the yield of the ground. He says, "He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver. Nor he that loveth abundance with increase." This is also vanity. So everyone eats from the field and that satisfies their body. But the increase of silver and the abundance of possessions still isn't going to satisfy the heart of a man. We might find satisfaction in the things that we eat. Oh, I I'm full and and I can go to bed on a full stomach. That's why uh the congalles they eat fufu when they wake up and they eat fufu when they go to bed and they have enough energy through the day and they have enough to sleep through the night. And I've always tried to figure that out like how does that even work? Very thing that makes you go through the day is the very thing that makes you go to sleep. And so that satisfies the natural man. &gt;&gt; It's what allows you to rest. But then the Bible says in Ecclesiastes chapter 6 1:3 and and it's carried on this thought of but then you can have as much gold as you want but that's not going to satisfy the heart. He said there's an evil which I have seen under the sun and is common among men. This is very strong language. A man to whom God hath given riches, wealth, and honor. So he wantketh nothing for his soul of all that he desires. So there's this desire where I I I I have possessions. I have food. But then he says this, that he might uh yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof. In other words, you have all of it, but you can't really enjoy it. And he says, "But a stranger eateth it." This is vanity, and it is an evil disease. I think there's a lot that's being expressed here, but here, a man has everything that he seemingly would want, but yet it's not really satisfying him. And if a man begget 100 children and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he hath no burial, I say that an untimely birth is better than he than he. In other words, one that doesn't survive child birth. I look at this scripture and I take it within the context, I can see that the desires of the soul will find nothing to satisfied in this world. &gt;&gt; There's nothing in the world that's going to give true satisfaction. No man live a 100 years and he beggets children and he sees his progeny after him. None of this will truly satisfy the soul. As much as a man may have possessions, yet these are things that you can't eat to satisfy the soul of a man in the same way that you would eat food to satisfy your belly. Jeremiah 10 23 says, "Oh Lord, I know that the way of man is not in himself. It is not in man that walketh to direct his steps." That's right. &gt;&gt; This is what Ecclesiastes is exposing. Man does not really know what makes him happy. &gt;&gt; The very things that we say will make us happy, uh, if they happen to us, then we say, well, or if we said that would make us unhappy. Oh, I would never want that to happen. Never. Listen, man is just all over the map when it comes to happiness. Matter of fact, I I was read a book one time and I remember even taking these little snippets out and and saving them and using them one point because someone says, "It's the best thing that ever happened to me in my life. I'm the happiest man in the world because this happened." And you're like, "Oh, wow. Who was this guy?" And it's somebody that was paralyzed, paraplegic. Another one said, "This was the greatest thing that ever happened to me and I could never be happier." And he was the original drummer of the Beatles who left right before they became famous. And you start reading all this and you like a band like the Beatles? Oh my goodness. Wouldn't you want to be in that? And realize but everybody's saying they're happy and you say, man, we cannot predict happiness. &gt;&gt; We cannot predict the things that are going to make us happy. This is the state of man. He doesn't the way is not in himself. It's not in him to walk to direct his steps because man only observes the outward. &gt;&gt; And Solomon's able to step back and say, "I've I've owned everything. I've been able to buy this. I've been able to marry that. I've been able to do this. I've been able to do that. I've been able to do everything and nothing's satisfied. He says in the end it's all vanity and vexation of spirit. &gt;&gt; None of that could overcome because all these things just pertain to the outward. &gt;&gt; So he makes this statement right in the middle of a chapter. Ecclesiastes chapter 3 11. And he says God has planted eternity in man's heart. &gt;&gt; This is something internal. All these other things are outward. What you wear outward. What you eat outward. what you see and you enjoy and you possess silver and all these abundance of possessions it's all outward but what nourishes and feeds I'm asking this what nourishes and feeds this planting &gt;&gt; that God has set the world in man's heart &gt;&gt; set something in his heart as these translations render it he has set he's planted eternity in you well what feeds that I know these scriptures may seem to be just real common place for us but let's read them in Genesis chapter 2:es 4-7 7 and we'll read a few of these places in the book of Genesis. Genesis chapter 2:4. These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens. This Lord God is Jehovah Elohim. Now, this is the God becoming. He was God Elohim. Now, he's expressed in relationship to what he has created. He says, "And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew." Who put it there? &gt;&gt; God did. He creates the heavens and the earth, and every plant of the field is in the earth. Every herb of the field is in the earth before it grew. So, he didn't just put a full plant there. He put the seeds there. And it says, "For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground. So God planted original seeds. &gt;&gt; These seeds needed to be watered. These seeds needed to be nurtured. They need to be worked. They needed to be guarded or cared for. And so it's saying the seeds were there but God had not allowed them to germinate and grow be because one they need water. Two they needed a man to care for it. It says and and there was not a man verse 5 and there was not a man to till the ground. But there went up a mist from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground. So there's the water that was necessary. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life. And man became a living soul. The these two verses are are put together for a reason. I hope you're following. This is where I wanted you to focus because I know it just seems so simple and some you all might start yawning here in a minute, but just feel sorry for me. Like just enter into this burden of man, brother Aaron is just learning these things. Maybe he can get deeper in this. And that's where you can just pull and really engage. You're you're doing it for me. These two verses are necessary to be together. God has planted original seed in the earth, but there's no water and there's no man. &gt;&gt; So he brings water and immediately he brings forth man in flesh &gt;&gt; and he forms him out of the dust of the ground. So the plants and man come from the ground at the same time. What does that create? this this connection uh this symbiosis this this togetherness where now man has some relation to the earth and God has reserve the seed in the earth until such time that there will be water which will cause plants to grow there'll be some germination process that's accelerated there'll be some growth but then the man is there to work to till as the Bible says to till the ground In verse eight, it says, "And the Lord God," and again, this is just this is no coincidence. And now it says, "And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed." Look at how that God has established an enclosure. That garden, this enclosure, he planted a garden. And as he plants this garden, he puts the man who came from the soil. He puts him in that garden. And having put him in that garden, it hearkens back to the prior verses that said, "Well, the Lord had put all the seeds in the ground, but he had not yet caused them to grow because there was no man there to cultivate and care for the plants." So now that the Lord has planted a garden and he's planted these seeds and a man is there to till the soil, it says, "Out of the ground," verse 9, "Out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food. And the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And a river went out of Eden to water the garden. So there's your water. And from thence it parted and became into four heads. That begins to describe these rivers and their extent. So God God is a gardener. Just want to use that phrase. He is a husbandman. That's a scriptural word that we might see. He is himself a dresser and a keeper of his garden or his vineyard. The Bible says the Lord God planted a garden. Isn't it wonderful to know that those of us who have gardens, we're in the image of God when we plant gardens. I know some of you who aren't green thumbs and you kill even the fake plants that you buy from IKEA and you have a complex, but there is something in the nature of God to be able to care for a plant. &gt;&gt; And so God is a gardener, but it says he made man from the ground and placed him in this garden. But notice how this is in the image of God in Isaiah chapters 27:es 1-6. In that day the Lord will with his sword and great and strong sword shall punish Leviathan the piercing serpent even Leviathan that crooked serpent and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea. This is why I tell people and they say how can you believe this or that? I said I believe in a Bible of dragons and Leviathans. I believe this to be true. In the second verse it says, "In that day, sing ye unto her a vineyard of red wine. I will sow her unto me in the earth." He says in Hosea, God has planted seeds in the earth. And God had not brought them forth yet even in the garden. But then there's also this pointing to God's planting a vineyard of red wine. Notice verse three. I the Lord do keep it. I will water it every morning, every moment. Lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day. This is why we ask people to water our plants when we go on vacation. They need to be cared for. &gt;&gt; That's why you have to know what kind of sunlight they like. &gt;&gt; Can they exist in certain can they exist in certain climates? Can they grow in certain soil? There's thought given to this. And he says, I will keep it. I will water it every moment. And I think that means at the appropriate times. You don't want to overwater your plants. Lest any heard it, I will keep it. I will keep it night and day. He says, "Fury is not in me. Who would set the briars and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them. I would burn them together." So now he's zealous over this planting that there would be nothing else that would compete with its life. That nothing else would hinder its growth. Oh, let him take hold of my strength that he may make peace with me and shall make peace with me. He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root. Israel shall blossom and bud and fill the face of the world with fruit. These scriptures are speaking to the character and nature of God. But it's using terminology that we could relate to as human beings, whether it be those who have green thumbs or plant gardens or have just experienced the fruits of those things. God expresses the character and conduct of a true husbandman, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; A true keeper of the vineyard, a true gardener, one that plants seed and is concerned. And he says it keeps and watches guard over and observes. He says, "I will keep it. I will observe. I'll watch. I'll see if it's needy. I will water, which is to nourish or cause it to drink water." These are things that the plant can't do in and of itself. &gt;&gt; And he does so keeping this care over it. As the Bible says, it shall blossom and bud till the face of the earth of the world is filled with fruit, allowing it to blossom, bud, and fill the world with fruit. That's the nature of God as a gardener. This is what God the scriptures express of what one who has responsibility over a planting this is this is what their vision is that they're going to keep water so it blossoms buds and becomes fruitful. &gt;&gt; Genesis chapter 2 15 to1 17 it continues and it said the Lord God took the man and put him in the garden of Eden to dress it and keep it. Why was man in the garden? We we could say, well, man was in the garden just to live out perfection and to have fun and enjoy and and just eat all the fruits of the tree. But the Bible says that he is there to dress and keep this garden that God planted. &gt;&gt; So now he is even seen as this steward or even a keeper of God's vineyard or God's planting. God places the man in this enclosure in the garden with responsibility to dress, to watch over, to guard, to observe, to keep. &gt;&gt; Yes. It's going to be a responsibility himself as a gardener. And he commands, the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat because the trees that grew out of the ground, they were good for food. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." &gt;&gt; So now there's that prescription, that prohibition that is what gives him true liberty. So, Adam is placed in the garden to be a gardener, to till the soil, to labor over the planting. These were going to be these were things that needed attention. You couldn't just say, "Oh, well, God planted the seed. Whatever s's going to come up, whatever God wills and whatever God predestinates and whatever happens happens." But there was a responsibility. Adam and the woman were called to care for, cultivate and look after that which God had planted in the earth. Notice in Genesis chapter 1:es 27 to 29. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. It says and God blessed them and said unto them, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth. This speaks to them in their personal responsibility to have children that they were to be fruitful themselves that they were to multiply and replenish the earth means fill it up to what I've predestinated what I've desired to see of my seed after me. And this is and subdue it. So there is not only this personal responsibility for them to be fruitful to the extent that God has ordained it, but then to also subdue the earth. There is a subduing of the earth, this responsibility that they have, and it extended over to living things, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herbbearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree which is in the every tree into which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed, to you it shall be for meat." Now, what I'd like you to catch from this, and we're making really good time here, so you're going to beat all the crowds to In-N-Out. The the principle of God having put the seeds there now placed man with the responsibility over it, and now man can enjoy the fruits of the planting and the labor, and he can enjoy the fruits of his labor. That man was to be a subduer of the earth. He was to be a tiller of the ground and the soil. He was to watch out over it. And in watching out over, he says, you can have the herb. You can have the fruit. You can enjoy these things for you. It will be your meat. Meats are for the belly and belly for meats. That's there for you as provision. Now, he prescribed them to eat of every tree that grew from the ground. But then he prohibited them from eating of the tree of knowledge and good and evil. And it the sin symbolically written as it's represented symbolically in the scripture. Adam's sin was directly connected with failing to honor this responsibility as a keeper to honor the seed to honor the planting to honor the fruit. So in Genesis 3:es 20-23 this is after the fall this is after uh the the sin the original sin it says and Adam called his wife's name Eve she is called the mother of all living names her this after the acts involved with the fall there's a very strict reason why the Bible brings that up at this time because she was the mother of all living that's what Eve means unto Adam also and to his wife did the Lord God make coats of skin and clothe them so now man is dressing outwardly over this flesh. The Lord God said, "Behold, the man has become as one of us to know good and evil. And now, lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat and live forever." He's going to guard this way in the preceding verses after verse 23, the uh seraraphims with these flaming swords to keep the way of the tree of life. But so now since he says man has become think of this this becoming in one sense is well it's exactly what the serpent said he would do. You would become as gods. But this is a there's a judgment that follows this. Think of this that man has become as one of us to know good and evil. And so lest he eat of the tree of life and live forever in this fallen state. He says therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden. Here is his banishment. Here is this compounding of his punishment. There's been these curses, but now here comes this banishment, this expungement from expelling from the garden. He sent him forth from the Garden of Eden. Now having been cursed, the ground having been cursed, and the woman having been cursed, and now they're being cast out of the Garden of Eden, what happens to till the ground from whence he was taken. Banishment does not change his gifts. Banishment does not change his calling. He's still gifted. He was still called to till the soil. It was something that he needed to do. And I would say, "What grace God knowing that man would lose his privilege of the garden and everything that God had swn and God had planted in all the water." He made him a tiller of the ground, knowing he would need that gift postfall. &gt;&gt; Still gifted and called to dress and keep the field. Yet God acknowledges as you continue to read that there would be a hardship and difficulty of this laboring for bread with the sweat of the brow. You're going to fight with it. You're going to toil. it's not going to yield as easily as it did before. &gt;&gt; And so he begins to foreshadow just how difficult it would be to keep a plant alive. &gt;&gt; Just how you'd have to fight with briars and thorns and droughts and fires and winds and all sorts of invaders while you could plant your crops. But who's to say that your extended family isn't going to come and start eating your crops before you have a chance to? So man is still gifted and called to work with the ground and to bring forth the fruits of the ground. But it ain't going to be easy. &gt;&gt; And it's this very circumstance. Believe it is in Ecclesiastes that he says God has made man upright in the beginning. God made the man and the woman upright in the beginning but he pursues and chases after all these other desires. Man has fallen by that desire. And this is what the preacher in Ecclesiastes is wrestling with. This vanity of the labor and the results because man works and he works and he stores and he stores and he has and he has and everything is full. He has all the wisdom. He has all these wines. He has all these things to eat and enjoy. He can have everything he wants. But yet he's not happy. &gt;&gt; And then when he dies, everything he's accumulated is gone &gt;&gt; to him. &gt;&gt; He can't enjoy it. No matter how much they shoved wives and couches and food and the and the supplers and the the pyramids and the burials and the boats and everything they put all these things into, they're still there. &gt;&gt; They've been reduced to some other substance. The dead never enjoyed those things. This is exactly what Solomon is lamenting. As we read in Ecclesiastes 5:9, he says, "Moreover, the profit of the earth is for all. The king himself is served by the field." Rich or poor, you profit from the ground. There was uh we were looking for a place to eat. Reminds me of a time that we were looking for a really good hamburger or something like that and we accidentally went to we didn't really know the language but what we thought was maybe a burger place was actually a vegan restaurant in this language and so it's like they had beyond beef and beyond chicken and I actually think it should be below right like well what vantage I'm looking down that's beyond beef right and so there's a certain way that you look at this so we're kind of excluding maybe these synthetic meats that they can now make without any natural uh sources whatsoever. Wouldn't it be great if when you're hungry there was an app for that, right? And just NFC and I'm full. But there's the profit of the earth that which comes from the ground. Everyone enjoys this. This is what we eat by. This is what we live by. And as man was cast from the garden to till the ground from which he was taken, there's something in man that he now lives by his labor. Whether your labor produces a bartering power or income to purchase meats and those things to eat. This is what man lives by and what he enjoys outwardly. Ecclesiastes chapter 2 vers 24. There's nothing better for a man. And he says in the sense that it is good, but then also what else is there than that he should eat and drink and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labor. This is why I'd say to to young men and young young people that it's important to work and to get uh increase and enjoy the fruits of that labor. &gt;&gt; You can just sit around and laz around and do nothing and just have your parents feed you and clothe you and that's only going to lead to depression. &gt;&gt; It's only going to lead to some um atrophy. There's only going to lead to mental illness and and struggles and toils a and misconceptions and not able to perceive the world correctly because there's nothing better than for you to work and to labor and enjoy those things that you labored for. &gt;&gt; And it doesn't necessarily mean an income, but it can just be a stewardship, a putting the shoulder to the will with your parents and your siblings. And he says, I saw that this was from the hand of God. This is something that God allows and he asked for us to do. You have to the Bible even says a man who doesn't uh provide for his family uh is worse than an infill. A man that doesn't work doesn't eat. &gt;&gt; So this is tied to and connected with a man's ability a person's ability to joy enjoy life. You can't just have any everything handed to you. You can't develop properly unless you're exerting, laboring, producing something, being productive &gt;&gt; and enjoying the good in your labor. Ecclesiastes 3:22 expresses the same. Wherefore I perceive that there's nothing better than that a man should rejoice in his own works, for that is he is his portion. It is a man's portion. And I know this may be making all these these kids here who have these rich parents nervous because it basically says for what shall bring him to see what shall be after him? So in other words, if you have it, use it. What's the point in leaving wealth to your children? Right, brother Preston? Why should I leave anything? The Bible does say a good man leaves a legacy for his grandchildren. &gt;&gt; And and it's a legacy that cannot be stolen, cannot be lost in the stock market, &gt;&gt; cannot corrupt. Right? &gt;&gt; So there is a greater provision that you could be leaving &gt;&gt; than houses and lands. &gt;&gt; And I'm not saying this I could say it in such a way to it's applicable. It's applicable even in relevant times. You think about these believers in certain countries whether it be in Eastern Europe and other places where they've worked, they've toiled, they've bought houses, they've bought cars, and then their their land is invaded and they have to leave it all. And and there's there's not even this possibility they'll ever be be able to go back to that house and reclaim it. &gt;&gt; Everything they work for is gone. And I'm not trying to cause a red scare here that um everything that you thought, well, I'm going to get my dad's uh lot in this and I'm going to get that in an inheritance. There's things that could happen and all that can be gone. &gt;&gt; And so the Bible is observing, this is exactly what Solomon is observing. He says all this vanity and vexation there's really what man does and what he really truly brings him some sense of satisfaction is he works and he toils and it produces something and he enjoys it. &gt;&gt; This is the call of man. But as I bring this sermon to its closing section, let me say this. We are made in the image of God. We possess a divine calling to care for and to cultivate life. &gt;&gt; This was in the man in the beginning. He was made perfect. The man was made to be a laborer. He was made to be a co-orker with God. He was set to subdue over the earth to subdue the earth. He was put in the garden with the purpose to look after all the original seeds that God had sown. Therefore, it is still in us to be to care for life. &gt;&gt; One of the great travest or one of the great revealers of Cain's wickedness, he says, "Am I my brother's keeper?" It was in the nature of Adam to keep life. &gt;&gt; And Cain works as a hypocrite to one who worked with the ground and the soil to bring forth the fruit of the ground when it really came to the truth of it. Is it really in you, Cain? Do you really care for what you're cultivating? Do you really understand what it is you're producing? He said, "Am I my brother's keeper?" He didn't truly care about the fruits of the ground. &gt;&gt; His heart wasn't connected with that labor. &gt;&gt; And I believe that all mankind have a duty to life. &gt;&gt; That all life is precious and we should have respect for it and we should have and that there's something about life. God is the one that gives breath and we should never trivialize that whether it be our own or somebody else's. &gt;&gt; And so we have this divine calling, if I could say, a talent, a gift that God's given us. Ecclesiastes 3:1, he hath made everything beautiful in his time. God makes everything beautiful. Also, he hath set the world in their heart. God makes everything beautiful and he's placed. He's planted. I know I'm using a phrase that's not evident in this King James translation and and so I'm not trying to attach a meaning to this that you don't see, but he's I want to I want to show this by scripture, too. He's planted eternity in your heart. If God makes everything beautiful in his time, we should be laboring for beauty. We should be striving to make things beautiful. We should not have a casual attitude towards those things that we're creating. We should have an attitude even as we might say that leave leave uh something better than you found it. That shows integrity. That shows character. Th those are the kinds of things that last. While my wife and I were on on vacation recently, I saw a statement by Axel Sto. I don't know if you know him, brother Victor, but he's a renowned uh Danish ceramic artist uh very very famous and he made this statement. He said, "It is more important for an artist to create in the spirit of nature rather than to imitate its external appearance." You can there can be this external appearance. To me, this is what artificial intelligence produces. It gives you the facade of creativity &gt;&gt; but it has not actually gone through the process of human creativity. &gt;&gt; It has digested all the external appearances. Therefore, it can replicate a faximile of the creative process. But artificial intelligence cannot create art truly &gt;&gt; because all those things that an artist goes through to create something and to produce an image is is absent from that that shallow process. It's not beyond art. It's below art. And this statement so struck me. It is more important to create in the spirit of nature. In other words, we should create in God's nature. &gt;&gt; We should nurture with God's nature. Isn't this striking to think that as parents you say well what's the great debate? Is it all nature? Is it nurture? Well, it's both. &gt;&gt; You have received genetically a certain a certain nature which kind of gives this these bounds of what your potential is and then nurture is what's going to allow you to develop within that potentiality. &gt;&gt; So I believe it is nature and nurture with respect to our lives personally, individually and our families and with respect to a lot of things. Oh, the nature of this seed I is is a cactus. Plant it in the ground but don't if it doesn't have the right nurture and environment &gt;&gt; not going to come up. &gt;&gt; And so we are as parents I just say this maybe as parents and maybe you could say think of yourself individually that we are born with the nature of our parents. Our children are born with our nature. How scary would it be if only thing we nurtured them with was with our carnal nature. That's right. &gt;&gt; We want a nature. We want to nurture in the nature of God. &gt;&gt; If we're creators ourselves, if we are artists ourselves, that it's more important that we create in the spirit of God. That we work and labor in the spirit of God and not just be concerned with external appearances. Because our calling is not related to external things. Think about how often we judge one another externally. &gt;&gt; By what someone drives and what someone wears and all these things that are outwards. These are just the carnal aspects of being and becoming. And if we are not if we're not careful, we're not in the nature of it. We're just in the external part of it. &gt;&gt; If I could say this, I'm wanting to just bring this to a close. We're called to serve eternity. &gt;&gt; We're called to serve the eternity that's been planted in you and planted in our children. &gt;&gt; It's a seed of eternity that's been planted in the elect. This original seed. It's the germ of eternity and it needs germination. It's there already. As preachers of the gospel, we're not planting predestinated seed. &gt;&gt; The Bible says you're elect according to the fornowledge of God. According to the word of God, you are elect to a birth. There's something ordained by God that's placed in you. It's that germ of eternity, a seed of eternity. It's an eternal gene that's inside of you. And so the preaching of the gospel is not the planting of seed, but it's the watering of a seed. &gt;&gt; The way that we raise our children, a lot of us, you can't put predestinated seed in your children, but you can keep bad seeds from being swn into their spirit. &gt;&gt; You can't make them elect, but you can care for the garden where God says, "I will burn through briars and thorns." That ought to be the nature we have when it comes to looking after the hearts and the spirit and the nature of our children is. Why would I want to sow briars and thorns &gt;&gt; around this precious seed? It'll come to life, but we can make it a lot harder. &gt;&gt; There's a principle that seed will come up somehow, but there's things that can lay across it, things that can hinder it, and it causes its growth to be deformed. &gt;&gt; The seed having been planted, we see set, he's planted eternity in your heart. Notice how it says in Isaiah chapter 60 verse 21, "Thy people also shall be all righteous. They shall inherit the land forever." He says, 'The branch of my planting, the works of my hands that I may be glorified. God planted the branch. He's planted the seed. He said it will blossom and bud. It will become fruitful. What's this branch of his planting? He says it's going to they're going to inherit the land forever. It's the planting of eternity. The next chapter 61:3 to appoint unto them that mourn in Zion. This relates to his uh uh the second coming as he read to this point stopped to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for morning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness so that they because for that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord. You are the planting of the Lord &gt;&gt; that he might be glorified. The bride tree will blossom and bloom. It will bring forth the fruits of the original seed. God's prophesied it will run not turn void. It will not return void. So there is a planting of eternity in your heart and he says that they are going to come forth that he might be glorified. The branch of his planting the work of his hands that he might be glorified. What does this relate to? The product the harvest. Go read John chapter 15 those first dozen verses or so about the vine and the uh and the branches. He says, "Herein is my father glorified in verse 8 that we bear much fruit." &gt;&gt; How is it that God is glorified? When we bear much fruit, so shall you be my disciples. The planting of the Lord, trees of righteousness, the branch of God's planting, the planting of eternity has to bring forth fruit because that's the the the proof of the pudding is in the eating thereof. Wisdom is justified in her children in what it produces, &gt;&gt; and what it brings forth. How is the father glorified? not merely in the planting of seed, but the the growth and the harvest of that which has been planted. So when I say the planting of eternity, I'm not referring so much to the planting of the seed, but the planting, the eternal planting, that which has been planted. In Ecclesiastes 3:es 5-9, we've covered this lately, so I think we have some synergy in looking at this again. Who then is Paul and who is Apollos? but ministers, servants by whom you believed even as the Lord gave to every man. God given gifts to the church that speaking the truth and love, we may what? Grow up. &gt;&gt; God having uh uh looked out over this seed and he says, "I have planted Apollos watered." So he's showing the labor that one does to plant churches, to sew the word of God, to do these things and Apollos waters, but God gave the increase. &gt;&gt; Amen. So he says, see, neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that waterth, but God that giveth the increase. The planting is the Lord. The watering is the Lord. Because he says, now he that planteth he that wareth are one, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Part of the same labor. The one that waters waters the seed that's been sown. The w the one that plants is it plants the seed that's been given. Says, "And every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor." still in the image of Adam to labor over a planting. And he says in verse nine, we are labors together with God. &gt;&gt; I want you to take that personal, not just Paul and Apollos. We are labors together with God. You are a labor in his vineyard. Then he says, you are God's husbandry. You are God's building. We should look at ourselves as the garden that he is cultivating, that he is enriching, that he has planted a seed of eternity within that needs to be germinated, that needs water, that needs light, that needs to be cared for to bring forth fruit because you are God's husbandry. That means God's building. You are the planting of the Lord. You are trees of righteousness that require growth. But then he says, "We are labors together with God." I don't want you just to limit that to Paul and Apollos and the ministers mentioned here in 1 Corinthians 3. But you are a servant in the same vineyard, looking after, caring for those things that God has given you. As the musicians come in Psalms chapter 90:1 17, it says this, "And let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us." Isn't that what we desire? He has made everything beautiful in his time. So if there is eternity planted in my heart, then I want the beauty of the Lord, the beauty of eternity to be upon me. It's not, oh look, I'm beautiful, but it's this longing. Let let the beauty of the Lord, let this this way that God is and his nature, let it be upon me. So the prayer is, and establish thou the work of our hands upon us. &gt;&gt; Yay, the work of our hands, establish thou it. What a prayer. Because we have this sacred responsibility to cultivate and protect our God-given talents. We have a a sacred responsibility to look after life. And there is a responsibility to labor in the field that God has given us with the with the vision of a fruitful harvest. Let the beauty of the Lord be upon me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I have this responsibility. can't just say, "Well, I was born again, fully adopted on such and such date, such and such time, and now we're just kind of waiting for all these other knuckleheads to get the birth so we can get out of here." But no, I have a responsibility. &gt;&gt; And I'm not so much concerned with all the external things of how good we can make our church services, but I really, really want to live a life that's fruitful. &gt;&gt; Because listen, think about it. In church, you're just you you're really there as an individual enter looking at the word and hopefully feeding on the word of God &gt;&gt; and and and wrestling it out so that something inside of you is strengthened and encouraged because then when you leave, that's when the real Christianity starts. &gt;&gt; That that's in the nature of the author. That's in the nature of God &gt;&gt; to live an overcoming life. that we're look more to the fruits of our personal lives and our personal callings as opposed to just how rad our church services can be, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And just how much movement we can have and how we can just be so excited on Sunday morning that when we just barely survive the week through all of our habits and nastiness and lies and backslidings, we just can't wait to get to church on Sunday and feel good again. That's not a that's that's a shallow yield. &gt;&gt; We should be laboring in the field that God has placed us in with a vision to the harvest. &gt;&gt; So he says, God establish the work of our hands, the work of your hands. He has made everything beautiful in his time, but now it's the work of our hands. God give the increase to our work as laborers together with you in your vineyard. give the increase to the planting of eternity in my life and in my family. &gt;&gt; I think this is a very important and if you think I'm overestimating it, that's fine. I no offense, but to me, I began to feel in my heart over the past week, this may be one of the most important things I've ever preached, the planting of eternity. We have a responsibility over the planting, the tree, the life, the seed of eternity that is in each one of us. &gt;&gt; Is not my life a reflection of what is on the inside of me? &gt;&gt; Can I not say and do things that might not accurately depict the grace and humility that is in eternity? Is there a way that I can live which is much below the power and the potential of the planting of eternity that is in my life and maybe more uh to to a greater detriment? Could I be mistreating you because I don't regard the eternity that's been planted in your heart? Could I be so focused on the external things and the outward appearance of things that I haven't taken time to look after the soul and the planting of eternity in my children's heart and ask myself what's nourishing that? [Music] What what is ministering to their spirits? Now you think about that. You feed them every day. You clothe them and that's meats for the belly and the belly for meats. What's going into their minds? What's going into their hearts? How much of it is the Tik Toks and the Instagram reels and all the things that they see and the shorts and all the social media and all the movies and music and entertainment. All those things are feeding their spirit. And you're like, well, they have a roof over their head and I buy them clothes and I feed them and I let them do all this, but they're not happy or they're not satisfied. They don't have good temperaments. It's because you're not giving them things that really satisfy. Try it. Try to bring the word of God into your home. Bring prayer into your home. Bring devotions into your home. Start feeding on the things that satisfy the soul. And you watch. It's thus sayeth the Lord. Things change because now the planting of eternity begins to take preeminence. And so, never forget that there's a tree of righteousness in you and in your children and in your home. and that has to be cared for. God, help us in this responsibility of the planting of eternity. Let's stand together. Let's pray together. Maybe you could say, we could all pray as a prayer today. Establish thou the work of our hands upon us. Notice, let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us. Establish thou the work of our hands upon us. That's where the beauty of the Lord's going to come from. the work of our hands. Establish it just as you established a garden in Eden. Lord, bring forth your beauty in our lives. Let that be our prayer today. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, as we've shared these very simple principles and repetitive with a lot of themes that have been used over the last several years, I find that there is a a cycle of revisiting these very strong principles and these themes because we must take account and reckoning of the field as we enter into this harvest time. We enter into this fall season, this autumn season, and oh, just how we love going out and just picking out the perfect heirloom pumpkins and getting all the wreaths out and the wheat and all the things that relate to the fall and the harvest and decorating our homes with it and the pumpkin spice lattes, Lord, that we'll just enjoy for the next few months. Lord, there's a sense of fall and harvest and all that it comes with. Lord, shouldn't we take a stop, a moment to stop and say, "Wow, if this is the external vanity that Solomon was talking about, what about the real planting and harvest that he pointed to? What about the harvest in our lives of all the seeds that we've been sewing all year?" We could look at families who backslide or we could look at individuals that go through hard things and surely, Lord, they could take a look at their life and say, "Wow, I haven't been planting for a spiritual harvest. I've been sowing to the wind and I'm reaping the world and I've sowed to the flesh and I'm reaping corruption. That's why my faith has failed. That's why I found myself horrified and without a place to stand in a moment of temptation. Oh God, I pray that you would inspire us to be better dressers and keepers of this vineyard. Lord, give me leadership and wisdom as a pastor how to explore this theme scripturally and through the message of the hour so that we could be rooted and grounded in the proper things that we could take this discernment we have by the word and find this right balance of sewing and reaping. Bless all that are here today. Lord, may their homes be strengthened by their determination to let the beauty of the Lord be upon them. May their marriages be strengthened by this determination to not try to have good Instagram pictures but by have real true interaction according to your nature that our marriages could be stronger. Lord let us not be afraid of how our children would respond to speaking to their souls and nourishing their souls for Lord that is a worthy endeavor. Lord, we could approach it by stripping them bare of all worldly comforts and all natural enjoyments and put such parameters upon them to where they find themselves in deep despondency, having been deprived of all these things that youth enjoy by nature and instinct of the flesh. And we'll be no closer to finding you if we don't speak to the eternity that's in them. Better is the sight of the eyes. Better is it then for them to see the nature of the true gardener, see the nature of Christ in us &gt;&gt; than to fight the wandering of desire. Help us, Lord, to be those keepers and co-abors together with you in your nature according to your vision that we might see a fruitful harvest and you thereby be glorified. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
