################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - Bro Eliezer Castillo  I Am Blessed - Eliezer Castillo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   Bro Eliezer Castillo:  I Am Blessed
Speaker: Eliezer Castillo
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxhJH32FIvc
========================================

Description:
Bro Eliezer Castillo:  I Am Blessed
Wednesday Service: April 16, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
If you'd like to turn with me to Psalms 23 and verse 5, I've got um a very simple thought in my heart and um but I think it's it's something that stems over not only in my life but um lives that I've seen around me and and um just kind of um how God blesses us and anoints us and what it really means for that. And I just want to kind of give that thought out. Psalms 23:5 here. I'm gonna have it in my tablet, but I want to go to the scripture because it's um I I think from the youngest to the oldest, everybody knows that scripture. Um I'm sure most of us can recite it without even reading it. But in five, it says, "Thou preparest the table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Let us just pray after this scripture. Heavenly Father, Lord, we have read your scripture. Now we just ask that you continue to take control of this service, Lord, and just give us what we need, Father, Lord, so that we may not only be encouraged, but that we may just feel ready to go and and understand your goodness and your blessings around us. Father, touch each and every person here. Father, whatever continual thing that they they need. Lord, I just ask that you just work in their lives as we speak. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. You may be seated. Um I I was reading the the um the message um why little Bethlehem that's preached in 1958. And brother Brandham, he really um goes into detail of David's little trial whenever he was a fugitive king and how God anointed him. He anointed his head and now he finds himself in this predicament of well I'm here amongst enemies. I'm I'm here not crowned as a king but yet you anointed me Lord. And brother Brandham said that when he was in those caves, when he was between the Philistines and Saul, he began to remember this song that he sang that he remembers when he was a young kid and and he would sing this song, Lord, you are my shepherd. I shall not want. And he would remember how him as a shepherd, he would lead the sheep and and he would see himself as a sheep and he say, Lord, I am just like that little sheep. and and he had to go back to those times of whenever he sang this song and saying,"Lord, even though I'm surrounded by enemies, even though I've got all these issues, yet Lord, you have blessed me. You have anointed me." And um and it's an amazing thing because sometimes brother Brandham he says after he says that he says I remember when I was a little boy preacher and whenever the pastures were green and when everything was okay but now the battle is on. Now we're we're in the heat of the battle and we can go back and we can see our time in the little eagle's nest and and how God took care of us and how we had these little revivals in our lives. But now the the battle is on in our lives. And and sometimes we have to understand Lord, you have blessed me. That I am a blessed person. I am an anointed person. I I started to think about this thought of being blessed. And and um I often hear statements and I'm sure I've said it a lot of times where it's like, "Lord, I'm so blessed. Oh man, brother, sister, I'm blessed because I I I've got another position in my job or oh, because of this or because of that or so and so was healed and and we're just so blessed. And we kind of use those kind of that statement saying, "Oh, I'm blessed because uh my children are doing good or I'm blessed because I got a promotion or I feel so blessed. This is just a blessed day." And sometimes um we don't understand why we're saying it or sometimes we'll hear the world say it saying, "Oh, I am so blessed." And a lot of times we hear it or we say it because of maybe good fortune or of good circumstances. And we say, "Man, I'm so blessed." You know, you can drive up with a Ferrari and oh man, I'm so blessed. And everybody's going to be like, "Uh-huh. He's so blessed. Look at him." Why? It's that's just the way we think that that is blessings. And today that's the the word blessed. It's often used for somebody to that has received material things, earthly benefits, um such uh wealth, success, their health, boot, uh beauty, social uh honor. Being blessed in this modern sense has become um to mean having more better things than the average person, right? we can all be the same, but if if I get promoted, then I'm the blessed one, right? And um that that's that's how being blessed is being associated now. It's associated with abundance, comfort, s uh uh uh visible prosperity. And in this this view, being blessed is um seeing that we're we're living higher than others or or we're we're doing something better than the average person or something. And but but we have to understand that that is just a shallow way of looking at what being blessed is. Um if if you're not careful if if you have social medias or something, you can see people that are very blessed. They can put hashtag blessed and they'll have many filters and be in in the Bahamas and all of that and we can say, man, these people are blessed. But that's just a shallow version of what being blessed is. It's being misused. And it's what what's happening is it taking the value of what the true meaning is. And if you think about it, when we think about being blessed that way, it becomes unstable. It becomes unstable because what happens when the fortune is gone? What what happens when we don't feel blessed, right? Whenever we we feel like we uh something happens in our family, a sickness happens, some something happens, then if we're basing our blessings around material or outward things or outward circumstances, then our blessing is going to go from up here to down there to up here because blessings are going to be token and blessings going to be given throughout our lives. If we look at it that way and and um then we'll un think like oh well I guess I'm not as blessed as other people. Maybe I just missed out on the lot of blessings. But it's because they're looking around these things and and I think the reason why people have this shallow that thing because they don't understand the revelation of what blessed actually is or blessed comes from the Bible. If you'd like to turn with me in uh 1 Peter 4:14, Peter, he's um showing a picture of what being blessed is. He says, "For if ye be reproached in the name of Christ, happy are you. For the spirit of the Lord and of God resteth upon you. On on their part he is evil speak spoken of but on your part he is glorified. Now it says if ye be approached in the name of Christ, happy are ye. and it'll automatically make well it made me think that I'm happy because I'm being reproached from Christ because of Christ. But that's not what it's saying here. It's not saying that be be happy because you're being reproached. But it says happy are ye for the spirit of glory restth upon you. The spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you. That word if you look at every other translation is because so happy you are you not because you're getting reproach not because you're going through those things for the sake of Christ but because the Holy Spirit is resting upon you and that word happy the literal translation is you if you are being reproached in the name of Christ you are blessed because the spirit of the glory of God resteth upon you. So that word it's to be blessed. It's macarios which is far more deeper than just being happy. Happy is just the the root word for happy is h a p. It means luck. So when you're happy it's because of good fortune or if it's it's because of some kind of lucky deal that you got and that's going to be unstable. It's all going to leave one day and then you'll get it back the next day. But this happy is a blessed is no matter what you're going through. Whether you're going through a good time or you're going through a bad time, you are blessed. That's a big difference than, man, I just got a check in the mail. I'm blessed. Or I just got this, I'm blessed. Or this is happening, I'm blessed. or this isn't happening. I'm not blessed. When you take all of that or all those things are happening to you, you could still say, "Thank you, Lord. I am blessed." Why? Because you're suffering? No. Because the spirit of God resteth upon you. The Holy Spirit is with you. And and if if we see it the other way, there's going to be fluctuations from ups and downs. Now the same word that's uh macarios or blessed this this is the same word Jesus uses in the biatitudes Jesus didn't say um blessed are thee for you are or if you are healthy or healthy or strong. He said blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn. Now if you see it that way now we understand now we're not being blessed because we are mour mourning or because we are poor but it is a characteristic of the blessed that sometimes we are going to go through those things. We are poor in spirit but those that are are in the spirit that are in that have the spirit in them they are blessed whether they areing whether they are poor in spirit. Blessed are the meek. Blessed are they that which hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sakes, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my name for my sake. Rejoice exceedingly glad. Be happy. Rejoice. Be happy. Why? You're blessed. The Holy Spirit is with you. For your reward for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted the prophets which were before you. Now it says he he he describes that condition of being blessed that the spirit of the glory of God is resting upon you. That is the condition of being blessed. Jesus he says in Luke 4:18 he says the spirit of the Lord restth upon me. He said, "Blessed are thee because the spirit rests upon you." He said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor, and he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering the sight of the blinds, to set at liberty them that are bruised." So this blessing is the favorfilled condition that flows from anointing. He said he said the so the condition of being blessed is the spirit being on you. Now Jesus is saying the holy spirit or the spirit is on me because I have been anointed. So now we we are being blessed because of the spirit of the the anointing flowing from us. that the Holy Spirit is with us. Brother Brandham, he says in the message, why are people so tossed about? He says, "Some people gets the wrong impression of what anointing is." Did you ever think that when the greatest anointing ever give to anyone, what did they do when they had the anointing? The greatest anointing that was ever given to anyone was Jesus Christ. We have the spirit, but by measure he had it without measure. And one day he entered into the temple and picked up a scroll and read and read said, "The spirit of God is upon me, for he hath anointed me to preach the acceptable year to the blind um to bind up the broken hearts, to heal the sick, to give sight to the blind." And now we we would think if such an anointing was on him had been prophesied 800 years before that it would come and here it was with a type of anointing the fullness ble the full blessing and anointing of Lord upon him. We would want to run all over the building scream and holler. So people say oh man the anointing's on me. The first thing we want to do is jump and holler. But he says, "When the anointing, the fullness of the Holy Spirit, the fullness of God was in this man, how did he act?" He said, "We see that when we hear about anointing, what do we want to do? We want to jump and holler, run around everywhere because think that's anointing. We think that's that's what it is but he says but the Bible said he laid down the scroll and he sat down and precious words proceeded out of his mouth. That's what he done under anointing. The anointing is not an emotion. The anointing is supreme power in control knowing exactly what and how. See, that's where the bride is at today. We are not in a jumper jumping and hollering and and stammering and all of this. We are when the anointing comes, the fullness of the anointing comes on the bride. It's a sitting down and taking up the word and speaking. It's knowing who they are. It's where he could look at prophecy and say, "This day, this has been fulfilled. This scripture has been fulfilled." when we could be anointed fully from God when everybody's saying, "Oh, I'm blessed. I'm blessed." The bride is there with enemies all around them. Brother said in the in the message why um little Bethlehem, he said, "What are the enemies?" Whenever the devil says, "Oh, just take a drink for of social reasons. Oh, just just do this. Just just drop the bar just a little." Those are your enemies surrounding you. Every time the enemy wants to take you out of your character, wants to take you out of blessing, wants to take you out of those things. But you are blessed. You have been anointed around the world, around the the enemy. You're anointed. He says, or it says uh to be blessed is to be anointed. It is to have the spirit of God resting upon you, guiding you, strengthening you, and setting you apart. This blessing isn't um isn't something that fades with circumstances or changes with seasons. The blessings that the people have, the world has, those change with circumstances. Those will change with seasons. We can be we we can have good things. We can have be blessed. But that isn't a definition of why we are blessed. That doesn't mean that we're blessed. We're blessed whenever his anointing is with us. Brother Brandham says you can have all these things and and doesn't mean God's blessing is on you. We can have all these things and we could I could say we can have the lack thereof doesn't mean God's blessing is on us or that his his blessing isn't on us. His blessing is whenever his anointing comes and rests upon you and not just like how brother Brandham says in the anointed ones at the end times where it'll it'll touch somebody that we get experiences of the Holy Spirit. No, it's an indwelling. If ye abide in me and I abide in you, that's for the end time. Where we are fully abiding in Christ. You know, I was um um studying there there's uh theological words called transcendence and and imminence and that there's some people that say how God is transcendent and means that God he is greater and above everybody. And it reminds me of brother uh Erin's message on um uh what was it? It it was when he was talking about the art uh and he was talking about how something is common and how people will separate God into this great holy thing to where he cannot be touched that he is greater his thoughts are far greater and yes there is scripture that that God is transcendent but then this other word means he's which means he's imminent means he's in us he's in everything and he's acting ly working now. And and I truly believe that that is where Christ is today. But I don't believe his imminence is everywhere. I believe he's omnipresent. I believe that there is a a a sparrow where he knows every single feather on its head. That the sun cannot go up without him. That that his presence is is everywhere. But his imminence is only in his bride. That he's actively working in his people. That he's just like when Jesus on was on the earth, the sun was still rising and the sun was still going. The moon was going around and all things were going. And that was because of the power of God. Yet the imminence and the presence, the fullness of God was in a man named Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham said that today is going to be the same way. That the fullness of God was going to be in a group of people that were going to be despised and rejected, but yet they were going to hold the fullness of his anointing. And we weren't going to be just like in the past ages where we get an anointing. We get some kind of anointing and we feel like we're an anointed one and we jump and shout and we we create doctrines. But it's where we can sit down with the word and begin to speak. The word can be revealed. Why? Because word has been revealed. And now we can open it because we are anointed to read it. We are anointed not only to read but to step into it. I truly believe that's where his Holy Spirit is today is in us. So his anointing that is his blessing and his blessing is his anointing. And I started to think about David how this young man he was um brother Brandham called him or the Bible calls him a ruddy kid and brother just continues on. He's a little little tiny guy, runt of a guy. And yet God calls this man. Finally Saul, he kind of sended his way around away from the anointing. The prophet Samuel cries for him as he should because he was the anointed king. And he's crying because he knows that everything fell apart. That the people, he felt like the people rejected him. God raised up a man and now he's being rejected by God. And here's this man distraught, crying. And God says, "Get up. I've chosen another one. I chose one. I chose of my own choosing." I believe that's where we're at. I believe there's people that that will rise there. There's things that will rise. There's thoughts that will rise. But there's a people that have been chosen by his own choosing. That was David. He was chose by God's own choosing. It reminds me of whenever the churches were going in that vision and and he would see these churches and and as he would see them, it it almost seemed like they would degrade more and more. A and as a prophet, he began to cry. And he says, "What have has all this been in vain? All of his labor felt like it was in vain because these churches, these people, and I I truly believe that maybe that's how Samuel felt. This man had been anointed and now he's fell." But there was a bride that came up and he said, "Hold on. There's another one. Hold on. This is the bride. It's not going to be a great people. It's not going to be g great cathedrals and great uh intellectual things. It's going to be just like brother Brandham called David little runs and ruddies and just but yet that is the apple of his eye. And it wasn't because of how great these people were just like Saul, but it was what was in his heart. Amen. It was his dedication to the Lord. And he goes and he sees him and and in the message why little Bethlehem, he says, "But the prophet with the anointing oil in his hand, he said, haven't you got another one?" He went from brother to brother to brother. And maybe each one said, "Oh man, this is the reason I could be king." The other one says, "Man, I'd be a good king because of this." Then the strongest said, "I'd be the strongest. I'm just almost as tall as Saul. But every single one and even Samuel with his own eyes saw, wow, that one could be him. Wow. Why? Because he was looking with his own eyes. And you know what? The world can look at with in their own eyes and they can see what the bride should be. They can see what an anointing should be. But then he says, "Haven't you got another one?" And he brought them one by one until finally he said, "Haven't you got another one?" He said, "I've got one, but perhaps he wouldn't be nothing. He's just a little dried up sort of a fellow. We got him out here hurting sheep." He said, "Go get him." And as soon as he he fell in his eyes of the um he uh he fell in the eyes of the anointed prophet, he poured the oil on his head and run to meet him and said, "God is is this the um this is the one God chose." See, see, it's not the tinsel always of the world. It's God's choosing. And by God's grace, he chose us. We're so grateful for that this morning. I imagine this young man anointed to be king. Anointed to be the man of the hour. He was anointed, but he was never appointed. He wasn't appointed at that time. A young man anointed to be the king of Israel. Not only that, but through his lineage. I'm sure he didn't know yet his lineage, the son of David was out there waiting. His lineage, the son of David was going to be there. Anointed to say, "The Lord has anointed me. His spirit resting upon me." Young man, anointed yet not appointed. He was anointed to be king, but yet another man was on the throne. That's you have to think about this is is what a dangerous position he was in surrounded by enemies. Now, surrounded by by all of these things, yet God chose him. God chose him to be the king. Oh man, for me when I read this simple story I say Lord that's me. That's me anointed. Unworthy but anointed. He could have chose anybody but he chose a chosen people. And and the amazing thing is is we're anointed. God has given his anointing his Holy Spirit. Yet one day we will be appointed. One day we will be standing with the King of Kings and the bride by her his side. But right now she's rejected by the world, unrecognized. Brother Brandham said whenever David was in his situation, he said that he there was a denomination on one side, religious on the other side, but yet there the bride sets. That's where she's at today. She's at at at a point of anointing. And everywhere you go, even though you're living just a regular life, an everyday life, you do things every day mundane, you have been chosen by God. You have been chosen so that one day you'll be standing there with Jesus Christ. So nothing changed hourly. I'm sure he was still picked on by his brothers. Who knows? He still went back and tending sheep. He still did the same exact things. He still just lived his own life. But brothers, something spiritually shifted outwardly the same kid. Was there a crown put on his head? No. He was the same David. Yet something spiritually was inside of him. The Bible, it says, "The spirit of the Lord came mightily upon David from that day forward." Man, what an amazing thing. He was an anointed king. And God, you know how good God is? Put him right where the enemy was at. Right where the very one that wanted to kill him, he set him right there in the enemy's courts. Faithful, serving the Lord. Brothers, we have darts all around us. You have situations going on in your lives every single day that's trying to cause you to fail. Cause you to say, "Hey, you're not anointed. Hey, I'm the anointed one. We there there is one that is still the God of this evil age. He's still standing there in that throne of this world." even to the point when he saw the son of David, he said, "Hey, look at all all of this kingdom that I have. If you bow to me, you can have everything." But brother Brandham says he knew all of those kingdoms would fall to him in the millennial reign. And now the bride of that very king is right here standing here. And the devil's doing the same thing. You see, we're sitting in the court. We're blessing the world. The Bible says, "You are the light of the world." The The Bible said whenever whenever the anointing came upon David, a spirit, a evil spirit went upon Saul. So, the world, there's an evil spirit out to get the bride. There's an evil spirit wanting back the kingdom. Yet he's he's actively ruling now. He's actively working right now. Yet there is a David in their midst. There's a David working. There's a David not only working in their midst, but blessing him. Isn't that beautiful that you can go to work and you can bless somebody else? That sometimes they're so quick to blaspheme the word. They're so quick to to make fun of a Christian. They're so quick to do all those things, yet you're there blessing them. No, I I I remember just a it's just a little thought that came to my mind, but I have a a buddy named Job, and every time something bad happens to him, he says, "What's going on, man? Like, what? You're not praying for me or what's going on?" and and he's he's just joking around, but he understands not because of me, but he understand that there is a God that there is some kind of blessing, some kind of blessing behind the children of God. And if he could only understand that he could receive that blessing also, that he's not only getting an outward anointing or outward blessing, but he could step into that That's what we're doing every single day when we go out into the world. Nothing changed. And and God, he positionally placed David right there at the favor of Saul. And there, that's when the evil spirit just grew and grew and grew and just wanted to take over because he understood how blessed this man was. everywhere he went. Everywhere he went, Saul slaying his hundreds and David his hundreds of thousands. And he he started to understand like, man, I I do not want this guy because I think he caught the revelation. I think he understood that this man is going to take my place if I don't out of the scene. He's going to stand in mystead. What did he begin to do? He he tried to murder him. He tried to take him out of the scene and there was this this u back and forth of no I love you but I hate you and I love you but I hate you and and David finally had to leave because it was getting too dangerous and there he finds himself hiding in caves. Now think about it. Anointed by God to be king hiding in caves. Now this didn't happen over years. I mean over months. This happened they they say approximately 13 years he was hiding and acting as a fugitive. I started to think about that and man that revelation that the prophet gave the the bride when the se came up and he says I no more call you the church you're the bride. I truly believe that name change wasn't the anointing upon them saying I what have I I have done is I've set you apart now it was 63 it's about almost around 62 years anointed going around place to place preaching the word the the world doesn't care any any bit they're reection ing this there. There's an outward hatred towards this. When we think of blessing, we don't usually think of see a picture of someone hiding in caves, sleeping in the wilderness, or constantly fleeing from their life. But that's where we find David. That's exactly where he was at. Yet he was anointed and he was blessed. Brother Brandham, he continues on in paragraph 90 and why little bethlehem. He says, "Another great event that I wouldn't forget to call." That was when David was in the worst time when he was a fugitive. He already been anointed. He knowed what he was to be. He was to be king. God said so. And yet he was hated standing in between two deep fires. Here with the Philistines on one side after him. Here was Saul on the other side. And he was a man without a nation just as the church stands today. The true living church of God without a denomination or anything else. She stands alone. But yet she had the anointing poured on her. She knows what she what she is. Praise God. The anointed bride surrounded just as David was. But her identity comes from the anointing and not the approval of men, not by outward blessings. That's that's where we can say that happy are we that we are reviled. Happy are we. Why? Because the spirit of God rests upon us. My blessing, my my joy, everything that I am does not consist of these outward things. These things, they're good. We need them. And and and the Bible says, "Continue to work." Jesus told told um uh when he was giving that parable it said occupy till I come. So there there is a working and there there's something that we have to do before the fullness or the climax of his coming. There's things that we have to do yet he's here now that his imminence is here. His presence is here. And and and because of that, we we are waiting and we are working and we are preparing ourselves for that beautiful climax where the dead in Christ shall raise once more. And that what will that be? That will be our crowning. That be will be the fullness of our glory. The crown always represents the glory. And one day we will be fully glorified with Jesus Christ, seeing him face to face. Now, that would be a beautiful thing to see Christ face to face. It's amazing to to know that he's here yet there's a thirst to see him, that he's here fully, not just like he was in other ages, not like he he was. He's here because he's already poured out his spirit spirit. That's what I I like about the that word. I believe it's pouring out. It means if if I drop this, this is pouring out. I'm going to drop it. But whenever you get a a bottle of water, you begin to pour out. It it begins to come out gradually. It begins to descend down. And the Bible says that he will descend. And he is coming and he is here at the same time. That's where we stand. Anointed. Brother Brandham, he says his um his messiahic anointed ones believe that. What is Messiah? What is the Messiah? The Messiah is anointed one. And now if he was the Messiah being the anointed one for this day for um for that day to fulfill the word of God to be redeemer and to be the anointed one and God raised up that body his bride is the anointed one for this day. It's already raised with him in the resurrection because these two are one. We're not just following Christ. That's the amazing thing. We're just not following him. We're just not feeling an anointing. We are partakers. We're partakers of his anointing. I was um continuing to study while I was studying this that about the imminence and the imminent and the uh transcendent. Well, there's these two words that sound exactly the same. Imminent return of Christ means we're expecting that he is going to come but we are expecting or there's an imminent return of the imminent God that that now we are not just feeling an anointing but he's here today. Brother Brandham, he continues and he says, "How was it that day Satan took took him on a high mountain and said, if thou be the son of God, fall down and worship me. I give you all these kingdoms, they are mine. I do with them whatever I want to. I'll give them to you if you just worship me." Jesus knowing that they will fall heir to him in the millennium, he said, "Get thee behind me, Satan, for it is written, for thou shalt worship thy God, and him only thou shalt serve." Satan got in the back of him. Brothers, sisters, we're we're fugitives. We feel like the world is against us. Yet, we have to understand that God has given us a special blessing. if you'd like to stand with to your feet that whenever we say I am blessed we should think of it deeper instead of whenever we get a new car or we get something and say oh man I'm so blessed but one day it's going to break down because in reality all those aren't true blessings all those things those are given and they're taken away the true blessing of God is his Holy Spirit in his people. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I just ask that you continue to work in each and every person here. Father, that though it's the middle of the week and some most of us have to go to work and continue on with the week, yet Lord, you have set us apart. Father, we can be part of yet we are still set apart from all of these things, from our daily work and our daily struggles and all of these things, Lord. And I just ask that you just continue to give us a deeper revelation of who we are, Father, and how you've called us. and that this this is not just a regular Christian life, Father, but this is something much deeper that you want to show us who you truly are and so that we can change because by this word, by this word that has already been given, not some other word, not some other thing. This that has already been given is going to change us to who you are. Lord, I ask Father that you just bless each and every person, Father. Whatever things that they're going through, Father, whatever struggles humanly, Father, sometimes it's just so easy to look at the circumstances, Father. So easy just to go back to regular life. But Father, I ask Lord that you just refresh that anointing, refresh that that remembrance to them, Lord, of who they are. And by remembering and understanding who they are, they may act accordingly, Father, they may believe accordingly. We thank you, Jesus. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. [Music]
