################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - The Prophet and The Philosophers - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   The Prophet and The Philosophers
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7bANYiQHn8
========================================

Description:
The Prophet and The Philosophers
Sunday Service: June 22, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
If you could turn to Titus chapter 1, I'm going to read verse 12 and then jump into my thought. We'll do a little bit of background for just a few things on Wednesday night as they kind of connect together and then if you want to hold your place in Titus, we'll come back to um these verses here very quickly. Titus chapter 1 verse 12. one of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, "The cretins are always liars. Evil beast, slow bellies." The cretins are always liars, evil beast, slow bellies. Amen. You can be seated. Hope nobody takes personal offense to that description. Uh to be liars, evil beast, and slow bellies. Uh but we can see here Paul is using some very strong language and quoting somebody else in doing so. And so Paul being a prophet, my title today is the prophet and the philosophers. As Wednesday night we ministered on the prophet and the poets uh wanting to look at how pro the prophet Paul used works of art in popular culture uh to teach the believer but then also to reach the sinner. and we went to uh covered it in great detail I believe on Wednesday night and even this morning there's going to be a lot of practical things that are covered and so I know you might think in terms of well what does this have to do with art and how can I apply this to something I might see in a museum and uh there might be ways you try to pigeon hole it into just even the subject of witnessing but there's a lot of practical things that are covered and certain principles that'll even help us with elements of the message today as you look at the ministry of Paul you see such a tremendous parallel to the word that we've received today. And so I just encourage you at the outset just to try to really enter in and focus. Don't necessarily try to get ahead or make it fit some uh maybe narrative that you think I'm trying to express, but just really focus and say, "Lord, what can I glean from this? What can I take away from this?" Because there's going to be u a lot of examination of history and certain sources. And I believe they can provide some real helpful insight, some perspective and again help us to understand that things that even brother Brandham taught today and sources that he drew from uh is something that prophets do to make a point and what we want to get the point. It's not that we're trying to get the history right, but we want to get the point right. Now in Acts chapter 17 verse 28, we were reading this on Wednesday night. Paul in Athens and as he had been so moved by the sinfulness that was before him and he began to minister Christ uh to some of these groups of Stoics and these philosophers. It says he's now uh coming to this great sermon there uh in the Acropolis in Mars Hill and he says for in him we live and move and have our being. Now to us when we read this we read this from a at least a Judeo-Christian mindset. We think of Elohim, the one true God, and we say, "In him we live and move and have our being." And to that we say, "Amen." And he says, "As certain also of your own poets have said." And so now we think, well, he's referring to some other. He's referring to their source, not maybe the Old Testament or his source, but your own poets have said, "For we are also his offspring." The prophet used the poets. He quotes them here to preach the gospel to those who did not know his God. They may have known Zeus or Jupiter. they would have worshiped some other uh deities or other gods and they had their mythology. So, he uses something of their own to say we are also his offspring. And I know that this may seem self- serving to what I've been doing over the last several months, but I believe that Paul was using the arts and the art of his day to make Christ real even to say make them relevant or relatable by saying your own pro poets have said this and and you worship an unknown god, but I want to make him known to you so that you can realize this is the one that fits what has been said. And really when you look at it, we would say maybe this is a masterpiece or a masterclass in how that Paul preached this sermon to the Athenians. When we read this here, for we are also his offspring. We saw that it was from an ancient poem by Aratus uh in phenomena and how this very phrase was in that poem. We also found that it was in a poem written by Cleanths entitled the hymn to Jupiter. So those are places that we saw these very things uh that Paul is quoting these poets uh in his sermon to those on Mars Hill. But there's also a question as I you study this out and you look at these things and maybe for me it's just a burden that maybe drives me in to do this. For others it may be a curiosity. I had one brother reach out to me and said that he had been anxiously waiting for someone to minister on this subject for many years. And so now having that burden met, I don't know what they're going to do with the rest of their lives, but we've we satisfied that thirst that they had. But there's a question whether or not Paul is actually quoting poets in the first phrase because he says, "For in him we live and move and have our being as your own poets have said." And some say that applies to the first part and then we looked at how it does apply to the second part. Poets have alluded to uh Jove, we read that on Wednesday night. who fulfills everything and how the spirit of Zeus is moving in us. We can see there's certain applications to that. One of them was the soul of all created things that live and move on earth receive from thee the image of the one. This is being spoken of Jupiter, not Jehovah, not the one true God, not Elohim, but this is being spoken of a mythological God. And yet we see the language is similar to in him we live and move and have our being. Now this is also this phrase for in him we live move and have our being is a phrase directly from ancient writing. This I hope this doesn't stumble anybody to learn that Paul is quoting a pagan poem in Acts 17:28. But in the ninth uh there was a professor in the 20th century who came across a commentary in the book of acts from the 9th century and then also a a liturgy and it was a Syrian uh uh liturgy from in in the hundreds I don't know what the year it was. I I spent a lot of time trying to find what lectionary it was was but it referred to a poem and both of them relying on a Christian theologian from the 4th century. When you study some things, you'll find that one person says one thing and everybody then quotes that person. And sometimes you can't even find where the other person got it. But this seems to be widely accepted. And there was this 4th century Theodore was his name and he quoted a poem by Epheminities from Minos and Raha Domanthis. And it says, follow this. You're gonna you're gonna be tested on this later. Bring your blue books, your scantrons, and a lot of sharp pencils because we're going to test you on this. And this is the poem. This is an ancient poem. Now, it's this was written in BC, 4th century AD. It's being written down. And then these other later uh theologians and Christians relied upon it. A grave has been fashioned for thee, oh high and holy one. Thy lying cretins, who are all the time liars, evil beast, idle bellies, but thou diest not. For to eternity thou livest and standest, for in thee we live and move and have our being. So he's quoting this poem uh from this ancient poem written by some a mythological character is some say he lived 157 years that he went to sleep in a cave as a young man and slept for over 50 years and we all say I wish we could do that. uh and and so there's a lot of mythology that surrounds him, but he's accepted to be someone that wrote this poem. And this is the poem that he writes for the Zeus we live and move and have our be. And this is who Paul is quoting. Now, as we read that, you might have noticed some similarity to our text. So, let's look at Titus chapter 1. Let's start with verse 5. And we'll start walking through this very slowly. We'll look a little bit at just the location of this and then some specific principles. uh please just view this within the context of this singular sermon. Uh and then as the Lord will allow you to apply it into other areas uh that's great. I think it fits within the whole but I don't want you to get distracted. But just take it as it comes and may the Lord use it to strengthen you. Paul writes this and he's telling Titus uh that he's left him for this cause I left thee Titus inree that thou should have set in order the things that are wanting and ordering elders in every city as I had appointed thee. So Paul is leaving Titus in Cree. This is a Mediterranean island. It's about 60 mi long. It ranges from anywhere from 7 to 35 miles wide and it's very mountainous, very fertile and it's well populated. So it's a quite a big uh island today. And cit was the center of the manoan civila civilization. This is one of the first advanced civilization. Just a small island. A lot of culture, a lot of civilization came from it. First mention you have of the aisle cree is from Homer's Odyssey in which he mentions uh Cree as an island in the ancient Greek. And Cree, a lot of you students or if you've ever take a Greek literature class or Greek mythology, you'll see that Cree is an island that is associated with Greek gods and mythology. It's the birthplace of Zeus. It's where Zeus's son that half man half horse ruled and reigned King Minus and was there on the island of Creed is allegedly right you don't just I'm just telling you what the mythology teaches and historians have seen that from the time of Abraham even to Moses there was a real thriving civilization on this island even by 140 BC as a lot of Jews were being dispersed uh they had established a large enough colony that there on the alakrete they'd appealed for the protection of the Roman Empire in Acts chapter 2:1 we'll see that there were people from the aisle of creed or Christians that were present at Pentecost. They heard Paul preach. They were possibly conver converted and then returned back to their home country um as believers as converted Jews to Christianity and brought the gospel back. So with the gospel taking root on this island a and churches being established Paul says I'm leaving you Titus in cree for this purpose for one thing that was needful or this one thing that was needed to set in order the things that are wanting and ordain elders in every city. This is this won't stumble anybody that's here today but this would be something really hard for some people to accept. But he's saying I've left you here to set in order things that are needful. something that is lacking and that's to ordain pastors in every church. We might think pastor I can say that when brother Philip's not here cough Philip coffee he's the one that's like pastor what's a pastor uh these this is something that is needful in the sermon perseverance brother says I believe this is there's a church coming into that perfection that ministry of perfection where the offices where apostles prophets teachers pastors evangelists for the perfecting of the church them pastors and teachers and so forth will be so with the word so You're really not a ministry of perfection if you're not with the word. So with the word until the whole thing will work right up to the coming of the Lord. I believe that. I believe we're nearing that now. And so he's saying it's that ministry of perfection in these offices that we read about in Ephesians chapter 4. Later in the same sermon, he says now he set in the church to keep the church in line with the word. So you see now why Paul has left Titus is these ministries have to be placed in the church for the perfecting of the church to keep he says to keep the church in line with the word. He says apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, offices of the church. God sent not man called God sent inspired men to keep the church lined up. And then he says gifts of the spirit in the church. not a bunch of fanaticism but truly gifts of the spirit in the church keeping the church. So this is where brother Brandham even shows how important it is to have god- sent God-called wordbased uh gifts in the church to keep the church lined up. Otherwise there can be a lot of fanaticism surrounded around gifts in the church because he says gifts of the spirit not a bunch of fanaticism but true gifts of the spirit keep the church in order and keep it in line. In the sermon, God's provided way for this day, he asked the question, what is a gift? And he says, a gift is just get yourself out of the way and let the Holy Spirit use you. That's the gift. My dad used to tell me that the gift is not getting started. The gift is ending. And so that was his take on the gift. Now, I guess that way if you can end a sermon, you've got the gift. But he says that's what a minister is. He don't preach what he wants to preach. He gets himself out of the way. It's a gift. And inspiration comes and he speaks through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Another any other gift is the same way. So we can look any gift is to not put yourself in the way but to get out of the way. He says ministerial gifts and so forth have been there is first God-given gifts first apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors and evangelist evangelists. That's the offices that is our gifts. So those are the gifts to the church. This is something that we can all say are our gifts. Do all speak with tongues? No. Do all prophesy? No. But the church has received these gifts and these are something that we can participate in and we can enjoy from. And this is why Paul is leaving Titus to ordain things that are necessary. Apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists. He said these offices are our gifts. In the sermon, I perceive you are a prophet. He says to bring up faith in Christ, there are ministers. And he makes this statement and uh I am very happy to share it with you. That's the most important thing of the day is a good God-scent preacher. And we can all debate on whether it's I'm good, God-scent, or even a preacher. But he says that's the most important thing of the day is a good God-scent preacher. I admire them. Their gift is far beyond anything that can be done in anything else is a preacher. A man who knows how to rightly divide the word of God. So these things were needful in for the churches that were being established in Cree. And it was something that Paul says, "I've got to go, but Titus, I'm going to leave you here so that you can ordain pastors in every city or in the churches that are being established in each one of these localities on this island." So that's the basis and the background for what Paul is doing. And by reading the statements of Brother Brandon, we could see that if brother Brandon preached the same gospel Paul preached, we could assume that Paul saw some of these same needs and believed in the same thing. And that's why he's teaching, training, establishing, and even pla even even placing Titus in that role. Not that Paul would be a one-man ministry controlling everything and dominating everything, but he could train and raise up and teach Titus to bring the gospel to those that Paul couldn't reach. So in verse six, we see then these qualifications for these elders that Titus is to ordain. So now Paul is wanting Titus to accomplish this great need, to fulfill this great need. And so as a as a teacher, as a a prophet, apostle, he's teaching Titus what to look for and those that he should place as a pastor. I heard one pastor do this one time and he said, "When you elect a pastor, be sure that he owns a truck." I haven't found that in the Greek here yet, but those are what someone will do when they want someone to have a successor or they're placing what they think the requirements are. Here is what Paul is say doing. He says, "If any," this is a man, "if any be blameless." One that you're wanting to place in this office of pastor, "If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children, not accused of right or unruly, they should," he's saying that these leaders should be above reproach, that they ought to be faithful in their relationships, raising responsible children. For a bishop must be blameless as a steward of God. They should be trustworthy, not self-willed, not soon angry, not given to whine, no striker, not given to filthy Lucer. You could see that he's someone that's going to be unselfish, self-controlled. He's going to avoid excess or violence and greed. These are all characteristics of one that Titus should be placing in this office of an elder, but a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men. So, he's welcoming. He values goodness. He's sober, just, holy, tempered. He upholds justice and integrity, holding fast the faithful word as he has been taught. So he's one that has been taught. He's holding fast that faithful word that he may be able to by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gains by holding up reliable teachings. He can encourage others. He can teach the believer and he can also refute false ideas. So hold that faith forward that you've been taught because it's by sound doctrine. It's by sound doctrine that you build up and you can even refute the critics. Only by sound doctrine, not by fanaticism, but by sound doctrine. And verse 10 gives us a little bit more context for this. I hope the summer can be pretty dry, right? So, I hope my sermon isn't drier than this summer. Maybe if you can put it in that context, maybe you realize maybe my sermon isn't as dry as you think it is. Says, "For there are," this is the reason why. Verse 10, for there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, especially they of the circumcision. So there's Jews on this island that he's saying the these now having believe in Judaism but now having kind of been married to this Greek culture and certain things there's many unruly vain talkers and deceivers even circumcised Jews who are these unruly they're disruptive they're deceptive individuals especially among those who claim special authority who claim to be of the circumcision he says whose mouths must be stopped they must be addressed because he's saying they spread these harmful teachings A and they do it for personal gain. Whose mouth must be stopped. Who subvert whole houses teaching things which they ought not for filthy Lucer's sake. This is the this is the scene. This is the context. This is the plot uh to this what Paul is trying to express here at the beginning of this epistle to Titus. Titus is going to be entrusted with ordaining pastors in every city where there were believers. The reason why is because they need to be taught the word of God. Then the believers are going to be relying upon gifted men of God who can rightly divide the word of God. And we can see some of these similar things said to Timothy to promote faith and virtue and to bring these things out in the believer's lives. And then he himself must be above reproach so that the believer can receive them. And that he himself must be of a cert certain temperament to lead and to guide and to also live a life before the people and before those outside of the faith so that he can by sound doctrine, not by argument or violence, but by sound doctrine refute criticisms or falsities that are shared against the church or even uh the word of God. Titus was a a special person. We've read before in Galatians chapter 2 how he was a Greek that Paul was not going to compel him to be circumcised. And you see, well, what need would have he had to be circumcised if he's going to be a pastor where on a Greek island if he's going to be a bishop and a leader here, placing pastors of the Greeks or Gentiles? Titus 1:4, Paul calls him his own son after the common faith. These are just some details about about Paul about Titus. It says in 2 Corinthians chapter 2, he says, "I found Titus to be or he speaks of Titus as being his brother." In chapter 8, he says, "He's my partner and fellow helper concerning you." And he says, "He's a messenger of the church and the glory of Christ." This is high praise for Titus. He's one that is a messenger of the church. He's a messenger of the glory of Christ. He is this prophet's partner and fellow helper. He is Paul's brother. He is his son in the common faith. These are all the ways that Paul expresses the relationship that Titus had to him. So Titus is his son. He is his fellow helper. He is his partner. He is a messenger to the church. He is a messenger of the glory of Christ. And to prepare Titus, he wants to give him context. Titus has the special task of being sure that the right kind of man is going to lead those churches, lead those believers and not just in church order or just to be able to kind of have nice gatherings and good meals afterwards, but to teach them the word of God so that they could be brought. It's a ministry of perfection. Brother Bram called it God's dressear in the church. It's how God declares his presence in the church. And so to prepare Titus, he gives him context and he he tells he's telling Titus, "This is what you should be looking for and this is what you're choosing from." This to me is the part that we're bringing up to. He wants to share his opinion and observation of the cretins or Christians, however you might want to say it. And this is what he says in verse 12. So now we've arrived at verse 12. It's smooth sailing from here. I hope now as he has said that these unruly and vain talkers and deceivers of the circumcisions mouths must be stopped. Now he says of the cretins themselves the creations themselves one of themselves even a prophet. He calls this person a prophet of their own. The cretans are always liars evil beast slow bellies. This is attributed to Epimenities that he is a prophet, a poet and a philosopher from Cree. Semi- mythical as we mentioned before. He's said to be one of the seven sages or seven wise men or should be is how one writer wrote it. He was a friend of salon. He was a Greek state Greek statements statesman and lawgiver. And I guess this is part of the mythology is said to have cleansed Athens of a plague. And this is told by a Spartan in Plato's laws. As Plato is giving this dialogue, it's a conversation between three elderly men on political philosophy. So, if we could just turn to Plato's laws, I'd like to read the dialogue. I've never read it, so I'm not going to read it. Don't own it, but uh it's one of the most important surviving works of ancient Greek political thought. And in this, so this is a source. This is where we have it because Plato shared this in this dialogue. and as he's sharing this and it's a very uh Plato's laws is a very uh uh important piece to the Greeks. Epimenities is credited with writing a poem. I'll read it in a moment. But he's also credited with writing oracles and poems and uh pros and poetries. He's accredited with a lot of many different works. And Epimenities believed that the lie of the Cretians was that Zeus was mortal. So Epimenities believed that Zeus was immortal. And so the Cretians believed that Zeus was born on a mountain created on a mountain. So Epimenities believed the lie was that Zeus was mortal. So he wrote this pro poem Credica and it says they fashioned a tomb for thee, oh high and holy one. The cretins or cretins always liars, evil beast, idle bellies, but thou are not dead. Thou livest and abidest forever. For in thee we live and move and have our being. So it's Epimenities who says that the Cretians are always liars, evil beasts, slowbellies, idle bellies. This is exactly who Paul is quoting when he says one of their own prophets, one of their own philosophers, one of their own poet says the Christians are always liars, evil beasts, slowbellies. So this is the phrase is drawn from this ancient poem Citica. It's also Calamakus in a hymn to Zeus said cretins are ever liars. Yay, a tomb, O Lord, for thee the cretins builded, but thou didest not die, for thou art forever. So it's in these different ancient poems in Greek mythology that this statement is made. The Cretians are liars, evil beast, slowbellies. Several early Christian writers credit Epimenities as Paul's a poet or prophet that he draws from Clement of Alexandria, St. Jerome, a lot of them wrote in those early period of the church saying Paul got this from Epimenities poem. Now think about this. I know that this sermon isn't going to be much longer than it has been already. So, we can just kind of relax and realize that there is an end to this torture. Through suffering comes character, and it's my job to make you suffer sometimes. But, but character will be your gain. Paul quotes, now just think about this. In reality, he quotes a pagan philosopher, a heathen prophet, a false poet, we want to use that, who wrote a poem to worship Zeus. He wrote a poem in defense of a mythological creature, one that they thought was real. And they had this story to him. And he's a god. He's forever. Oh Lord, for thee. Uh they built a tomb for you, but you never died. Thou art forever. The creations are liars. They fashioned a tomb for thee, oh high and holy one. But they're liars. Evil beast, slow bellies. You are not dead. You live and abide forever. For in thee we live and move and have our being. He's Paul is quoting a hymn, a secular song. He's quoting from AC/DC, right? This is him using He's quoting from the worst of the worst. Rolling Stone sympathy to the devil or for the devil. What is it? You tell me. He's quoting from that to say to make his point. And in Athens in Acts se 17, if you didn't listen to Wednesday night, you don't need to go back. I don't need the clicks. But if you want to get some com uh some context for this, in Acts chapter 17, to those at Athens, the hearers would have immediately associated this hymn with their worship. Immediately, many of them would have been these learned men, these ones that came to debate, these wannabe philosophers, whoever it would have been, they would have been like, "That's Eimenities. That's Calanthus. This is this is part of our mythology. The high and holy one is Zeus. This is Jupiter. This is Jove. And here Paul is using it very intentionally, very carefully. He's using it to enlighten Titus to the character of those that he's dealing with. He's using it to enlighten him to the very character of those that he wants the word to have an impact on. Their poor character was well known in uh historically the three worst Ks. You thought there was a worst KKK. The three worst case was cretins, capidocians and calissians. There's a phrase to play the Any anyone ever heard that? To play the It means to play the cheat and liar. Have quite the quite the reputation. Palibius, I know a lot of you follow him. He's an ancient Greek Greek historian from 2 century BC. He wrote the histories. He said the cretins on account of their innate avarice live in a perpetual state of private quarrel and public feud and civil stri strife. I want this on a bumper sticker. The cretins on account of their innate avarice live in a perpetual state of private quarrel and public feud and civil stri strife. I don't know why I keep saying stries. Strife. And you will hardly find anywhere characters more tricky and deceitful than those of the cretins. We need to do a 23 and me on some people. The prophet used the philosophers to make a point. He's making the point about the cretins for the benefit of Titus to know who it is that he's dealing with. He used their philosophers. He used their poets. He used their prophets to declare not just the context for Titus, but to declare the gospel to those who would believe. Right. In him we live and move and have our being. It's a line borrowed from this ancient poem and hymn to Zeus. And uh the cretins are always liars, evil beasts, idle bellies. He's borrowing this from the very observation of their own philosopher. The prophet is using these things not to show like he's like a Dennis Miller who can get enough pop culture references in in 5 seconds and an auctioneer can get in in 30 minutes. No, that's not the point. The point was to try to get something over to the people's hearts. Right. To me, this is a really a neat part. I share this with you just to see how how much nuance Paul is using and how sometimes when a prophet says something, we need we want to really understand what's behind it. Understand what he's trying to say. The Christians are always liars or the phrase is put all cretins are liars is a famous how many you know what this is the famous philosophical paradox. The epimemenities paradox. It creates a paradox of self-reference because or it's called a liars paradox is how some of you may know about this because a cretton makes the claim that all cretins are liars. You following me? Stick with me. If epimemenities states that all statements made by a are false since Epimenities is a his statement is false and not all cretins are liars. You confused yet? Let's look at the next one. This might help you. I appreciate the support, brother Joshua. I I need all the help I can get right now. This sentence is false. If this sentence is true, then it is false. And if it is false, then it is true. Right? This is what Paul is quoting. He's quoting from a who says all Christians are liars. Then we think, oh, there's a paradox here. This sentence is false is one it's a paradox. It creates this kind of what what do we do with this? A Greek philosopher in the 4th century BC said a man that says he is lying is what he says is what he says true or false. So this is again Paul is drawing from something that would have been a a riddle of their time would have been a paradox something something to be wrestled with. But let's look at Psalms 116 11. David said, 'I said in my haste, my excitement, all men are liars. Wow, we escaped. We escaped one there, brothers. That was the chance they'd all been waiting. They probably even had it highlighted if it's ever mentioned in church. I'm going to say amen as loud as I can. I That reminds me of the tweet where someone says, "If if a man a lady tweeted and said, if a man agrees with you, you're stupid." I think was the phrase. and a man said, "Uh, you're right." in response. And it's kind, well, that one's over. So, uh, St. Jerome in the homalies of the Psalms, 4th century AD, he writes, "Is David telling the truth or is he lying?" I know you're you're probably wondering, "Where am I going with this?" Stick with me. Is he telling the truth or is he lying? All men are liars. Well, is David telling the truth or is he lying? If it is true that every man is a liar and David's statement every man is a liar then David and David's statement is true that David also is lying. He too is a man. But if he too is lying his statement that every man is a liar consequently is not true. Whatever you turn to turn to the proposition the conclusion is a contradiction. Since David himself is a man it follows that he is also lying. But if he's lying because every man is a liar his lying is a different of a different sort. You said this these are things that people wrestle with and they think about. We're thinking this is what I'm trying to get away from brother Aaron in church. But Paul puts it right in front of us and he quotes the liars paradox. He quotes Epimemenities paradox. These are famous things maybe in academic circles and now it's a part of our circle and he says the cretins are always liars. Accretion has said this. It creates this paradox. Paradox is he lying? If he's lying then they're not all liars. Then it's true. But then Paul says in verse 13, see I had my backup here. This witness is true. He's playing the game. He's he's wrestling out the paradox. This witness is true. So he says, "Wherefore rebuke them sharply that they be may be sound in the faith." Paul quotes a famous paradox. He quotes their philosopher, their poet, their prophet. And the prophet confirms the philosopher in almost the same paradoxical manner. Yes, he said they're liars and what he's saying is true, but he doesn't affirm all the philosophers have said. He's not saying, "Oh, he is a true prophet." But he's doing it with respect to the character of the creations. So, he's being very careful with very careful and prudent attention. Paul is using the writings of the heathen poets for for the benefit of the believers. So he says rebuke them sharply. In other words, gentleness isn't going to impact these kind of people that the know your audience being gentle and this approach and this way that you might want to take it's not going to persuade them. And he's saying this to Titus not that he would try to persuade the sinner, reach the sinner on the testimony of popular culture, on philosophers, but based upon the prophet's confirmation. You I want you to catch this. The prophet's the one that quotes it and says this witness is true. It's upon this basis that you can convince them. Not on the basis of pop culture, not on the basis of philosophy, but on the basis of what the prophet has confirmed. This is a lesson to us to recognize there's a way that we want to follow in the word of God to know how to reach Leodysa through the voice to that age. He says, "Rebuke them cuddly. Cut them to the quick, spare them not." It's quite a statement that he gives Titus to rebuke them sharply because this witness is true. Whereas to the Colossians, he says in 4:6, "Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you ought to answer every man." Seems to be a contradiction. But sometimes the setting, the context demands a certain response. Not that it would be in anger, not that it would be raffle, not that it would be void of the character of the gospel, not that it would go past the bounds of the word of God. But he says, "Rebuke them sharply because this is the kind of character they are. The the sophist, the arguers, the ones that have such innate avarice and civil strife in a perpetual state of private quarrel and public feud, but yet you have to know how to answer every man." So he continues in Titus chapter 1 verse14, not giving heed to Jewish fables and commandments of men that turn from the truth. Jewish fables, it could have been translated to Jewish mythology, Jewish narratives or stories. He's saying these myths detract from the essential truths of the gospel. not giving heed to Jewish fables that turn you away from the truth. In Titus 3:9, he says, "Avoid foolish questions and genealogies and contentions and strivings about the law, for they are unprofitable and vain." 1 Timothy 1:4, "Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies which minister questions rather than godly edifying which is in faith." So he's given a lot of context to Titus. Rebuke them sharply, but don't give heed to Jewish fables. So he says, "Avoid foolish questions." We're told that we ought to know how to answer every man, but we want to avoid foolish questions, strivings with and debates and genealogies and all this maybe uh historical perfection and accuracy, whatever it is it might entail, which minister questions rather than to edify. Chapter 4:7. But refuse profane and old wives fables and exercise thyself rather unto godliness. 2 Timothy 4:es 2 to4 he says preach the word. This is what it comes down to. It's what he told Timothy. This is what he's want Titus to do. Preach the word. Be instant in season out of season. Reprove rebuke exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. But after their own lust shall they heap to themselves teachers, philosophers, having itching ears, and they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned unto fables. These distractions cause these unnecessary disputes and confusion rather than building up the faith is what he's sharing. And when I read this, if I if we look at Acts chapter 17 and even as background for what he says here, one of their own prophets, one of their own poets, one of their own philosophers has said, "The Christians are always liars, evil beast, slowbellies, and this paradox is true. This statement is true." And then he says, "Don't give heed to Jewish fables." It's a huge paradox because he just used mythology and pagan philosophy then warns against mythology. What a that's very meta. Is that what we call it today? But it makes the point. He's using it to make the point that these things there's a distraction to these things. There's an insanity to these things. There's a there there's a a direction that these things are going. And you want to know what has captured the minds and the hearts of those people so that you can reach them with the gospel. Not that you want your heart or your mind to be captured by it. Our job is to rebuke and resist the spirit of the age, not catch it. In the sermon influence, now just coming to my my stretch here to close this in the sermon influence. Listen to how brother Brandham places this. I have just a few quotations here and a couple of more scriptures to share. I I want you to recognize what he brings us back to. Every man is looking to see where he come from and what he's doing here and where he is going after this. You reading along here, Brother Jack? Every man is looking to see where he come from and what he's doing here and where he's going after this. And we've had many fine books written. I've just read some fine books in my life of man's philosophy and things. But although as good as them books may be, there's only one book that can tell you where you come from, what you are, and where you're going. And that's this book, the Bible. There's one place that we can have this confidence that tells us where we came from, where we're going, and what we are right now. That's the Bible. There's a lot of fine books out there. There's a lot of fine books that Brother Brandham quoted from. There's a lot of stories he tells uh that came from the Prince of the House of David. There's stories he tells that you can find from this book. There's examples he gives you can find straight from commentaries. There's times where he preaches a sermon and you can follow the notes in Scoffield, right? I mean, what is he doing at the end of the day? He brings us back to one thing. No matter where it came from, no matter what it belongs to, whether you want to say it's Greek mythology or whether or not you want to say it's this Hinduism or it's this or it's that or it's from this commentary or that, we come back to the Bible as being the only book that can tell you where you came from, who you are, and where you're going. And the word is God. We believe in that book and that's what we want to stand for in this day. And it's a promise in there that that we should be made known who we are, where we come from, and where we are going. There's a promise that it will be made known of who you are, where you came from, and where you're going. This Bible declares this and reveals it. It's to be opened up in this last day so we can know who we are, where we came from, and where we're going. Do you realize those creations there on that island had been taught a mythology and they had these competing lies and they would debate, "No, there's a grave for Zeus. No, Zeus is not immortal. Zeus is mortal." And there would be a debate about something that is false. They'd have their homalies and their hymns and they'd have their stories and they'd have all their details to express all these things that relate to uh uh psychology and mythology. And Paul is saying, "You guys are completely missing it. There's one true God." Amen. He's that unknown God that you speak of. He it is that was written of who's high and holy. He it is that will never die and he's the one that sent his son. There's only one book that's the Bible. The sermon God hiding himself in simplicity then revealing himself in the same. He says today we preach philosophy. He's not referring to himself. He's referring to Christianity as a collective. They're preaching philosophy. We preach creed and denominationalism in so many things and leaving off the word. Why is it that people preach philosophy, creed, denominationalism? I I was trying to think of a punny title with the phrase Iran just to be relevant because we all know that the message is for a fact 100% vindicated now that they dropped a bunker bomb on Iran. Today we preach philosophy, we preach creed and denominationalism and so many things and leaving out the word because they say it can't be understood. He says it can be understood. He promised to do it. Now we're asking him to do it. What are we asking him to do? To reveal to us where make to be made known to us who we are, where we come from, and where we're going. To resolve the questions of history. To resolve the inconsistencies with mythology. To resolve to us who we are, where we came from, and where we're going. All mythology and all religion has tried to satisfy that question. Right? That's what philosophy will tell you. That's what the critics will tell you is that all these things were made and invented to plate man's sense of wondering. But God has promised that he will reveal it to us. We cannot preach philosophy with the excuse that you can't understand the word of God. He promised to give us understanding. Oh, you can't understand it. What does that leave us with? It just leaves us with history. It just leaves us with a pressing play. It leaves us without the Holy Spirit that can reveal it to us. So in verse 15, we'll read to verse 16. You could continue with chapter 2 and three. It's a very short book. You could read it uh and finish because he begins to tell him, "So with this light, speak things which become sound doctrine." And then he has teachings for the men, the women. And he and he tells them he's telling Titus how he ought to conduct himself in light of those he's surrounded by. But just to finish this thought on these vain talkers, unto the pure, all things are pure. You're pure in heart by faith. To the pure all things are pure. Where does it begin? In your heart by revelation. But unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure, but even their mind and their conscience is defiled. When you are free in your soul, free from traditions of men and the law of the flesh, these things that Paul's referring to, then all things are pure. But to them that are defiled, they're inwardly impure by sin. It touches everything. Regardless of their confession, regardless of what they believe, to them nothing is pure. They profess that they know God, but in works they deny them. One commentary referred to a statement of Caesar having the name of Romans while they had the manners of the Gauls. I have no idea what that means, but it makes the point. They may call themselves Christians, but they don't act like it. They may say that they're Romans, but they're not civilized. They act like the Gauls. Here they profess that they know God, but in works they deny him being abominable and disobedient and unto every good work reprobate. Quite an enlightening to Titus. got an understanding of context to know who his audience was, what he's sifting through, there may be a certain amount of pretense outwardly, but know that if inwardly they're not pure, to them everything is defiled. Brothers, you could come to your instruments if you would like just to read one final statement from an absolute Paul. Paul used one of their own prophets, pagan prophet, not a true prophet. He quoted their own poets. He uses a philosophical paradox to make a point. And what was his point? He's not pointing to the philosophies. He's not pointing to the pop culture. And if we're not careful, there's things that Brother says, there's things that he does. There's things that he points to or uses and people just take it and they want to run with it. And in running with it, they they they catch they catch the pop culture, not the point brother Brandon was making. They become very anti with respect to this and very harsh with respect to that, very loose with respect to this. And it's all because they didn't catch inwardly the revelation of the messes that Brother Brandon was trying to teach. Just even in that simple context, if you want fanaticism, if you want a certain bent, if you want a certain look, if you want to live a certain way, you can find it all within the Bible, you could just pick and choose. Find it within the context of the message. I want to be anti- this. I want to be pro that. But it's not the politics of it. We're not we're not gleaning things from the Bible and from the the message of the hour to support our political philosophies. I was thinking of modern-day philosophers and who they are today. And there might be a lot that we think in terms of modern times that have great names that are very renowned. And the more I thought about it, the more I was just reading about the philosophers of our time and what they would consider modern philosophers as opposed to h ones in ancient Greece, I began to think our philosophers anymore are not what we would call philosophers. philosophy is is is really, if I could just riff for a moment, it's really long form. We've been reduced to short form. And so our philosophers today tweet our philosophers, they don't do videos, they do shorts in reals, right? That's what that's the snippets. Those are the that doesn't give us any contemplation. that that's not that's not causing us to stop and to think and to consider and weigh things out. And so we're driven by sound bites, by air, by emotion, and not by the word. I think it's very important for us to be solidly rooted rooted on on the word of God. Amen. I had a a brother send me a text message today and he was just saying he said, "Man, I sure wish you'd stopped giving me some practical, applicable guidance on how to better reflect Jesus Christ in my day and day-to-day life and spend more time giving your opinion on these modern events." And he said, "Said no one ever." I was like, "Well, I appreciate that. I appreciate that. I felt like I should read that to you." I was like, "Well, that is my point. I want you know I want you to know how to overcome. Not my opinion on the last trump, not my opinion on the blood moons, not my opinion on the war in the Middle East. Whatever is going to happen is going to happen. You realize that, right? Whatever is going to happen is going to happen. And the more that we drink the poison of political fear and the more that we drink the philosophy of the Jordan Petersons and Joe Rogan's or whoever else our philosophers are, I imagine we don't have a lot of problems with the the liberal left here in terms of drinking their poison. It might tend to be more framed as Christianity and American rights. Where does that leave a believer in Croatia? If our message metric has become so much American ideology, where does that leave the believers in South Africa? Outside. And that's how you become more cultish. That's how become less Christlike. And it the more that we drink from that, the more that we're going to be sitting here in fear and chaos that surrounds us, nuclear bombs being detonated and a literal World War II unfolding before us. What's happening? I wasn't supposed to be here. That's right. You got your eyes on the wrong thing. And we're going to live in the in the shadows of all this torture until we can get our eyes solidly on the word of God to say, you know what? There's one thing that's going to get me out of here. And it's not the next president. It's the word of God that's come to us that we're believing and that we're feeding on. In the sermon, the absolute, brother Ben Brandham says, "When God gave a man the Holy Spirit," listen, this is so beautiful. He set him with his face towards Calvary and the word before him. That's where I have it now. Little roots will rise up from off that highway and come in and wrap around and around that tree. And you think it's very innocent. We're We're supposed to be on this highway. The word of God before us leading us our faith towards Calvary. But the first thing you know it's got such a hold on you until it pulls you the wrong way and makes you lean the wrong way. So much leaning today. We lean to this. We lean to that. He says, "And so has philosophies and things entered in among us. It's be to pull us towards the world." Philosophy's doing it. It's pulling us towards the world. You take the sharp two-edged sword of God and cut free from everything and stay right on that word because that is the ultimate. That's the absolute to every believer. He said to those and those I hope I'm believe leading. The Bible is our absolute. [Music] I can't remember where I heard this before. It might have even been said over our pulpit. But and I hope I get it right. just make this point that some people say the message comes from the Bible and this brother said it's the Bible coming from the message and that's what we have to catch. It comes back to the word of God. We've been given the word of God. That's our ultimate that's our absolute and we could say that Paul in some ways canonized forever a hymn to Zeus. He made the breath of God out of a hymn, a poem to Jo Jupiter. Some would read this, I think you spelled love wrong, or I think you spelled Jehovah wrong. No, these were pagan. And the prophet said, you've got it all wrong. The philosophers were trying to look into things they don't know. The poets were writing from inspiration they didn't understand, and they used it to apply it to all these other things. Today, it's applied to fanaticism. Today it's apply it's applied to carnality. Today it's applied to politics. We got to come back to the basis of the word of God because it's him that we're feeding on. It's him that we want to have a relationship. And I want to express this to you in this uh uh really odd and maybe unique way that we've delivered it even through these next these past two services. Wednesday night, Lord willing, I want to preach the prophet and the playwright. Amen. Find that one in the Bible. But it's in there just to see that God wants us to cut away from all these philosophies. Take the two. It may seem to be a paradox, but you take a sharp two-edged sword and find all the ideologies, all the mythologies, all the fables, all the myths, all the man-made inventions. Do you realize there's a litany of ma message myths that have created now? We've had a lot of years, decade after decade after decade. I was reading in one sermon. And it's this one I read here in the in in an absolute 20 years before you were born, Sister Elizabeth. I'm looking at her. 20 years. You realize now where we sit today, we've been married for 20 years. And the nearness at that of where when we when we were born, when we started believing so far beyond and and so much has developed and evolved and become entrrenched into it. And I'm I'm asking you, how far away have we gotten from away from the true heartbeat of the word of God by maintaining the appearance of message? And that's why it cycles back into the same patterns that it always has. It's revival and death to those who don't catch the word of God. Yes, to the bride, the cycle's been broken. But to those who are not walking in the pattern, they'll cycle right back to vomit. They'll cycle right back to denominational patterns. They'll cycle right back to the thing the message called them out of. Whether it be Pentecostalism, emotionalism, or intellectualism, they'll go right back unless they have used the sword of the word of God to cut away all the philosophies, all the politics, and all the pretense that tries to pull you from the highway. Let's stand together and pray. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, as we close this service, we ask for your grace once again. Lord, you call me to walk a tight rope to show how a prophet used the philosophers. The prophet used the poets to make a point. And not that he was given the seal of approval to digest Greek mythology, but he was able to take something that had blinded them to get their attention. And as he used that in Acts chapter 17 there at the Athenians on Mars Hill and there was believers that were quickened to the word of God. Now Paul to his son, his fellow helper, his partner, a messenger to the church and a messenger of the glory of Christ. He tells him to ordain these pastors in every city, but whatever you do, don't appoint one who doesn't have the right kind of character. This is the character of the people. These are their attitudes. This is the way they think. That innate avarice, the civil strife, it lurks within them. Even their own prophet has said they're always liars. This witness is true. Titus as a Greek may have reveled in the fact that Paul used a poem, an artifact of their culture, a paradox, and paradoxically affirms it to open up his mind, to ready him, to get him to see the context of where he's standing. And Lord, I share this not that we would become enamored with the ancients and not that we would think that paganism is okay, but certainly Lord, in some ways it would soften our addiction to legalism and maybe give us a heart to those who are blind. Give us a feeling for those who are lost. And I share it within this context, Lord, because as I've been impressed to and burdened, just driven to pour my heart into these things. I see that so much philosophy has grabbed a hold of us. And we did it because we didn't catch we didn't catch what the prophet was doing. That when brother Brandham used these things, it wasn't it wasn't approval. [Music] It wasn't a doorway into them, but he was given a master class on how to reach a entire age. And Lord, I believe this message is true. I believe it's vindicated. And I don't need more bombs to drop to believe that. Lord, in the next election cycle, we could have a woman president, woman vice president, nine female Catholic Supreme Court justices and an entire Senate of all women, entire house of all Catholics, and it wouldn't make me believe this message is true more than I do today. And Lord, I believe then I believe that what you have given us is real. It's true. and that there's been a lot of philosophies. There's been a lot of ideologies. There's been a lot of weeds from off the highway, the ditches trying to pull us to the side. Keep your eyes straight on Calvary. Help me, Lord, to navigate the prophet of this end time and the philosophers that he used. Lord, there's so much out there in the world. and whether it be Mormonism and whether it be uh millennialism and all these different ways and post-trib and preerttrib and so many lordship doctrine and so many philosophies that we could just get so caught up in and not realize that we're we're buying into a man-made theology and we miss the point. Help us to be free from it. Lord, I believe that you're individually wanting to unite, knit yourself together with individual souls, daughters of God, sons of God. And Lord, may we as a collective church support that vision. And so, Lord, I take no pride of ownership. I trust you to deal individually with hearts. And Lord, I know that it's created maybe a little bit different dynamic than I would want personally as far as involvement and commitment and dedication. And there's a lot of things that people get slack on and they're not obedient to. But Lord, I just trust you're leading and you're guiding and you're weaving yourself together with hearts. Bless us today as we worship you. Go with us as we're dismissed. We ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
