################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - Marked - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   Marked
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVo0sc4ZnrQ
========================================

Description:
Marked
Wednesday Service: May 14, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Ezekiel chapter 9, starting with verse one. He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, "Cause them that have charge over the city to draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand." And behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lith toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand. And one man among them was clothed with linen, with the writers's inkorn by his side. And they went in and stood beside the brazen altar. And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the house. And he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's inkorn by his side. And the Lord said unto him, "Go through the midst of the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof." To the others he said, "In my hearing, go ye after him through the city, and smite. Let not your eyes spare, neither have ye pity. Slay utterly old and young, both maids and little children and women, but come not near any man upon whom is the mark, and begin at my sanctuary. Then they begin at the ancient men which were before the house. And he said unto them, defile the house and fill the courts with the slain. Go ye forth. And they went forth and slew in the city. That's uh some pretty dark scriptures there. uh just a terrible time as we'll see in the scripture and in the message of the hour where this orients us. If we could just bow our heads in prayer. Heavenly Father, tonight as we've gathered in your presence, we've sung songs, we've lifted our hands, we've praised you, we've worshiped you, we've come believing and expecting and we're so appreciative of your presence through the song service. Now Lord, as we approach your word, we're asking that you bless these scriptures which we've read, the quotations which we share, the burden that you laid upon my heart. we just completely yield it to you that you could take control of this service for your glory. For those that are with us tonight that are hurting, uh that are anxious, that are encumbered by different needs, whether it be emotional or physical, we believe that you're able to heal both mind and body, that you're the creator of the heart. You can mend a broken heart that whatever it is we have need of. Your word is sufficient. For those who are unable to be here tonight, we pray that you be with them, bless them, strengthen them, encourage them, any traveling, any with work issues, anyone sick. Lord, tonight we pray that your presence would be with them. We ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can have your seats. My title um this evening is Mart. And I'll come back to this title here in just a moment. Uh that give you a chance to uh jot down what the title is. I know that when I take notes, I like to have the scripture uh and uh the title and the church I grew up in never got titles. So, I was able when I ran the sound, I was able to title all my dad's sermons. So, they sounded really, really good when you listen to them and in the title. So, in the sermon, Convinced then Concerned, we read this on Sunday, and I wanted to mention this again just to kind of tie in a couple scriptures and this theme from the heart of a witness. I believe that every man, every woman, every boy or girl that ever stays long enough, and he was using that example of Andrew who terried with Christ uh even through the night, he said that if you you stay long enough that you're convinced that it is right and it is the Holy Ghost, you are burdened so hard in your heart. Now, you don't want to have a hardened heart, but you want to be burdened so hard in your heart that you can't stand still and let these people die like this in shame and sin. So there's some motivating factor when someone is convinced of truth and then being convinced of truth or concerned uh for all those who are going to be judged by that truth. So to be a witness you must have a heart for truth and you must also have a heart for people. That was our real theme having love in your heart in order to have the heart of a witness. We use the example even of as a mother and even the mother dear as one who was a witness for something real and it even brought a conversion. In Proverbs 14:2, it says, "A true witness delivereth souls, but a deceitful witness speaketh lies." That witness is one who testifies. Uh in the Greek, that word is even martyr. So, it's one who uh bears testimony of their faith. They're a witness. They're willing to bear testimony. And uh those that were bearing testimony in the ages of the martyrs, uh they were willing to not forsake that witness. They were willing to stand by that witness even in the face of death. And so that term uh martyr which means one who stands for their faith or one that bears witness or bears testimony is now associated with those who are willing to do it unto death. And so a witness is one who testifies. And then to witness it's to see or to know by personal experience or presence or observing something so that you know yourself. And the scripture we ended on, I believe we ended on this on Sunday was 2 Thessalonians chapter 3 verse 5. It says, ' And Lord, direct your hearts in the love of God and into the patient waiting for Christ. Let that word of God conduct our lives to sing for God, to express his character, nature. Let it express the love of God and then express the strength and endurance of Christ. That I don't want to be weary and welloing. I want my life to be uh led into the love of God and the love of Christ so that can be shed abroad in my heart to others. And we're instructed in the word to love one another. And it's by this you shall know that I am you are my disciples is the love that we have in our hearts for one another. And then even that love that we have towards all. So our desire and our prayer is Lord I want to have this heart of a witness so that I can be an influence. Now uh to my title tonight marked and we're drawing this from Ezekiel chapter 9 verse4 where it says set a mark upon. We're taking that very specifically from that scripture. We'll come to it here in a little bit, but we're looking at it from the standpoint of the phrase is even mark with a mark is the phrase that's used there. Set a mark upon them. And I just even had the idea today later on in the day. I hadn't even really thought of it before. And some of you may not believe me, but I was never really thinking about the legality of a mark or even the legal concept of a trademark. But a trademark is some character or emblem uh some sort of sign and it's placed upon a mark to identify the owner in order to uh give you know certify a certain quality of something but it's done to distinguish rights from all other rights. And so this mark that we're talking about is something that you ha it's a mark that's being placed and it's something that identifies ownership. It identifies a certain quality. Now if you look back in our text in Ezekiel chapter 9:es 1:2 just like to start here and just go through this together this evening. I think it's a lot of scripture and maybe just a lot of reading scripture and connecting them together according to the message of the hour. And so I hope that it can still be engaging for you but it does have a lot of emphasis in teaching. Says he cried also in mine ears with a loud voice saying cause them that have charge over the city. So this is Jerusalem. This is the Jerusalem actually going to be destroyed. And these are destroying weapons that are being used against the city. Have them draw near, even every man with his destroying weapon in his hand. And behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lith toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand. And one man among them was clothed with linen. And then this characteristic with the writers's ink horn by his side and they went in and stood behind beside the brazen altar. So there's a lot of descriptions being given here. Slaughter weapons, the six men uh destroying weapons. They're they're they're gathering together. Now they're in this place in the tabernacle and in the temple where they're by the brazen altar. And it specifically wants us to see that this one angel clothed in linen has a writer's inkord by his side. Now, as I studied in the message of the hour where brother man places these scriptures, just some of the phrases he uses and the terminology he's using is that this is prophecy of the closing of the Jewish church at the time that the Christian church is beginning. So, we read this. There's could be multiple fulfillments of this. There can be multiple shadows and types uh in this. There could be a compound prophecy, compound fulfillment. But what Ezekiel sees according to the message of the hour is the outpour of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost there at Jerusalem and then the destruction of that city afterwards. That's the time frame he's looking at. This particular part here isn't necessarily uh referring to even symbolically of the spirit of the Lord being poured out upon the church in Acts, but it does show what happens shortly afterwards. So it orients us to that time period. And so think of this in terms of it being this judgment to Jerusalem is judgment to Israel and it's at the closing of the ju gent the Jewish dispensation and the beginning of the Christian church. Now in Matthew 24 15 to 21 we'll find that Jesus prophesies of the destruction of Jerusalem. When you therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet stand in the holy place. Who so readeth, let him understand. Then let them which be in Judea flee into the mountains. Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take anything out of his house. Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes. And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days. But pray ye that your flight be not in winter, neither on the Sabbath day. For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. Now, this prophecy, it sounds it reads in the midst of prophecies about the end time. It's even reading uh it's read right in the middle of prophecies of deceitful things happening in the end time and those things to come and the fulfillment of all things. But this is fulfilled in 70 AD when Titus besieges Jerusalem. And during this time there was a great famine. He did it over a period of several months beginning in April all the way until September. And there was cannibalism and there was the death to women and children and babes that were uh nursing and there was great bloodshed. And Josephus says there was over 1.1 million that died during that time. And so in 70 AD we it's brought to pass the prophecy of these slaughtering we weapons we read about in Ezekiel 9 that bring judgment on Israel. And I'm just taking this from the message of the hour as I could see it uh over the course of brother Bam's entire ministry. He points out this is the end of the Jewish dispensation and how it's at that time that the word is now going to be turning to the Christian that that Christian church. It's leaving Jerusalem. It ceased. Uh you could read the indictment to see those things more particularly. But this is the end of the Jewish dispensation. And he points out that the ending of this dispensation is prophesied in Ezekiel 9. It's prophesied in Matthew 24. It holds a type for the ending of our dispensation. that what happened then there's similar things that happen now and so it's in that that you could see one prophecy to Israel which is very natural can be fulfilled spiritually to the bride or to the gentile church revelations 7:es 1:3 you'll see a very similar prophecy uh related to the end time that is similar to what is happening here in Ezekiel 9 and Matthew 24 says and after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth holding the four winds of the earth that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree. And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God. And he cried with a loud voice to the four angels to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea. So there's an angel that is going to bring pain. And it says in and in verse three, this one that comes says, "Hurt not the earth." This is verse three, Revelation 7:3. hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads. There's a lot of things you could read in the message and even a lot of things in context in the Bible just to read more about what's happening here. But notice the similarity to Ezekiel 9 as we come to it. This marking that's going to take place as there was an angel with a writer's by his side. And this is prophecy of the destruction of Jerusalem which holds a type of even their time ending and God now turning to the Gentiles. And Jesus prophesies it again in Matthew 24. And this is fulfilled in 70 AD when the besieging of Jerusalem takes place and millions over a million Jews are slaughtered. Here we see prophecy now projected forward that there's going to be a time where there's a slaughtering weapons. There's an angel that's going to bring hurt to the earth and the sea and the trees. But he stops and he's he's held back from doing it until there can be a seal of the servants of God in their foreheads. Now, brother Benham takes this in the feast of the trumpets and he says this and he's he says not exactly 2,000 because the Romans kept on going that Titus in AD.70 on down like that to kill the Jews. The Romans, who was it killed the Jews? Who was Titus? A Roman general. So, I know there's a lot that I'm just picking out here. I just want you to see brother Ram's talking about Titus, uh, Jerusalem. I think he says AD96, but then other places he says AD.70, a Roman general, and the blood rolled out of the gates down there, slaughter them, women, children, and everything. So this is him pointing to this historical event in Jerusalem after the church has been birthed on the day of Pentecost and and and after God now is turning away from the Jews and to the Gentiles and brother Brandham says slaughtering the women, children, everything. Didn't Ezekiel 9 said they say they would do that? So now he orients what happens with Titus in Jerusalem to Ezekiel 9. He says, "Go through the midst of the city and set a mark upon the people who sigh and cry the Holy Spirit and the rest of them the sla then slaughtering man come forth that would be bound. Hold them hold them until they went forth and slaughtered everything that was in there, little women, children, babies, and everything else. They were all slaughtered." So there he even blends in Revelation 7 a little bit in that holding back until they went forth and they slaughtered. Now, I do want to mention I'm still on this this theme in my heart of witnessing and what it means to be a witness and the the art of witnessing is one way that we phrased it, the heart of a witness. And there is this has great application. This is part of me having this burden uh to quicken inside of us the gift to preach the gospel as each one of us is called to do it and to be a witness of this great truth. And so I'm still on this subject of being a witness a and witnessing properly in this end time. Now, brother Brandham associates uh this happening in Matthew 24 to Ezekiel 9 and he says it's happened historically in Jerusalem in AD.70. So let's let's just pick this back up in verse three. Now we've read Ezekiel 9:es 1-2. This writer with an ink corn by his side. It says in verse three, "And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the house, and he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writers's inkorn by his side." So, it's a writer. It's writers's inkorn by his side. And the Lord said unto him, why does he keep calling out this guy with his writers's inkorn? He says, "Go through the midst of the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh in that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof." Now, Lord willing, on Sunday, I want to get more into what this sighing and crying is and this characteristic of these. But this p these these uh qualifying thoughts is there's this one in linen, this righteousness, this man clothed with linen or righteousness. He's a representative of Christ. Uh you can see this Christ figure in there. Uh it's a it's a represents the Holy Spirit who's going to be doing the marking. That's a work of God and the work of the Holy Spirit. And he has it aside the writer's ink horn. That would be a hollowed out animal horn uh that was used to store ink. And that ink is going to be used with some sort of uh instrument or some sort of implementation to by a writer of a record. So he'd have a horn of ink. He'd maybe have some writing utensil. Here we could even see that one could use even their finger. And he's told, "You have the horn of ink. You're a writer. Now go and record and go and mark and write upon the foreheads a mark for th of those for upon those that sigh and cry for all the abominations that are being done in the midst of Jerusalem." And this mark, it says set, which is tva, a mark or tav, and it's the same conjugation of the word. It's literally mark a mark on them. And the tav, the letter tav in the Hebrew was originally written in the form of a cross or a t. And so it look appear as a sign of the cross, but it was to make a mark or to sign a sign. And really, we don't know exactly what it was. Uh we could maybe draw some symbolism from the fact that it could have been a cross and this would be a sign of the cross. This would be indicative of the the uh forward looking to the Messiah who would pay the price of salvation upon the cross. But it's meant to express something. It it represents something. In Job 31:35, I think this is the only other place that this phrase is of this tav is used. Oh, that one would bear me. He would hear me. Behold, my desire is that's my mark. It's that same word that tav. Behold, my desire is that the Almighty would answer me and that my adversary had written a book. Not a lot of people uh want their enemies to write a book. But here he's saying that the Almighty would answer me. And even if it is the Almighty who is coming against him and judging him, he wants him to write a book. He's saying my desire, behold my mark, behold my sign, my signature. Here's my pleading. There's a pleading that he's doing. Um, behold, my desire is that I would, the Almighty would answer me. So, when it says, "Set a mark. Set a mark upon the foreheads. Sign a sign. Place a mark. Let it be representative of something. Let it signify something." And he says, "Do it on their forehead." And as I was studying this, I could say that it's one of the most conspicuous parts of a person, their forehead. Some people have forehead for days. Uh but it is something that stands out. It's the four it's I'm I'm getting there too. Uh I've got you know crown for days. Uh but there's a it it's something that's forward. It's the forehead. So it's something that's leading. Remember we're talking about the intelligent. So there's something here about this part of the the the person that's going to be marked and it's so it can be seen. Doesn't say mark the heel of them or the back of their elbow. uh don't mark any other part of the body that could potentially be covered up, but it's something that you wouldn't necessarily cover and it's there to be seen even with with respect to trademark law. If you're going to try to protect a legally registered mark, it needs to be clear. It needs to be reasonably visible. This is for free and it must be noticeable. Maybe it shouldn't be for free. That's good advice. Now in Revelations 14:1 it says, "And I looked and lo, a lamb stood on the Mount Zion, and with him 144,000 having his father's name written in their foreheads." This mark in Ezekiel 9 is the same type of mark in that it is a divine mark to separate people out. It's a divine mark and a distinction among everyone else. And it's placed there prominently on the forehead. It's essential. Uh in Ezekiel, it's going to secure their deliverance. And in Revelation 7, it says, "Don't judge until I've sealed the servants of God in their forehead." So, it's something that is an identifying characteristic similar to the token in the days of the Exodus when they were to place the blood upon the doorpost and the lentil. And it was to form an outward sign, an a visible sign to everyone on the outside of what was taking place, the obedience and observance taking place on the inside. And it was by that sign that judgment was stayed on the firstborn of that house. He stood and he said that it they have his father's name written in their foreheads. Now look at the opposite of this but a similar thing but something opposite. Revelations chapter 17 verse 5. We're just being very focused on this phrase set a mark upon the foreheads. Marked. These people are going to be marked. It's a type of what's happening out at the end time is what I want you to see. So there's this mark that we have. We know that there's the uh the seal of God and the mark of the beast. And these are the things that are kind of in uh those are terminologies that are related to this very thing in Revelation 17:5. And upon her forehead was a name written. So, it's not it's not a phrasing or a symbolism that's left only to the 144,000 or to those that are spared in Revelation 7 and the connection of those. But it's something now that even this one, this false church in Revelation 17 has a name written. And notice in your Bibles if you're looking at it, it's all caps. Mystery Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. That's what talk about a big forehead, right? But that's what's written there. And and mystery, Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. This is what leads out front. This is what identifies her. And if he didn't have this distinction written on her forehead, we would be a lot like John who's initially just in awe of this powerful, beautiful woman that controls all commerce a and controls what things come and go. And so there is now this crowning or this emblem or this sign or this mark in the head of the mother harlot that is identifying her as the Babylon Babylon the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth written in her forehead. Then there's those that have the father's name written in their foreheads. Those that are sealed in their foreheads. Now notice this contrasting of this mystery Babylon the great in Exodus chapter 28 36-38 and it says and thou shalt make a plate of pure gold engrave upon it like the engravings of a signate holiness to the Lord. If anybody's looking at this in their Bibles, whether it be digitally or in your um your Scullfield right there by your side, it says holiness to the Lord in all caps. So there's this all caps symbol in the head of the mother harlot, mystery, Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. And here now there's a sign wholeness to the Lord. And it says, "And thou shalt put it on a blue lace that it may be upon the miter, upon the forefront of the miter. It shall be where is this going to be? on the head on the forefront and it shall be upon Aaron's forehead that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things which the children of Israel shall hollow in their holy gifts and it shall be always upon his forehead that it may be accepted before the Lord. So the high priest had to wear this miter this crowning this hat that says on it holiness to the Lord. It's written. It's placed there and it's going to be there always upon his forehead that it may it be accepted before the Lord. Leviticus 8:9 makes reference to it. And he put the miter upon his head and also upon the miter. Even upon his forefront did he put the golden plate. This is holiness to the Lord. The holy crown as the Lord commanded Moses. What a distinction. Revelation 17 to Leviticus 8. One is holiness to the Lord. The other one is abomination and harlotry. But this crown or seal as we've seen it in these other designations, this miter, this signant, this mark, set a mark or make a mark, sign a sign, set a mark upon the foreheads of them that sigh and cry for the abominations that are done in the midst thereof. This crown or the seal is for the purpose of separating out. Notice that it says to do so upon those that are already sighing and crying. So it's to distinguish. It's an emblem o of glory as it we could say maybe one of shame in revelation 17 but it represents something. It's meant to be something that's crowning. But let me let me emphasize this. The the signant and the crown is not the glory but it represents it. The a scepter, a crown, those represent the the glory and the majesty of a king and his kingdom. But it's not what gives him the power. That's conferred divinely or that's given by certain rights. But they're symbolic of that inward glory. Brother Brandham says this in the sermon, the lamb and the dove. He said, you say, is that it, brother Brandham? Let me quote the scripture. He said, go through the city, through the midst of the city, and put a seal upon every head that sigh and cries for the abomination done in the city. Think very intently, and I'm going so quick tonight. We'll beat uh the Pentecostal churches off a happy valley to In-N-Out. That sweet Holy Spirit that something in the human heart makes it call out with the love of God to do the will of God. He's drawing this straight from Ezekiel 9. Now, and I want you to see that there's this sign and the seal that's being placed on the forehead. But notice what brings forth the mark. The sweet Holy Spirit in the human heart that makes them call out with the love of God to do the will of God. Not jump up and down and holler. Not run all over the building. Not speak with tongues. Not pray for the sick. Not prophesy. Not interpret. That ain't what I'm talking about. That's the outward something. Now, this can be tough to swallow. But it's for a purpose. And he says, "But of something that's good, that that's some of the spirit." That's right. So we can never take that away. He said, "But there isn't something in there to anchor you with that, it doesn't do a bit of good." Notice what he's saying is you could jump up and down and holler, run all over the building, speak with tongues, pray for the sick, prophesy, interpret, but if there's not something on the inside that anchors all the outside stuff. I mean, anybody can go to Lids and buy a hat that, you know, that has a mark on it or it says holiness to the Lord and say, "I've got it on my forehead. Here it is." Anybody could go get a tattoo 666 and put on the forehead. That doesn't make him the Antichrist. Can have a a barcode tattooed. I remember one time having a debate with somebody who was like, "Man, they're going to put, you know, these chips in your thumb and you're going to be able to pay for stuff at the grocery stores and gas tanks." And I'm thinking, "Sign me up. I mean, I can leave my wallet at home. You get pulled over. Let me see your license." Insurance, right? How awesome would that be? And he's like, "No, it's going to be the mark of the beast." Mark of the beast. Well, if that's true, then we're all carrying it in the brands of Apple. That's right. Samsung, Apple, the fruit with a bite out of it. Android, a serpent-like creature, a humanlike creature with no soul. Come on, somebody. I feel like I can. He said, "But if there isn't something to anchor you with that, it doesn't do a bit of good. It's the will I was talking about without a hub in it." Now, this is part, listen to this. If that isn't anchored back there by love, it will do more harm than it does good. What does? Prophesying, speaking with tongues, praying for the sick, jumping up and down and hollering, running all over the building. He says it will do more harm than it does good. This is where I want you to be thinking about your witness. Think reme remember in the series, the house of the Lord. I know you got it all categorized perfectly. recall this that if the with that wrong emphasis and you make these things the ought to you can get very judgmental if somebody doesn't do the same thing as you do. And so he says if you don't have love in your heart it'll do more harm than it does good. And and I believe that you should take it to say that the jumping up and down and hollering, the running all over the building, the speaking with tongues, the praying for the sick, the prophesying, the interpreting will do more harm than good if the one doing it doesn't have it anchored by love in their hearts. We can look to the example of the message of the hour. Some of us maybe experienced similar things where one was doing certain things and manifesting certain gifts but knowingly uh brother Brandham knowing that they were living an ungodly filthy life that causes confusion. Now we're we're right into our closing uh some of the closing things here. So I think we just done a really good uh in walking through this tonight. But this act of marking we want to look now at verse five. This act of marking is it says this one who has the writer's inkorn I want you to go and set a mark upon the foreheads of those that sigh and cry. So well why why is he marking them? Why are they being distinguished? This marking would indicate those who are going to be spared from these slaughter weapons. They're going to be spared from the coming judgment. So the marking was for the for a purpose. Think of it this way that there was something about their character first. And so there's now a a sign given, a seal in the forehead, something mark, something given, set a mark upon their foreheads. And now that mark is going to distinguish them, not from people in Jerusalem and not Jews and not Gentile, but it's going to separate out those who are not going to face death or judgment, the judgment upon Jerusalem. Says, "Mark them because there's coming judgment." Verse 5. And to the others he said in my hearing, "Go ye after him through the city and smite. Let not your eyes spare, neither have you pity. Slay utterly old and young, both maids and little children and women. But come not near any man upon whom is the mark, and begin at my sanctuary. Nobody is spared except those whom the ri the angel, the one in the light white linen, who had the writers's ink horn, who set a mark upon their foreheads. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house. And he said unto them, defile the house and fill the courts with the slain. Go you forth. And they went forth and slew in the city. The mart are sealed from death. They're not going to suffer uh destruction. They're not going to their blood's not going to be shed in the streets. So by I mean just reading this very plainly, all those without the mark are killed. All those without the mark die. They suffered that that part of judgment and they give their lives. As we were mentioning earlier about the sign upon the forehead of mystery Babylon, you probably have thought of this. We referenced the mark of the beast. Revelations 13 16 and 17. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast. That was the image of the beast that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he causth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads, and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. So there's this mark or letter of his name. Now, we think immediately then we're starting to think about barcodes and outward signs and ways that we could kind of figure out what is the mark of the beast. And we know that there's references uh to 666. It says there's going to be a mark in their right hand. There's going to be one in their foreheads that without these they can't buy or sell except those only those who have the mark or the name or the number. So there's the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. And this is the mark of the beast. That's just how we all often think about it. And now well let me read this in the church age book chapter 10. So you could just hear it from brother Brandham where he placed these marks. Thus all the people have to belong to the world church system or be at the mercy or be at the mercy of the elements for they cannot buy or sell without the mark of the beast in the hand or head. This mark in the head means that they will have to take the doctrine of the world church system which is trinitarianism. So the head it's the thinking, it's the ascent, the acknowledgement, the intellect, the knowledge, those things. It's to it's to believe false doctrine. It's to believe the doctrine of the church system. And the mark of the hand, which means to do the will of the world church. So the mark in the head is to believe false doctrine. The mark in the hand is to act according to it. So, it's not it's not so much an actual visible outward sign that if somebody played a prank on you and was able to tattoo you with 666 or get a barcode uh secretly implanted in your scalp or something like that and you think it's just a tumor, but actually it's something very real and something that's identifying you with the mark of the beast that has nothing to do with it. The mark in the head means that you're you believe the doctrine and the hand means you support it. So it's it's it's it's belief and activity according to that. The those that are sealed in Ezekiel 9, they're marked and spared. The rest are destroyed. And we can see this contrast in this mark of the beast. Revelations 13, they receive a mark in the right hand and in her foreheads. And Revelations 14, notice what it says here. uh chapter this chapter begins with the ceiling of the 144,000 with the father's name written in their foreheads. So now we have this contrasting image. Verses 9, 10, and 11. And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, if any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation. And he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone, in the presence of angels, and in the presence of the Lamb. And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever. and they have no rest day dare who worship the beast and his image and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name. We can see these two different marks. The one that set a mark upon the foreheads of those who are signing and crying for the abominations that are done in Jerusalem and they are going to be spared judgment. But in the absence of that mark, there are those that are sealed. They have sealed their fate and are going to be judged and they are now under the mark of the beast here in the scripture and they are going to be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of holy angels in the presence of the lamb. All those that receive the mark of the beast they have that mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name in their foreheads and in their hands. Now I hope that's all makes sense to you both spiritually and according to the message of the hour according to the Bible. Now I want to read again something that we begin reading in the at the very beginning in Feast of the Trumpets. So now we can just kind of collect all this together and see it in one picture here. Didn't Ezekiel 9 say that they would do that? What was it he said that they would do? They're going to go through and slaughter women, children, and everything. Blood rose out of the gates. This is Matthew 24. This is the siege of Jerusalem. This is judgment coming at the time that God is turning to fully to the Gentiles. Didn't Ezekiel 9ine say they do that? Go through the midst of the city and set a mark upon the people who sigh and cry and the Holy Spirit and the rest of them, the slaughtering men come forth that would be bound. Hold them. Hold them until they went forth. And the slaughtered, everything that was in there, little women, children, babies, everything else, they were all slaughtered. And then he says, exactly here it is again repeating itself. Preaching feast of the trumpets. very important message. He says, "And here is that ecclesiastical system coming right back, smothering out, tramping out everything that's called God." Oh, they got their systems and organizations and denominations, but that don't have nothing to do with the Bible. They'll tell you quick they don't even believe in it. And so what happened in Ezekiel 9 or what was prophesied in Ezekiel 9, what was prophesied again in uh Matthew 24, what happened in those days of a physical slaughter to the Jews, he says here it is again repeating itself happening again in a spiritual sense. Just as they see those demons that are loosed uh as physical persecution upon the Jews and there's this actual slaughter of Jews, there's also this spiritual persecution that is loosed upon the bride. And I'd like to I want to end with this that this prophecy of Ezekiel speaks of judgment. And when we read it in Ezekiel, we read it as this final outcome. They went through the city and he slew all these people. When we read about it in Matthew, he's warn he's giving them warning and then when we hear what happened in uh 70 AD, we see man great many people lost their life. But the prophecy is not just judgment, but it's it's the warning first. Think just just join with me and and give me uh maybe some benefit of the doubt on some things or just listen to what I'm trying to say and that I trust the Holy Spirit can impress this upon your heart. What was done in what was said in Ezekiel 9 reads as if we're being told what's going to happen. In Matthew chapter 24, it changes it just a little bit, but it's the same with Matthew chapter 24. It's saying that these things are going to transpire. These things are going to happen, but it serves as a warning. Not just waiting waiting for it to happen and then it's going to happen. He gives warning. Notice what brother Brandham says in the seal of the antichrist. He said, "Go in the city." It's a There it is. He said, "Go in the city and set a seal upon the forehead of those men in Jerusalem that sigh and cry for the abominations that's did in the city. Otherwise, before the great destruction of AD70, Titus sieging the walls of Jerusalem, the city, the Holy Spirit went forth first." Are you listening? Listen to how this happens. And historically they have record of this and there's those that wrote about it. There's a lot of maybe theology and and different things that's related to it. But I think we could just take very simply the things that brother Brandham lays out for us in the message. Titus sieges Jerusalem and the hol he says the Holy Spirit went forth first. The man dressed in white with markers the pencil on his side to put a mark upon the men who sighed and cried for the abomination that was done in the city. And he says God foretelling it so they would be sure to get ready. So what we read in Ezekiel 9 is just not a it's going to happen so just kind of sit back and watch it unfold. But Christ then revives that prophecy and he uses it as a way of warning the believer. Destruction's coming. So be ready. These are the signs to look for. He says God foretold it so that they would be ready in the ca at the time that the siege comes. I want to make this relevant to the time that we're living in in the fullness of the gentile dispensation. He will turn to the Jews when the bride is gone. Here it's repeating itself again. And in Matthew chapter 24 verse 14. And the gospel of the kingdom shall be preached. I want you to really just lean into this a little bit and think about this. what he's saying here. The gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations and then shall the end come. This is the end that we're in now. And then right there he begins to speak just for a little bit about the abomination of the desolation spoken of by Daniel. It's verses 15 that we've already read to 21. And so he's saying this is going to be the gospel must be preached into all the world for a witness, a testimony unto all nations. It must be it must be expressed. It must be displayed. And then he immediately gives the parallel to what happens in the time of Jerusalem. this is what's going to come to Jerusalem that there's going to be those that are going to be marked as exempt from judgment. There's going to be those that suffer judgment a very literal physical way. So he gives us this example of Jerusalem and the destruction of Jerusalem, the siege of Jerusalem in 70 AD, right after he says the gospel must be preached for witness unto all nations. There must be a witness to all the world. Then the end, the finality, the judgment's going to come. So my question is, who's going to tell them? How how are they how was anybody going to escape? How was it they were going to know what Ezekiel said? How was they going to know what Christ said? How was it that there were people who were ready to avoid the siege? Because Jesus is telling them, "Be looking for these signs. Be aware. Be knowledgeable." So that when this happens, you can flee before it happens. You can be outside the city. You won't be stuck. Listen to this extraordinary statement that brother Brandham shares in question and answers. He says, "According to history, there wasn't one of them that believed in Jesus that believed the word that was that wasn't that was watching but was watching for that to happen. Those that believed in Jesus and believed his word were watching for that event to take place. And they escaped and went from Jerusalem into Judea. And they fled for their lives. And not one of them, are you listening? I'm almost done. Because they were warned by their shepherd and were watching for that hour to come. When they heard Titus was coming, they took off, ran for their lives, and got out of the city. So there were those who believed in Jesus and believed his word. And when that moment came where now's the time we got to leave, we got to get out of here. there were those who were watching and prepared. Amen. So there is there is still yet we could say that from the time the prophecies given in Ezekiel 9 and those hundreds of years later to when Jesus speaks of it again, there's going to be time for others to come into the knowledge of who Jesus Christ is and to believe that word and look to that word and understand its times and its seasons and what it refers to and know it's time to get out of here. Amen. And we're just speaking about it as it's fulfilled in there in Matthew 24. But what about today? What about the gospel needing to be preached in all the world for witness unto all nations? Why is it preached? Not to tell everybody they're going to hell, but so that others could hear the word and believe and escape. We have a duty to tell them. Lord willing, we'll touch on this in greater detail, but let me just read this uh on uh on Sunday if God would allow, but let me just read this last statement in having conferences. He says, we read over in the book that it is said that an angel went forth and put a mark upon those who sighed and cried for the abominations that were dead in the city. realizing by scriptures that was the first coming of the Holy Spirit through the city of Jerusalem. First coming of Christ, the inauguration of the Christian church at on the day of Pentecost in Jerusalem. And then he says, "And then on his second return in this age to call a people out of the Gentiles for his name." You following that? So there was a mark placed on the elect in Jerusalem at the time of his first coming. And all those that had that seal of God who were believing that word, none of them were caught in the city. That's what history teaches us. He says, and this is the phrase that he uses next. Now in a second return in this age to call the people out of the Gentiles for his name, how much more should we be concerned? How much more should we be concerned in this coming? How much more should we be concerned in signing and crying for the abominations that's done? We see churches practicing rock and roll and playing bingo and having all kinds of swimming contest and so forth in the church when prayer meetings and all night terry meetings are forgotten. Well, that's just that's just the outward. What is it? They're missing that inward part. And that's why there's not a seal. There's not a witness of concern. There's not a witness that they take it seriously on his second return. Think of this, church. Should we not be more concerned? Should we not be more How much more should we be concerned in sighing and crying? Let's think about whether or not we have this in our hearts to sigh and cry. You could, brothers, you could come to your instruments. Let's stand together. Let's pray. Brother Elazer, you're an inspiration to me. 45 minutes. I don't know if I'm even close to that, but I love how he can just he he can just bring such a perfectly complete thought and he's us like 45 minutes. If I'm going to be here in church, I want Brother Eliza preaching. No, I enjoy it, but I I know it's short, but uh I know that you can get as much as you need out of this tonight. Let's just bow our heads in prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, tonight as we bow our heads and our hearts and we speak to you at the close of this service, we do desire that you would continue to anoint the words which have been shared. For myself, Lord, I know that I've been very it's been very painstaking in terms of just combing through the message of the hour to be certain of what brother Brandham where he placed these things. And I know that there's a lot of interpretations and voices in the world, a lot of commentaries and many would concur and agree and on these these premises and these bases of judgment. There's a lot that look to these things being fulfilled in the end. And we can see that there is a fulfillment. There is a part compound meaning is compound type in this compound prophecy. We can see that once again here we are in the last days, the climax of Satan's Eden, the time when you've come to unite together with your church, your bride, we're told with with judgment coming, there's going to be a mark upon those who sigh and cry for the abominations. And we're not just chasing after a mark. We just don't want to have a nice crown or a miter. This is something in the heart of the believer that cries. It's not selfish. It has all these attributes and characteristics of your divine nature which is called charity. And Lord, I pray that we could look into our hearts and into our lives and examine whether or not there be any area that we could improve so that we can be separated out. Not solely for the purpose of escaping judgment or alone but so that we can be a signpost and a warning to others because there's warning then judgment and as we have received our last sign. Lord, may we be the last sign. May we be that final voice that can lift up the right things in the right way. Speaking truth and being truthful about it so that we can see salvation come to our own homes, our extended families on the job. Healing can come to those who are sick. Deliverance can come to those that are bound. I pray Lord that you bless us tonight as we stand in your divine presence. Give us strength and courage for the things that are ahead of us. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
