################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Wasteland - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   Wasteland
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXe7xj5K6UI
========================================

Description:
Wasteland
Sunday Service: June 29, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
It is I want to define it out the out at the outset but if you could just conjure up this mind in your mind the image of a wilderness or something laid waste. I was even thinking of the prophecy uh in terms of whatever that may look like whether spiritually or literally of America just being burnt over and just laid waste and and the conditions the spiritual climate that we live in today in this wasteland that we find ourselves in. And I was originally going to call it living in a wasteland. But let's just look at this wasteland that we are uh surrounded by and that we're making our testimony in. Waste is something that is uncultivated. Empty or desolate. So I would look that look at that as something that is uh a vanity. It's empty. There's nothing to it. Unultivated or desolate. And land is just simply uh soil or ground, something that should or could uh inhabit something or something could be inhabited in it or something could dwell in it and flourish. And so a waste land is wasted soil, wasted opportunity, wasted ground. Some scriptural images just to get us going. In Psalms 107 33 and 34, it's speaking of the Lord. He turneth rivers into a wilderness and water springs into dry ground. that wilderness and dry ground. That speaks of a waste land, a fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein. Because of the wickedness of those that live in the land, the land will become wasted. It'll become barren, a wilderness, and full of dry ground. Baroness means it's not producing what it potentially could. In Isaiah 64:es 10 and 11, it says, "The holy cities are a wilderness. Zion is a wilderness. Jerusalem a desolation. They're wasted." Uh it's not that it's uh been paved over with concrete, but the ground has become barren. Our holy and our beautiful house where our fathers praise thee is burned up with fire and all our pleasant things are laid waste. This is the opposite of flourishing. This is the opposite of something growing or something being cultivated and cared after and tended to. And it's not even that it's just grown up with briars and weeds, but it's just become wasted and it's desolate and this wasteland. That's that's the scriptural image I want you to have as we look at this subject. Now, kind of give you some background of what why I'm going to go down this particular avenue. And I'll say this at the outset that I've been studying where brother Brandham is using the themes of music, the symphony, and how that the conductor has sheet music and we need to know our parts. And so I've really been inspired by that in the sense of the timing, the rhythm, and the beat. So those are the things I've been studying. This is kind of my uh my way to get there. When we were in Europe as a family, we had meetings in Germany. The meetings went wonderful. We were just blessed as a family to participate in them, and we appreciate your supporting going. But while we were there, we took some time afterwards to visit uh to do some vacation things and uh take Elliot on a shopping spree. And we visited a few museums while we were there. Uh, one was in just a very beautiful national park. It was very, it's kind of more remote. We went to the Van Go Museum, the Reichkes Museum, and we really, uh, those are some of the things that I enjoy. Our family enjoys it. Uh, it's a exceptional experience. We really, really love it. Uh, know that when you go to Amsterdam, a coffee shop is different there than what it would be here. And so there's some things that you avoid in Amsterdam and things that we don't necessarily go for. But we as we were visiting these museums, especially once we were in Amsterdam, and my family can attest to this, they were crowded, even seems some of the more famous museums in Europe are starting to become overcrowded. And it was hot, hotter than it is here to me. And uh so we felt I felt rushed. If it's crowded, if it's hot, if you're uncomfortable, if there's people around you and there's different pacing and everything, you kind of feel rushed even though you're standing there looking at something that some people will never have the opportunity to look at. You can't even really fathom in your mind that I'm looking at something that is known around the world that is valued at tens of millions of dollars if not more, hundreds of millions of dollars in some cases. And I realized having gone through the exercise and the sacrifice of visiting these museum and museums and spending a lot of time that nothing is really learned or gained just by seeing the art, right? No, I saw the vamir. I saw it. I saw the night watch. I I saw the Picasso. I I saw these different things. Nothing really happens but merely passing time. You look at it. Okay, I've now seen it in the flesh what I've seen in better detail on Google. Uh, I spent more time with it online. I spent more time in the museum going through their virtual tour than I could when I'm actually there. And I realized that this content cons consumption without some positive addition or or process was empty. That though I could say I did it, that that was kind of the real shallowess of our present existence is so many people have a bucket list just to say they checked it off. I think it was in Elizabeth's family. She told me one time she had a sibling that would write things down on the to-do list, things they had to do that day that were just really obvious, like open your eyes and and check it off, get out of bed, check it off, take a shower, check it off, brush your teeth, take and and there was things so you could look at the list later on, say, "Man, I did a hundred things on my list today." And and it was uh make a list, check items off, you know, and so you get you can get through that list pretty quickly. And so there's just something that was uh there's an emptiness to that if there's not some something added or there's something in a process that you engage in that's beneficial. So without learning without understanding or even to clear up a misunderstanding or see something in a way you haven't previously seen it or learn or even to be challenged by something. If we don't recognize the challenge, if we're not even in some ways being accosted by something, then it really is a waste of time. the things that we engage in. And so it demonstrated something to me about life and most importantly what God wants out of life for us that there's there's something to be gained. There's something to be learned. There's a process that we're engaged in and there's a way that God's wanting to use us and there's a lot of things that just distract us. Maybe I think distraction may be an easier word to use. This is a statement. Some of you I'm sure have read it. It's he writes it in an experiment in criticism by CS Lewis. A lot of you do that. You're scientists in this experiment in criticism. He says the first demand of any work of art makes upon us is surrender. Look, listen, receive. Get yourself out of the way. So this first demand that any work of art, now when I say a work of art, you may be thinking, oh, standing before that Picasso or looking at the night watch and you're thinking maybe the visual arts and things that would be painted or sculptures, but this would go with respect to any work of art and primarily I would say the word of God, which is his artwork, the Bible, his creation. The first demand of any work of art makes upon us is surrender. You have to stop. You have to yield. You have to look, listen, receive from it. He says, "Get yourself out of the way." That's one of those gifts that uh you have to have is the gift of getting yourself out of the way. He said, "There's no good asking first whether the work before you deserve such a surrender. For until you have surrendered, you cannot possibly find out." This is this is a challenge. This is a I'm wanting to challenge you today and cause you to pause a little bit that when you see things and experience things or you're debating whether or not you want to experience it or you found yourself in a situation where you're looking at something or experiencing something this the demand upon you to surrender to look to listen to get yourself out of the way. Now, not necessarily to the image or to the work of art so that it could infiltrate your thoughts and take over you. But the surrender is it's not to place yourself under the influence or power or control of the art, but rather the yielding of time to consider it to the yield yourself to to identify what can be learned, what can be gained, what can be taken away. How is it I'm challenged? There's a lot of times we learn and we learn things and it's not necessarily from the standpoint of h positive or good and I came away a better person because I I learned a better process to overcome but rather you learn that doesn't work. I learned where that comes from. I I I've learned something from that. So there's this this demand or now this challenge that we have got to be in this state of mind to where I want to learn from God. I want to grow. I want to make my way through my daily life realizing that God allows things to happen. He's working all things to the good. And so God can speak to me. He can use different things. I can use the Holy Spirit inside of me to learn and gain from things that I experience in a way that makes me a better Christian and influences others. Amen. So the the whole thought is there's a lot of things we can engage in, but if it doesn't if it if it remains shallow, it's a waste. A and and not that waste is bad. Uh there's a lot of nuclear facilities that uh produce nuclear waste. That's what they produce and the byproduct is energy. In Ephesians chapter 5 14 to 21, let's look at this now together. Let's read through this. I just want to read through it so we have it as our point something we could point to as this full thought. Of course, it's within a larger context of the letter to the church at Ephesus. Wherefore he saith, "Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." We'll come back to this phrase, but he's obviously quoting God, or quoting the prophet. Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. See then that you walk circumspectly, not as fools, that is wise, having been awakened. Notice these things. Awake those that sleep, arise from dead. Christ will give light. not as fools but as wise redeeming the time because the days are evil. Brother Elzer ministered on this uh recently. It was just fantastic. It really opened up my understanding. He says, "Wherefore be you not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is." So again, there's those some of these same things. and be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit, speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. That's a that's quite a phrase. This is part of the um the center of the things I've been looking at. Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. So, there's this this theme song that we as Christians, he says, to walk circumspectly. We've got a walk up song that's playing in our hearts and in our lives. So, giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. I would encourage you, even if we don't spend a lot of time going back through these verses in future services, I would encourage you to deeply study this and contemplate it. If visiting an art museum and looking at a piece of art, they say you should sit and and look at it and consider things for a certain period of time, this is something that would be worthy of our slowing down, pausing in our consideration with some deep contemplation of these scriptures because there's beautiful principles that have been woven together here. We have themes of awakening and enlightenment and walking and perfection, wisdom, revelation. They're all being woven together with singing and making melody and harmony. And through this, I want to begin to address the concept of time. Now you're the concept of time is even just chronology or these moments. But then also timing. How that we exist within time and how that we must master time. We must master timing. We know that God's will has to be in his in its season. And that there's things that we can know to do, but it's got to be the right time to do it. And there's a there's a way to do it. There's a rhythm. There's a harmony. There's a way that things coales and work together. And so, this is what I'm looking at. Time even the time that we live in or or timing the rhythm of things. And this is the scripture that's at the heart of it. Ephesians chapter 5:1 16. The very heart of this it is redeeming the time because the days are evil. This is a very poetical phrase I think and it means by time. It's not that we could go back and do it over again. So now having awoke been awakened the we can redeem time. We can buy time. In Daniel chapter 2:8, the king has asked his wise men uh to to interpret this dream for him. And they're like, "Well, tell us again, you know, what it was, and if you could just describe it for us, and uh give us all the details. We'll tell you what it means." And the king answered and said, "I know of certainty that you would gain the time because you see the thing is gone from me." In other words, they knew that he couldn't answer, but they kept asking questions so that they could gain the time. It means by time, prolong time. Have you any any of you ever used that expression before? I'm just buying time. I I'm just trying to get myself more time before something's demanded, before something's due, or before you make a decision. This original expression even here in the Hebrew, gain the time. It speaks of using your best efforts to free yourself from a dangerous situation to to put put off to stave off danger as much as possible or to free yourself from from some from some difficulty. So, it's a matter of think about this. It's a matter of making time your own, using it for your own advantage, using time for your purposes. In the same way that we will take money and misuse it, we do the same thing with time. I've told myself quite often over the last couple decades that God has given me enough money and enough time. I just mismanage both. That I'm never in need of more money. I'm never in need of more time. God's given it to me. If there's any want or lack, it's because I haven't handled it properly. And I say that not uh as a positive confession to believe that Lord you've provided enough time. You've provided me enough resources. Help me to be a better more faithful steward of those things so that I I can uh accumulate that or grow it as as some uh strategies towards building wealth. We wealth is that your income is your greatest asset. So you want to save, you want to be disciplined. And so I believe that God gives us enough income. He gives us enough resources. He's given us enough money and time. We want we want to manage it, make it our own and use it for our own purposes. Here's a few statements that I read as commentary on these verses or translations. Redeeming for yourselves, that is availing yourselves of the opportunity offered you of acting right and commanding the time as a master does his servant. You treat time as your servant. says, ' Watch the time and make it your own so as to control it. As merchants, look out for opportunities and accurately choose out the best goods. Serve not time, but command it and it shall do what you approve. There's one, since we've been quoting the classics, there's one Greek classic that writes Pendar that writes in the Pythia of how that he mastered time and he he took time and time followed him as a servant and was not a runaway slave. in ways we're often chasing time. It gets away from us. We can't quite uh uh we find ourselves servants to it or it gets it's no longer under our control. But it says time followed him as his servant. To redeem the time means to make wise and sacred use of your time such that it yields and tends to good something positive. And he gives us the reason for that. He doesn't say redeem the time because the price is high or the exchange rate is really good. But he says, "Redeem the time because times are full of annoyances and hardships and labors and wickedness. Redeem the time because the days are evil." In Ephesians 5:18, we're just skipping around in these this text here. He says, "And be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit." He's identifying the wickedness of the time. He says, "Redeem the time. Understand what the will of the Lord is." And then his followup to because the days are evil are saying and it maybe it seems odd to saying be not drunk with wine where in his exes man those guys at Ephesus were sure we're hard drinkers. I remember I've I think I've told the story here before but when we were uh my mom one time when we were just kids she went to a garage sale and she found this giant beerstein. I mean it was just a really something you probably got in uh is it beerfest or whatever it is they celebrate there in Germany. It was really really big. And my mom picked it up and she's holding this giant beer mug and she looks over at the one host in the garage and says, "My husband's a big drinker." And she meant he drinks a lot of water. But to the person who saw her holding that stein is thinking, "Wow, okay. They must be really heavy drinkers over there at the McGuria household." But it's it's be not drunk with wine where in his excess is not necessarily identifying the wine bibbers or those that were given to alcohol, but it speaks to the wickedness of the age. to be filled with the spirit. So that that that identifies how that there's something else motivating and moving you that you're you're animated by and you're driven by a different need, a different law, a different influence. But he identifies the wickedness of the time. It's that wastefulness of inappropriate stimulation. And be not drunk with wine wherein is excess. When you've come to that place wherein is excess, it's wastefulness. That's what he begins to identify. So when he says be not drunk with wine, moderation, he says wherein there is excess. Moderation is not the answer to the excess in terms of him saying look you're drinking too much only do it on Monday, Wednesday, Friday. It wasn't in terms of limiting their use of or their involvement in but he's saying this identify those things wherein it doesn't yield positive benefits. So the solution to excess was not moderation but fruitfulness. The because he says and and walk in the spirit or be filled with the spirit so that and the fruits of the spirit are and he teaches those things. If we walk in the spirit we will not fulfill the deeds of the flesh. So there's a lot of tie into these other principles. The solution to this excess is fruitfulness value worth. This is the opposite of wasting time. when you waste time a and maybe you you use it in a manner to where it doesn't yield anything. It just passes or where you indulge in something and you have excess. That's the waste that comes from it. Philippians 4:5 says, "Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand." Combining this even within this context and where he uses a similar phrase to the Corinthians, it's speaking of judgment, discernment, righteousness, correctness. Let your moderation be known unto all men. This moderation isn't well he doesn't drink too much. He doesn't always eat his meals, but it means that you yield. It speaks of yieldingness. It's related to patience and self-control. So though it would have uh application to how much someone would indulge in something, but to let your moderation be known to all men, it means you're yielding. You're submitting. So Paul in identifying this e excessiveness of stimulation which is not which is counter to or counterproductive to being filled with the spirit he says in Ephesians 5 21 submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. This is this is not to husbands this is to their wives or wives to their husbands. This is us submitting ourselves one to another. Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. There's a yielding there. There's a consideration that's given. If Paul was to take this and extrapolate it further, you'd find that there's places where he says, "Though you may have certain rights, yield to your brother's sensitivities. Though you may be allowed to do certain things, there's a yielding. There's a submitting." And and it's done for the purpose that we would not be wasteful. in the beginning of this reading, verse 14, Ephesians chapter 5:14. I know I'm going very quickly today, but I I think the pace is fine. He says, "Wherefore," he saith, "Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." terms here we could just drill down on. You could do a series on awakening. We could do a great deep study on what's sleeping, what it means to rise from the dead. Christ shall give thee light. But it's a spiritual resurrection that he's speaking of an awakening. And then light. So you're dead. There's this lifelessness. You're sleeping dead. Christ now gives you light. Light has a purpose. It has an effect. Light is for the purpose of flourishing or nourishment. He speaks. He says, "Wherefore, he saith," and he's quoting Isaiah 26:1 19. Now, if you could read this together, you'll find it very interesting. As Paul says, he says, "Awake thou that sleep, rise from the dead. Christ shall give thee light." When you look at the prophecy, thy dead men that men shall live together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake thou that sleepest, arise from the dead. He says, "Awake and sing, ye that dwell in dust, for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead." So the the imagery here is one that would be in the dirt or in the soil. They're dead. The dead shall live. My body shall arise. So awake and sing, ye that dwell in the dust, for you will grow like plants that are drenched with the morning dew. The light is shining. This dew is is sparkling. This dew is a symbol of fertility and life. The dew will soak the dust of the ground and cause growth to spring forth. The earth is going to yield fruitfulness. So when Paul says, "Awake thou that sleepest and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light," he's speaking of a a a growing forth. Awake you that are sleeping. Where there's no life, there's no activity. Arise, and then there's going to be light that shines to give life, to promote virtue. And as it says, awake and sing. In Ephesians 5 19 and 20, he says, as he says, awake you that are sleeping. Christ will give you light. Speak to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. Singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. He's continuing this theme of Isaiah 26. Speak to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. Singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. There's a way that we're communicating externally, but more importantly, there's something that's happening internally, giving thanks always for all things unto God and the father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. This is mindfulness. There's some mindfulness here. There's some uh uh deliberation or even being deliberate in the terms of that you're saying, well, I'm speaking myself in psalms and hymns, spiritual songs, singing, making melody in my heart, and I'm giving thanks for all things. So there's a mindfulness with everything that even in the things that we'd say, "Man, I can't believe that happened. That was horrible. Lord, thank you for seeing me through it. Lord, thank you for the opportunity. Lord, I know that you're working all things for my good and this is horrible and this is a stain and this is a scar and I wish this wouldn't have happened, but Lord, I want to thank you that you you saw me through it. Lord, how how am I learning more of your heart?" Praise the Lord. So, it's a mindfulness as you go through this. There's more contemplation. Again, if you go through something and you learn nothing, in some ways it's a waste. And sometimes people say, "I don't know why I'm going through this all over again." And say, "Well, it means you have something to learn again." And they say, "Well, I didn't learn anything the first time." So, well, then you have something to learn. And that's the reason why God, if God puts you through it and you go through it again, he's given you an opportunity to learn again. And if you didn't learn the first time, you know why you're going through it again. There's something to gain from it. Otherwise, it is a waste. And God is not the author of waste. He's not a a nuclear plant. I don't know if you got my joke earlier, but nuclear facilities exist to produce energy and waste is the byproduct. I inverted it because I think it sounds funny to me and only me and those who work at nuclear waste facilities. In Psalms 107:es 35-38, you may recall that we read verses 33 and 34 at the outset. Says, "He turneth the wilderness into a standing water." Now we see the inverse. Whereas before the rivers ran dry and the ponds dried up and there was all the water springs were dry ground and there was barrenness. Now he says that he is able to turn the wilderness into standing water and dry ground into water springs. And there he maketh the hungry to dwell that they may prepare a city for habitation. There's provision. There's growth. And sew the fields and plant vineyards which may yield fruits of increase. The wasteland is now changing into a fruitful land. He blessed them also so that they are multiplied greatly and suffereth not their cattle to decrees. I believe that redeeming the time is understood in these principles. might be a lot of scriptures that we've just covered and it may be a wandering way through this. But when he says redeeming the time, gain the time, master it, use it for your own benefits, take control over it, and don't be drunk with wine where there is excess, where there's waste and things aren't fruitful, but awake and sing. Christ will give you light. As you walk through this and you see this at the very heart of redeeming the time is seen through these principles of a wilderness being turned into fruitfulness that there's something being watered. There's something being nourished. There are things that lull us to sleep. There's things that deaden our sensitivity. There's a way that once you're exposed to something enough, you become numb to it. See, even preservation, it preserves you. I think I may have quoted this recently, but John Trap, he was a a Puritan and a biblical writer in the 17th century. He said, 'Take heed also what book you read. For as water relisheth of the soul it runs through, so doth the soul of the authors that a man readth. And maybe it's in too much of a clumsy Puritan language, but did you get it? that when you read something that that you're being watered by the soul of that author. I I don't know that we can have the time to do the analytics on the souls of all the writers we're reading to find out what's in their soul, but it causes you to be challenged by and to think about that. The first thing that we're doing when we read something as as maybe we could say CS Lewis was challenging us to do is to stop to listen to get ourselves out of the way and perceive what is happening. And I'll try to maybe end on on uh end in a place where it's maybe a little bit more or give some more clarity to that. But it's not that you're always looking at something saying, "Was this of God or of the devil?" There's got to be there's something behind it. So instead of being mindless about it, be engaged. Be mindful. Be watching. Take heed to those things that you read. We could extend that to say, "Take heed to the things that you watch, the things that you hear. For as the rain will fall upon soil and it runs through it and it nourishes it, the soul of the authors, the soul of the writers, the ones that are producing the narrative, it runs through your spirit. When you read it, you see it or you hear it. And the question would be, what does it produce? I believe that waste is central to the meaning of these verses in Ephesians 5. This is how I came. I believe that the Lord led me to this title and this initial thought on this is that waste is at the heart of it because we're being challenged to make do use to maximize to master time. And so he's calling out this failure to use opportunities to grow. In Colossians 4:es 2-6 or he he's uses the same phrase in a different context. continue in prayer and watch in the same with thanksgiving. We're to pray continuously. The the the prayer shall continually be in our mouths. This is this is not uh a call to become monks who merely walk through life either not speaking or only quoting scripture, but this is to continue in prayer and watch in the same with thanksgiving. Look at how that speaks to speaking to yourselves in psalms, hymns, spiritual songs, singing, making melody in your heart, giving thanks always, continuing prayer, watching the same with thanksgiving. So there's a watching, there's a praying, there's a seeking and then catch this middle phrase here where where with all this is very specific also for praying also for us that God would open unto us a door of utterance to speak the mystery of Christ for which I am also in bonds very specific prayer for a very specific purpose purpose that God would give opportunity for the prophet to declare the mystery of Christ. The very thing that he is a prisoner to and the very thing that has made him a prisoner is declaring the mystery of God. But pray that God would give opportunity, open the door of utterance to proclaim and speak the mystery of Christ. That I may make it manifest as I ought to speak. That's the prayer that he wants them to pray for him. That's the image of what he desired to be cultivated in them that they could make it manifest. Amen. That they could utter it. They could declare it. So then he directs it to them. Walk in wisdom towards them that are without. Continue in prayer. Watching the same with thanksgiving. Now on the subject of declaring the mystery of Christ and making it manifest. Walk in wisdom towards them toward them that are without redeeming the time. as he said to the church at Ephesus, redeeming the time because the days are evil. Now to Colossians, walk in wisdom towards them that are without without wisdom outside the body, not believers, redeeming the time. Let your speech be always with grace. So it's not just his uttering the mystery of God, not just him speaking, but now also we ourselves. Let your speech be always with grace. As he wanted opportunity to speak the mystery of Christ, that it could be made manifest as he ought to speak. We ourselves are to speak. Let our speaking be with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you ought to answer every man. Amen. Walk in wisdom towards them that are without. Redeeming the time, buying off the vanity and emptiness of the unwise, buying off, getting rid of the vanity of the mind. And if there's redemption, redemption implies preciousness. Redemption implies value. Maybe times when we go to redeem a coupon or use it and says, "Well, it's expired. It's worthless." If something can be redeemed, it speaks to its value, its preciousness. Redeem the time. It speaks of the valuess of time. That we likewise consider time, we could and can consider time to be a currency that we ought to save. We ought to preserve and spend wisely, making the very most of time and seizing it, buying it up as it were, and then using it to the best opportunity, avoiding waste. And he applies it also toward speaking because your words are also currency. I remember reading some books on the revolutionary writers and as I read through it might have been the book 1776 and you're reading letter after letter and this is how they communicated so much of what was in their minds and their hearts is being written down. And my conclusion was these men viewed every single word they used as currency and they spent them wisely. It's not like we are today where we can when they limited us to 60 characters. Now we could just form a thread go on and on and on and on and on and on. There's no end to the things that people can spill out in blogs and vlogs and tweets and reals. It's just continuous. But yet there was a time when even the speech was precious. In Amos 5:13, it's talking about the wickedness of man and his hearts, even their their stubbornness. And it says, "Therefore, the prudent shall keep silence in that time, for it is an evil time." Paul says, "Redeeming the time as you walk wisely towards those who have not wisdom, as you are continuing in prayer, value time preciously and let your speech be seasoned with salt that you may know how to speak." And the Bible says, "The wise know when to keep their mouths shut." They're not going to waste their words with rhetoric and their reputation with extremes. They're not going to get caught up in vain causes. They're going to save that equity for worthy manners. I think it's a principle the boy cried wolf. The more often you complain and criticize. The moment when your complaint or your criticism is the most necessary, it will fall on dead ears. So therefore, our speech should be graceful, seasoned with salt so that it's what? Effective, it's useful, it's fruitful, it's beneficial. It's to be seasoned with salt is for the purpose of preservation. It was invigorating. It It was enhancing. In Luke 14 34-35, I love how Luke writes it, "Salt is good." And all the dietitians said, "Not so fast, buddy. Salt is good, but if the salt have lost its savor, wherewith shall it be seasoned?" Salt is good, but if it loses its goodness. Salt is good. It has a use. It's beneficial. But if it loses its effectiveness, then what what are you going to use to season? What benefit is it? How is it even itself going to be seasoned? If salt loses its savor, how is it redeemed? If it if it lo if salt having a certain power was stripped of that power, he's saying you can't give it back. It is neither fit for the land nor yet for the dungill, but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. When the salt is no longer has its quality or character, it becomes worthless. There's no value to it. You can't inject value back into it. It's worthless. And he says, it's not good for anything. It's not fit for the land. It's not fit for the dungill. It's just going to add to the waste. So, it's just cast out, trotten underfoot, as it says, I believe in Matthew. Paul is using waste at the center of his admonishment to the church at Ephesians. Awake. Rise from the dead. Let the light of God shine upon you. And as it shines upon you, walk carefully, not as fools, but as wise. understanding what God wants done with his word. Redeeming the time because there's so much wastefulness. There's only so much opportunity given in every day. You cannot add to a day. You can't borrow from yesterday. You can't save for tomorrow. It comes and it goes. There's no getting it back. That's why salt once it's lost its effectiveness, there's no way to get it back. And I hope each one of you if you could just by bright eyes and smiles and amens and body posture and everything else put on your best behavior communicate to me that we're in just whoever is on the same page with me right now. I want to go forward and and very we're going to be done here. We're going to be done today. I just know it. I can feel it. We're going to be done. You're like, "What? That sounds forboding." The world we live in is that very title I gave my sermon, a wasteland. It has become so chaotic. And I think we could make the argument that in 1983, just to pull a random date, that it was probably just as wasteful and out of control and crazy. But now we just get to witness it in real time. It may be just that it's the same uh chaos but just more on a greater scale. I don't know. But it feels it gets darker and darker and more pervasive. And there's no there's no shelter anymore from this. We could spend a lot of time just pointing out that at one time a 100 years ago the church and religion and Christianity could have been a shelter from the chaos of modern evolution and modern times. But they kicked Christ out of the church. Now every single institution, whether it be education, religious or entertainment, society, all of it, I want to use this phrase. They're uncultivated. It's chaotic. So I use as an answer to waste. I want to use cultivation. There's something to be cultivated. As God puts it in the psalm that it becomes barren, it becomes fruitless. It becomes waste. It becomes desolate. But then he says, "Oh, no. I'm going to bring water in the wilderness, and dry ground is going to become water springs, and it's just not going to be wet. We're going to use it to plant vineyards and sew fields and yield fruits of increase, and the the the people themselves to multiply greatly, and their cattle not die off. It's making use. There's a way that even God identifies cultivation when he says, "I'm going to drive out your enemy from before you, and as you increase, you'll possess the land, and I won't let it be overrun and uncultivated to where it can be very verdant and green and have a lot of growth, but it's still yet a wasteland. It's wild. There's a lot of stuff. There's a lot of energy. There's a lot of movement, but yet it's chaotic. It's overgrown. It's not tilled. It's not cultivated." God placed man on the earth with this dominant characteristic to cultivate to till and to bring out all the potential of himself and the earth. Amen. To cultivate is to till prepare for crops to raise or produce. If you cultivate something to frequent, to practice, to respect means to tend to, to guard. If you cultivate, you improve by labor or study. You devote your attention to it. So to co to write that down with Ron Kakoff or whatever to cultivate it implies the improvement of nature. If we're to be cultivated ourselves or some improvement in our nature. It's the formation of character. To cultivate something it's something individual and it's something permanent. where if something is uh well and I I'll use I'll frame it in this respect that when there's a formation of character and improvement of nature then our character becomes values in action. Our character is not just merely what we think and what we feel and a and all of our opinions because really at the end of the day what I've recognized is a lot of pe people have a lot of hot sports opinions about everything. a lot of hot opinions about everything, but their actions are contrary to their rhetoric. So, it's just opinion. It's just shadow. It's just sound bites. It's the it's the reverberations of an echo chamber that have leaked out. But character is value and action, values in actions. The actions that we undertake reveal who we are. So, who we are determines our actions. And this uh may be just kind of like kicking open a door and you're like, man, we need to spend more time in here. You may run out real quick. This is different than personality. Your character is different from your personality. As I was studying on these very things, I found where there's uh there's a lot of research and academic uh writing on the kind of the development or the idea of personality. And there's many that attribute this concept of a personality as being a concept developed by psychology when it wanted to be a science and reject values that we want to have a personality that can be more fluid that can that it doesn't need to be uh we want to be a science. We want we want to be taken more seriously. So they had to reject values that could be very messy. And so they begin to swap value judgments or certain traits of honesty and loyalty and integrity and they swapped it for personality traits of self-esteem or being assertive. In the modern society that we live in today, brother Brandham constantly called out psychology. What what is what does psychology become? It swaps out it it removes the basis of the absolute. It takes away the authority of truth and it swaps it out for just a sound bite or a buzzword and it makes it very shallow to where well that's just their personality. That's just their personality. That's what they identify as or that's what they feel. That's how they want to be. And it gets away from values of honesty, integrity, loyalty. But and they swap out things that are have value for things that are you can't even pin down anymore. But despite modern society's fascination with psychology and personality, there's a thirst that's innate in man for truth. It's innate within them, a very deep hunger to know who they are, where they came from, who they are, where they're going. This ties into a lot of things we've been ministering on. And cultivation is the process that would supply that. The cultivation of one's mind and their character, their person. I'm not I'm not venturing into uh some other discipline or science. I'm specifically hearkening back to the principles of the scripture that there has to be a cultivation of our character, an improvement of our nature to identify fully who we are. Amen. To satisfy this innate desire in each one of us, this thirst and this hunger we have for truth. And if we're searching psychology and we're searching sciences to satisfy that, you'll have a lot that will take up your time and dominate your thought process and you'll get deeper and deeper into it to shut up the thirst you have to true to know truth. Some people become more extreme in those things because they more desperately want it. The Bible says in 2 Timothy chapter 3:7, before we read this, I'll say maybe phrase it in this sense, we're talking about learning. Cultivation is not the same as education in our modern sense. Because here in 2 Timothy 3:7, it says ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. There's a lot of learning. There's maybe a lot that's uh rattling in the in the cage there. There's a lot of things that are being filled in. So, they're ever learning, but the learning never produces knowledge of truth. And we know that our liberty and our freedom and our deliverance and the un the unlocking of our potential is found in knowing truth and being made free. We can learn, we can be educated, but education and learning isn't always the same as coming to the knowledge of truth. Right? There was a time that I could say that our education was a means of shaping our nature, cultivating virtue and promoting moral character. That's why many of even our educational institutions were founded by churches because they viewed education as the process of cultivating our character, shaping our nature. But education has become mere learning. It's now has more to do with practical skills for economic progress and the shift happens when we become industrialized. So they wanted to shape education to fit the industrial revolution. There's a I could I could see where maybe some would say, "Well, brother Aaron, that that just seems to be more US history. That's more economics and society." But notice notice the shift from church age at the exact same time. You put you look at the history of the world. When you study the history of the world, don't forget that we have the history of the church. We have the benefit of the Bible to give us the lens through which we could begin to see what's shaping. Why did an island dominate and completely dominate the world and become a vast empire that spread the Bible in the English language around the world. The gospel followed in its path. God. There's a way that we can view over the top of it these things that take place God's program and what he's doing. So, his education changed to just uh trying to cultivate skill instead of character. They were no longer cultivating the intellect or the character or the moral development of a person. It was just learning. I hope this becomes somewhat of a a an affirmation for some and even a challenge to others that even when we're learning and we we're homeschooling or you're going to school that we have a burden and there's a lot of things I could show you to where uh whether it be certain institutions or even parents as a whole are beginning to wake up and realize that school no longer promotes virtue or character. They're no longer shaping honest hearts. They're no longer giving men to have hearts and have chest. As a matter of fact, they're telling them uh you don't need to know whether or not you are a man. There there's such a watering down now to where it's just practical skills and it's just life skills to where we in the absence of promotion of character. We've got to recognize that we have a duty as parents. We have a duty as adults to realize there's a there must be and there has to be this component in our home life and especially if you're homeschooling. We're not just trying to get through the videos so we can say they did their schoolwork, but we want to know that their hearts are being shaped to cultivate. We prepare. Something is cultivated. It's raised. It's developed. It's something's being produced to till, to labor, to tend. It is the opposite of waste. When you cultivate something, you're you prepare it to use it for a certain reason, whether it be gardening or crops. You acquire, you develop a quality, you develop, you cultivate the sentiment, you cultivate even it does speak to a skill, but it's not just learning. So, we'll take time maybe if the Lord would lead to look into scripture to find that in the building of the temple, the tabernacle, there were men with skill that God wanted to employ. In Proverbsap 10:16, it says, "The labor of the righteous tendeth to life, the fruit of the wicked to sin." The labor of the righteous tendeth. It's not just a tendency, but it actually tends, it promotes, it nourishes life. The wise labor, the labor of the righteous, this is walk circumspectly as wise, not as fools. those righteous who understand, who are discerning, who are mindful. I just kind of start jumbling, compacting all together these things we tried been trying to put before you in this picture. The labor of the wise promotes and produces the right results. Wisdom labors solely for the purpose of producing the right results. Right? It's about bringing forth good fruit because the fruit of the wicked promotes and tends to sin. Wicked labor nourishes the wrong things. The labor of the righteous tendeth to life. I'm not you I I I I trust that you don't think I'm using a language of rhetoric or or philosophy, but I believe the Bible teaches us to use critical thinking, to try the spirits, teaches us to have moral discernment, to to not just be narrow-minded, but even to have intellectual breath that we may know what is the height, the depth, a breadth, the labor, the righteous ious to walk wise to redeem the time enables us. There's a way that we're promoting virtue to enable us as individuals and and this is what cultivation should is of the by the word of God and by the Holy Spirit that indwells us and it's how we should ought to raise our children to where we're enabling individuals to engage mindfully meaningfully with the world. We got to know how to live in this wasteland. We need to be spiritual maggyvers who could turn a bunch of trash into something useful to where we're not just merely very external or shallow that there's some there's something deep, something heartfelt. We're not just concerned with the optics. We're not just concerned about learning a skill and making money. We'd be better off forming and shaping the hearts of our children a a and and and making sure that they have the right kind of character and having them sent out into the world as wolves than to make sure they got all the skills and all the education and all the degrees and all the scholarships they need so they can be successful. Right? I know that I used this statement some years ago here, but Oswald Chambers made the observation. And he says, "Most of us are not consistent spiritually because we're more concerned about being consistent externally." There's the facade. There's the shallowess. I'm sure most of you, if not all of you, have seen these representations in art where they take just garbage and they arrange it in such a way to where you look at it from the right perspective, it looks like a an image, but then as you go to the side, it's nothing but garbage. And you say, "Well, that seems to be a waste." Do you realize you could look at that as being an analogy of Leodysa? That what they present to you is a very articulate, plain and simple image. But if you change your vantage point like this is garbage. This is nothing but garbage. Because when we become only concerned about being consistent externally, then that's when we become inconsistent spiritually. Because our primary concern is matters of the heart. And brother Travis, I need you to be available for this. We've had limited discussions on this uh but he's kind of our resonant expert. But I want to use just in closing, use an element of storytelling, the art of storytelling to make a point about this wasteland, this wasteland you're living in, but need to find your way out of. And if I can put it this way, in the way that storytelling conveys meaning, in the way that storytelling is useful and has been preserved through generation after generation, uh because it conveys truth, our lives, we should recognize the same for our own lives in terms of something being shared. Paul, I believe, demonstrated in scripture where he took the stories of the classics and showed the moral truth to it. a component of truth. I can't remember the name of the author uh but it was written in terms of it uh I think it may be 19th century maybe 20th century but it says a great deal yes 20th century great deal of similarity between popular fiction there's a great deal of similarity between popular fiction and the religion of western people now listen popular culture popular fiction. This is literary devices and things that are written and religion of western people. Christianity. He says life according to that faith. Now this is a symmetry between fiction and faith is very like a serial story in a magazine. So serial story in a magazine would be a Netflix series, right? or a a series whether it be um uh the uh tool some written by Tolken or or some some derivative work to where there's something it just a series a story a serial story in a magazine life ends with the promise and then he says or menace to be continued in our next and that that's that's le oysia everything's to be continued It's this menace or promise. You'll find out in the next episode. And he's and this observation is what has worked in popular fiction has now become the mantra of even religion. Well, we'll know when we die. We'll we'll figure it all out in the afterlife to be continued in the next. And so in the way that storytelling ought to be conveying meaningful truth a and that it was useful because it it had it had meaning our lives should be fully committed that there should be something deliberate this commit to this deliberate process of cultivating virtue and storytelling is effective fascinates us. We're drawn to it. But Travis, this is your opportunity to amen. And you've been waiting for this for years now. Amen. There we go. He can amen that he's been waiting for it. But story is fascinates. There's a lot of different elements, but two of the most important elements are character and a plot. That in this this character who's central to the plot, they can't be separated. that the character from our vantage point we have to identify if you've read a book or you've watched a movie or series you always want to find who's the main character and so nowadays we have the main character syndrome where somebody shows up and they don't realize they're an NPC like hey you shouldn't be acting like you're the main character this is a bit part you immediately want to know who the main character is because you assume they can't kill them off they they can't be the antagonist they've got to be the hero and you see the arc and the and the hero's journey and all these different stories there's a character and there's a plot And what's central to that is the challenges and the decisions and how that person is changed through that process. Now man, I thought I was going to be short, but I will finish today. This was written by a professor of literature at Bethl College or at least at one time was in Minnesota and Daniel, his name is Daniel Taylor, and he writes this. I know this is a lengthy excerpt, but I couldn't figure out a way to present it. uh except just through this this lens of the way he says it. And again, I'm wanting us to realize we're in a wasteland and we want to redeem our time. We want to master time. How do we master time? How do we redeem time? How do we buy it? How do we use it? Only stories that recognize the inseparableness of plot and character matter to us in the long run. In other words, we want to identify with the person and the plot character. Now, I'm using this as a little bit of a play on words because what we're wanting to do is cultivate character. And so, I'm using this our character, but then using the story as a way of highlighting my point. Our stories that recognize the inseparableness of plot and character matter to us in the long run. What we call plot driven stories. Plot- driven, not character driven. So now there's the there's the play on words I'm wanting to use that if something's not characterdriven, it's just merely plot driven which focus on events rather than on characters choosing are always popular because they're always easy intellectually and emotionally. The reason why some of us love certain things is because we're never challenged by it. It's simply a plot. There's actually no choosing. There's no morality. They require little of us and we're lazy enough to appreciate that. But the habitual enjoyment of such stories is actually a form of prostitution. Offering monetary superficial pleasure without the cost of commitment or human interaction. Contemplate it. Think about it. I looked back and I thought I s saw a parent covering their child's ear, but they're just holding them because they're asleep. They're like, and then he continues, "The great sin of most of the stories of popular culture in film, television, novels, and the like, put whatever it is you want to put in there, is not that they're violent or obscene or godless, but that they waste our time. That changes everything. Now, I'm not just looking for the rating. We were in one place that we stayed when we were in Europe. It was not necessarily untasteful, but it was just kind of a line drawn and you could tell it was a figure of a woman. So, we put I put a a pillowcase over it. And Elliot walked in the room and he said, "You vid angelled the vid painting." And listen, there's only so much that gets filtered out. There's so many there's only so many bleeps where you know exactly what they're saying despite the bleep. The damage is done. And so we begin to therefore process the things we enjoy and the things we digest and the things we do from the standpoint of not whether or not it's violent, obscene, or godless, but is it just a waste of time? You say, "Well, you're just quoting some professor in Minnesota." Well, I agree with them. I'll just say that the great sin even as Paul identified it was waste. The evilness of the day, the wickedness of the day was waste. In second Timothy 4:es 3-4, for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but after their own lust shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears. I made the observation one time in my I thought well I think at one point church was entertainment. You work throughout the day and whenever the church bells rang like finally something different. Everybody ran to church and maybe it was some form of entertainment revival and visiting ministers hundreds of years ago that they gathered around that but it was wholesome virtuous entertainment. It wasn't a waste of time despite the singing and maybe the dancing and all the enjoyment and the eating. There was something being cultivated something virtuous in that. And now we're not just heaping to ourselves false teachers within the churches, though the churches themselves are guilty of this very thing. We are heaping to ourselves all sorts of writers, all sorts of content producers that itch our ears, and they shall turn away their ears from the church truth and shall be turned unto fables. What should be pointed out by this is the fables weren't so much fiction, but fiction without morality. fiction without truth. Do you realize there's fiction that within itself it can create its own framework of ethics that from it you can't necessarily extrapolate some virtue, some application to life. It is all entertainment. Now I'm now in saying this, I'm not saying anything that wastes your time is is sin and it's Lucifer and you're possessed with the devil. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just asking you to consider I'm wanting you to take a step back and start using s uh start using this lens to view things say wow there is a there is a need to cultivate and if all of our time is wasted in things that don't promote virtue that don't develop character we become virtuous we become more rubbish in the wasteland they heap to themselves teachers and they're turned to fables where there's no truth It's all immoral or amoral even trying to remove morality from it. Fables and some of those things that we Asop's fables and some of those things we enjoy and these old stories they shared a virtue. This story of this and this story of that and the three lions and the two donkeys or whatever it might be they taught us something about lying about honesty about discernment. even stories about the emperor's uh new clothes almost said new groove or that there's things we learned say hey there's something to be gained from this I can take even though it may have never existed it may have never happened but I can use contemplation I can be accosted by the image I can be challenged by the story and the narrative and ask myself where's virtue where's morality where's truth and this is part of the conclusion that I really want to drive home today brother Daniel Taylor says, "We foolishly settle for stories on the screen and on the stage which tickle us instead of demanding those which interrogate us." Likewise in our conversations and from our pulpits. Listen, church has become cliche. It's all it is. Settle for stories which tickle instead of those that challenge us and then our conversations become shallow. our churches become shallow. He says we use feeble stories to kill time when there are so many available that redeem the time. There are it's a challenge even within our own h household. What are things that we could promote? What are things we can allow that redeem the time instead of waste time? And it's not a matter of kick out all the books. That's what we might have said 300 years ago. a 100 years ago, burn all the magazines. And we said, kick out the television and now we're just all looking at our phones saying, you know, put a shotgun through it. It's like, well, how are we going to get a hold of how are we going to do this? How are we going to drive our cars now? We have to have a phone to drive a car. There's so many other things available to redeem the time. We must insist in a cynical age that there is such a thing as a good story. We should identify and prize the good stories from the past and we must fulfill our responsibility to tell new ones. As much as I would like to maybe just continue to amplify that and explore that we I believe that there are still good stories. We should identify and prize those good stories from the past. I was reading TS Elliott. He even wrote a a poem before his conversion to Christianity called Wasteland. And it's just it's chaotic. Uh but he's a very gifted, very talented writer in the in the dawn of the leodysian age. And he writes uh about uh the wasteland. But then he was asked one time he said that we should learn there's something to be gained from our past. And there was this response from these modernists, but we know more now. I want you to think about this even in our attitudes. We know more now. And there's a sense, well, we're more cultivated. We're more intellectual. We're more we're we're smarter now. We're not as biased. We're not as shallow. And there's this sense that we somehow evolved. But when you lose your connection with the virtue of the past, the character of the past, and they say, "Well, we know more now." But TS Elliott's response was, "But they're part of what you know." I'll say it this way. If you've embraced the message, if you've been taught these things and they become part of your character in your heart, to try to divorce it and act like you know more than it, there's a challenge to realize no, it's part of what you know. It's part of what's informed you. Amen. And so we should prize the virtue, the the the the promotion of virtue, the character, even the ideology that would look to promote virtue in the heart of a man from the past and then fulfill our responsibility not just to reverberate and echo the past, but to tell a new story that's virtuous, that's true. And I know that we can ex uh come away from things like this and say, "Well, I just need to develop a really strict and rigid system which can enforce what's right and what's wrong and filter out." So, there's a constant filtering process to where all we end up getting is those things that that are clean and neat and satisfying and that we know we're safe. But who wants safe? Do you realize that our body is ability to fight off diseases and infections is directly connected to its exposure to it? And that it would be much harder to try to live in a bubble where you never come across a germ than to know how to navigate your way through the germs and to be exposed to them and use your exposure to your strength. We could develop very strict rules on ah we're going to keep this out. We're going to do this, we're going to do that, and from now on, brother Aaron preached on redeeming the time and these things that are wasteful and a waste of our time. No more this or that. Or we could just simply concentrate on the external cosmetics. But what's most important is that we increase in wisdom and understanding that we're inspiring. inspire in inspiring. I'm Daniel Boone or something. All of a sudden, we're inspiring our hearts and our minds to form the right kind of character so that we can make the right kind of decisions of right and wrong. That we can go from better to best. That we're doing this ourselves as humans. We're doing this ourselves in our own lives where I'm wanting to take I want to be sure that I'm digesting things that promote virtue and that I'm wise enough to recognize when there's a binge that's taking place that it is solely for the purpose of wasting time. This is plot driven. This is entertainment driven. This is personality driven. This is this is mind driven. This is itchy ear driven driven. and recognize that a diet solely of that will turn you into a waste. Your spirituality, your wisdom, your discernment, your homes, you name it, it'll turn it into a wasteland. And therefore, what our mindset needs to be is not so much filtering out but adding in. It does to find a way to redeem that time, buy it, make use of it. Not just to simply choose those things that we can consume that simply waste our time and give us no additional benefit, but maybe even wrestle with and challenge ourselves with the things we consume so that we can promote virtue. If we can have the musicians come to their instruments. I want to just I want to end with this scripture because I think it just fits so beautifully in this. Arise, awake thou that sleepest and arise from the dead. Christ shall give thee light. Sing, rejoice, redeem the time, grow, rise up from the wasteland. He says, arise, shine, for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and in gross darkness the people. In darkness there is either no life or very limited, narrow life, devoid of certain senses and abilities, restricted to whatever things could in a very meanial way nourish it. Where there's darkness, there's waste, unfruitfulness. But the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee, and the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising. This spoken of the Messiah, spoken of Jesus Christ, is true of his wife today. You are his light. You are the one that's telling the new stories. Amen. You are the one that yourself, you are in your own life a character with its own plot. Plot is that what where does it where does it end up? What's the tension? And there might be a way that you could say, well, what's the plot? What's the synopsis here? What's the how does it end? Well, there's a lot of ways we could say, you know, you know where this is ending up. You look at yourself in that journey and realize I, as a person, I grow as I'm challenged and as I make decisions and when I've made the wrong one, I'm learning from it. And there's this development that takes place in my own story. So that one of the and this may be kind of I don't think I'm burying the lead here, but stories take time. That's why just looking at a painting, oh that that's that's nice. Doesn't do the trick. Took time to make that. There was a there was a journey. There was an inspiration. There's something being expressed and being told in that story. Stories take time. The story of your life is taking time. Therefore, I realize I want my life. Though you could take moments in my life and say, "Well, that's not a very good testimony or that." But where am I at in my journey? I know where it's going to end up. And I I want to I want my life to be something that's res rising up as a phoenix from this wasteland. And I want my light to gather. Want my light to shine. God, help us in this cynical age to find goodness, to promote the right things, and in this wasteland, be very careful what we're consuming. So, if there if there's no nothing to be learned from it, nothing to be gained from it, just know what it is and ask yourself, how does it make me feel after I eat it? Use some discernment. Let's stand together. God, help us in these things as we pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, there is a journey that we're on and in different stories that are told. There's a protagonist, an antagonist, there's a hero, there's a villain. And Lord, we are challenged to be careful who we make our heroes. Yes. [Music] Because in the end we could realize that their potential, their story, their testimony was a waste. That it never it never fulfilled what it ought to have. And Lord, we could just look at say, "Oh, what a what a pitiful waste. Can't believe I wasted all my time admiring that and looking at that." And instead of we ourselves being a victim of that fraud, could we ask ourselves, "What would you have me to learn, Lord? What is it I could take away from this diance, my own mistakes or my own wondering, Lord, where did they go wrong? Where have I gone wrong?" For Lord, I believe that there's never a bad time to just stop and ask, "What can I learn?" Yes. As the scripture asks us to submit ourselves one to another, I believe that we could constantly ask ourselves, "What can I learn from you? What can I learn from them? What can I learn in this situation?" It seems as if the longer we live, the less answers we have and the more questions we have. That we don't get it all figured out. We just become more dependent upon the one who knows all things. So Lord, I pray that you would give us grace to redeem the time, to buy the time, to gain the time, to make the proper use of our time. Amen. Lord, I know that we have leisure, we have recreation, and those may be in the forms of certain entertainments, and they they have a place even in a moral society. And when our country was dominated by Christianity, there was a there was a place for leisure and recreational activity. But Lord, those things only make sense in the light of labor, in the context of work. And if all of our our lives become dominated by leisure, by recreation, by entertainment, by content consumption, and we live our lives revolved around these wastes of time, something's wrong. We've become a servant to it. We've no we're no longer using and spending our time wisely. Lord, I want this sermon today to challenge all of us. For Lord, we have not come to church today for cliche. We have not come just to follow a plot-driven story, but we have character in mind. And unless there's a challenge and a choice, are we really cultivating our character? Bless us today. I pray as we're dismissed, go with us. be with uh brother Micah and Sister Maddie as they travel and enjoy some time away. The other families that are vacationing, we're just at that time of year where there's a lot of wisdom and getting out of here. But Lord, I pray that you bring them all back safely. Continue to help [Music] those that are sick and those that are hurting. Sister Esther on vacation in BC with Sister Sarah. Lord, may it be a time of renewal and healing. Lord, may sister Martin continue to heal. May there just be a a improvement day by day. We love you, Father. We commit ourselves to you. We do a re-evaluation today. We take to heart these things. Help us to understand this wasteland that we're in and our way through it. We love you. We ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
