################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - Rebekah's Resolve - Rebekahs Resolve.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   Rebekah's Resolve
Speaker: Rebekahs Resolve
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07-tloXm6e8
========================================

Description:
Rebekah's Resolve
Sunday Service: September 14, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Genesis chapter 24. I'm going to start with verse 10 and then read to verse 15. And the servant took 10 camels of the camels of his master and departed for all the goods of his master were in his hand. And he rose and went to Mesopotamia unto the city of Nahor. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water. And he said, 'Oh Lord, God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the well of water, and the daughters of the men of the city some out of the city come out to draw water. And let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitch, I pray thee, that I may drink, she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac. And thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master. And it came to pass before he had done speaking that behold Rebecca came out who was born of Bethuel, son of Milka, the wife of Noah, Abraham's brother, with her picture upon her shoulder. Amen. You can be seated. Such a remarkable story. And in verse 15, Rebecca's introduced to us. On Wednesday, we ministered on the first nine verses. And we looked at it from the standpoint that God uh Abraham in the as a type of God was composing his will and then he sends his servant to conduct that will each one acting out God's will and God's plan. And today my title is Rebecca's resolve. And uh there's different ways you may be able to take that title, but re Rebecca's resolve. And musically a resolution is that progression from dissonance to consonance. We looked at that idea of music having those different elements that compose a masterpiece. The good and evil, the difficult, the negative, the pressure, the stress, all those things we endure and how that God uses those things to bring forth great beauty and progression from in music to progress from that dissonance, those minors, those sharps, those things that maybe are foroding um and create suspense. It's progression from that to the good, to the consonants, the pleasing. And we wanted to, we've been using dissonance as a concept of fear or doubt or those things that may seem to be unsettling as it's characterized by suspense. You kind of have this hesitation or you're left hanging and you want it to be resolved. You want that note to resolve back on that pleasing tone. And so in using this thought on Rebecca's resolve, it's uh you can look at as her determination, but it is uh her her resolution of dissonance. And we know that there's even a thought on uh dissonance that it's that mental discomfort from conflicting beliefs. Uh something that is an opposition or maybe a paradox is unresolved. If it's a paradox and says, "Well, how can this be true? There's a paradox. If it's unresolved, that can kind of create this idea of well, it seems this way, but it doesn't seem that can be and this dissonance sometimes is just this discomfort from two different ideas that seem to oppose one another. In Genesis 24:es 1 to9, we see that Abraham, as I mentioned before, is composing his will. He's laying out this great plan that he has for his son Isaac. And he empowers Eleazar to carry it out. So he has a vision, he has a plan, and now he's tasked one who's familiar with this plan to go out and to conduct this plan so that there can be a bride for his son. In Genesis 24:5, it says, "And the servant said unto him, per adventure, the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land." So the question is, well, what if the woman does not follow? your goal and your vision is that I would go and find a wife for your son in this land that you had come out of and that God had called you out of and if I find one of this family and I say well my master wants uh you to come and marry his son what if she doesn't go and with that question in mind of well if the if you can't get a bride for my son out of uh Calald out of Babylon should I bring my son must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest So then the question is if I can't get her to come, can I get can your son return and go back to Babylon uh and physically appear there in in Babylon and Calaldia for the sake of getting the son? Now it's important to remember this question that Eleazar has in the beginning and Abraham objects very quickly. Beware that thou bring not my son thither again. So the question is would the woman follow? Abraham could all sort all sorts of visions and ideas and wants for his son. But the woman still had to make a choice as Ezar believes. And if not, should the son go and go to Caldia or Babylon? I keep want to say Leodysia. So you could just maybe look at that type there. Should my son go a and make his appearance there to woo the woman a and to convince her to marry him? And this job of Ezer to go into Calaldia and then begin to speak to people who uh believe differently and but yet there may be some relationship there and just all those questions that might be resolved or challenged or issued. It's it really speaks to the demand of Christianity or the very question that Jesus has when he comes to Israel. They're in this very dark time in their day. And here he says, "I am sent from the father. Follow me." John 21:22 Jesus saith unto him if I tar if I will that he tried till I come. This is Peter saying, "Well, I see what you want from me, but what about this guy over here?" He says, "What is that to thee? Follow thou me." Doesn't matter what anybody else is doing. Well, what about this person? What about that person? His saying to Peter is follow me no matter what anyone else is doing. And we know that Christ is the word sent by the father to disclose the will of the father to even interpret and make plain the plan of God through the Old Testament. And so, Christianity is following Christ. You cannot claim to be a Christian and not follow Christ. &gt;&gt; In Matthew 16 24, then Jesus said to his disciples, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself." And so there's this element of self-denial and take up his cross and follow me. This is the call to every single Christian. So does that mean I have to hear Jesus of Nazareth call my name? Do I need to have a similar experience as the disciples did who are about doing their job and then a man standing there says follow me and I'll make you fishers of men. No, it's not the same physically. It's not the same in reality as far as the the carnal performance of it. But still yet God calls to his seed follow me. &gt;&gt; Now what does this leading look like? Is there's a it's implied if you're following then there's something that's leading. And uh don't fool yourself. Somebody's leading you. something is leading you. &gt;&gt; Uh uh you're following something or someone or you may be leading somebody else because everyone looks to us as an example and and somebody may be following you. &gt;&gt; John chapter 16 verse 13 it says how be it when he the spirit of truth has come. He will guide you into all truth. &gt;&gt; So here is that leadership now not not Jesus of Nazareth as he leads the disciples. He tell them I'm going to go away. It's expedient that I go away. I'm going to go away. But then there's going to be another one come who is the spirit of truth sent of the father which is God himself in the form of the Holy Spirit who is going to guide you or lead you in all truth into all truth. For he will not speak of himself but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he speak and he will show you things to come. &gt;&gt; These are this is a scriptural description of what it would be like to be Peter in that instance. He say, "What is that to thee? If he tarot till I come, follow me." And how is he going to be led? By the spirit of truth. So following requires a guide. &gt;&gt; Following requires leadership. If someone says, "Well, I'm going on a a guided hunt or I'm going on a guided fishing trip." That implies that they have somebody there who may be an expert or knowledgeable in the area, maybe even licensed, and they're going to be the ones that are leading the trip. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going on an a guided hunt. Oh, well, who's your guide? Well, me. I'm the guide. He said, well, that's kind of a weird way of weird way of thinking of it. It'd be kind of like, you know, anybody who represents themselves in the court of law has a fool for a client. And if you you might just be that guy who's not going to fill your tag if you think you're the guide and you don't have the knowledge or expertise because really you don't guide yourself in that sense. You would just be hunting. in Genesis 24:7. Now, this is Abraham's continued response to this question of,"Well, what if the woman doesn't follow me? The Lord God of heaven, which took me from my father's house." So, now that there's this precedent, God led me from my father's house and from the land of my kindred kindred, which he spake unto me, and that swear unto me, saying, "Unto thy seed will I give this land. He shall send his angel before thee." Abraham's speaking from experience. He's saying, I was just there. I was a heathen. I was an idol worshipper. And God dealt with my heart and called me. And there's been this leadership of the Lord in my life to where I am now. So the same God that has led me, I believe that he will send his angel before you. And thou shalt take a wife unto my son from then. That's that's some pretty confident language. God will guide you to that woman and she is going to be led or she going to take my wife from there. Then he says, "But if the willing will the woman will not be willing to follow you, then thou shalt be clear from my oath only bring not my son thither again." Abraham acknowledging that the woman does have ultimately some say in the matter or the family has some say in the matter. So this is what you must do. Follow the angel that is leading you. And if you don't get the response that the woman doesn't answer the way that we want her to, you have to just do what you're supposed to do and you'll be absolved. You'll be clear. And the woman makes her choice. The family makes their choice. &gt;&gt; But you cannot bring my son back to Babylon to Calaldia because that's not my plan. &gt;&gt; And he says, "And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master and swear to him concerning the matter." So the angel in this instance is God's conductor. It's Abraham's uh God's conductor to Abraham's conductor, Eleazar. God is going to lead and to guide this angel. So as we asked Wednesday night, what does leading look like? Abraham isn't just sending the angel of the Lord into Babylon. A a and the woman there wakes up one day in Babylon says, "I must needs go on a road trip." Right? and just all of a sudden is just kind of animated and just floats on a a magic carpet ride down into where Isaac is and they have a chance meeting or she doesn't sign up for Tinder or whatever else means we might think works today. But he is what is leading going to look like and this this leadership I'm wanting to use as an example in Genesis Genesis 24 or even following presents the uh the great difficulty of Christ's call to follow me. Now, if we knew right now that Jesus Christ himself was going to walk through those doors and say, "Come follow me." None of it would none of us would ask, "Where are you going?" &gt;&gt; We would just follow him because we'd have this context, this history, and this is Jesus Christ. Let's follow him. But yet, Christ comes into an atmosphere and says, "Follow me as a as a as one who has represent himself to be a teacher, a master. Follow me." So, there there's one that you follow. But this concept of leadership is so important especially in the New Testament to Christianity or to our identity as children of God. In Romans chapter 8:14, for as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. &gt;&gt; This is a principle that I think every child of God should hold very dear to. God's children are led by God's spirit. &gt;&gt; I thought I woke up in Phoenix. I think I woke up in Phoenix, but I feel like I traveled to one of the poles, the south. It's freezing cold in here. Anybody else cold? That I'm the only one. Okay, I'll put my axe up. It's not quite time to go slaughter hogs. Feels like winter in here. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. So, this leadership is critical to our identity as Christians. And when God when Abraham sends Eleazar and God is going to send his angel before Eleazar and we're using Eleazar as the one that we believe to be this most trusted servant of Abraham. God's angel is not the one the woman would see. &gt;&gt; If the woman went out to draw water and she knew as a for absolute fact this is the angel Lord and he said I want you to go down into a strange land because I have a husband waiting for you. Then there that would be more that would be this level of oh my goodness this is real. What can I do? It put it in a different plane. But the woman would not see God's angel or hear God's angel. It would be Eleaser that she would see and hear. And it would be Ezer that she would have to follow on the basis of his word and the gifts that he provides &gt;&gt; to back up what his promise was. &gt;&gt; The problem isn't so much well that's what it is and that's what it is. But notice what the Bible has to say about uh man in Psalms 118:es 8 and N. It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man. &gt;&gt; And all the women said it's better to put trust Can we back up? It's better to put your trust in the Lord than it is to put your confidence in human. Right? &gt;&gt; And we would all agree it is better that I trust in God than to put my trust in man. And then he says, "It is better to trust the Lord than to put confidence in princes." In other words, it's better to trust God than to trust another person. And it's better to trust a God, trust a God than it is to trust another person that may seem to be more trustworthy or more powerful or more resourceful. &gt;&gt; The Bible says it's better to trust the Lord &gt;&gt; and not to trust man or put confidence in power. Paul said in 1 Corinthians 3 21, "Therefore, let no man glory in men." There is a a qu a challenge then of putting glory in man, relying too much upon the flesh in 1 Corinthians chapter 3:es 3 and 4. So just before this, the the the statement therefore let no man glory in men is kind of answering to this problem he begins to address earlier. For ye are yet carnal. Why are they carnal? For as there is among you envion and strife and divisions, are you not carnal and walk as men? For while one saith, I am of a Paul and another, I am of Apollos, are you not carnal? Notice how they identified themselves with the man Apollos taught me this. Paul taught me this. I was taught this and this is the one that teaches me this. This is the one I'm following. This is the one that's leading me. He says, "You're carnal when you associate yourself with or glory in the man. when you're so so clearly identified with that division and that distinction. He says there's a carnality to it. He says, "Well, I was baptized by this one and I was baptized by that one and I go to this person's church and I go to that person's church." So, there's a lot that we can begin to glean from both Old Testament and New Testament that kind of say, well, uh I don't know how can I follow and I don't want to be guilty of following a man or putting my trust in a man. Paul said in Ephesians 5:1, "Be therefore followers of God as dear children, &gt;&gt; imitators, pursuing after following God as his own children." Well, that's that should be easier than it would be to follow, you know, a stranger or some other man because the children of God are led by the spirit of God. So, if you were a child of God, you're being led by the spirit of God and that should be leading you to follow God. We said that's the dynamic. That's what we believe in. Right. &gt;&gt; And so Genesis chapter 24 presents a difficult situation that is analogous to what we face even in following Christ. We say well this woman and if we look at it in the context of uh tradition and culture and during that time there's a lot of things that were done differently than we do them today. But yet still this is a challenge. A strange man is going to show up and ask you to marry his servant's son. All these different degrees of separation. Is my is my future husband your master? No, his dad's my master. It's all right. So, what's let me get this straight. This is the question that's be going to be posed. And then in Jeremiah 10:23, oh Lord, I know that the way of man is not in himself. It is not in man that walketh to direct his steps. We should not put confidence in man or in princes. We're carnal when we glory in men. And then we ourselves do not know within ourselves the way to take. All right. No, I'm not going to trust anybody else. I I got to go on my own. And Paul even said, we put no confidence in the flesh, his own flesh. So there is this drilling down to where I I it's better to trust in the Lord than to trust in you. And I can't even trust in myself because this deceitful heart will lead me astray. And the man it's not within himself to know his way. It's not in him to direct his steps. &gt;&gt; So if I can say this in uh to the point if you do not know Christ, you cannot follow Christ. &gt;&gt; And you cannot I mean following the spirit is much harder when you don't have it. There's a way that you're kind of trying to read the tea tea leaves a little bit and go, "Oh, they're doing this. They're doing that." You kind of follow the crowds and you do what other people are doing. And there could be a way where you're changing the s you're chasing the signs of his presence. And so you might you might seem to be in the right direction and are in the right place at the right time every so often. But if you do not have the Holy Spirit, you are not internally following the spirit of truth that Christ promised to come and lead you and guide you into all truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; So if you do not know Christ, you cannot follow him. You say, "Well, then how can I ever follow him?" Well, there has to be an introduction to him. &gt;&gt; And a choice to follow him &gt;&gt; and through that new birth have the spirit that would lead you after him. &gt;&gt; John chapter 6 29, I think it's expressed this way when they said, "Well, what can we do to work the mighty works of God?" Jesus said, "This is the work of God that you believe on him whom he hath sent." &gt;&gt; Look at that twofold. In other words, I want to work the works of God. Well, the greatest work, your magnum opus, what the best thing you can do is to believe in him. &gt;&gt; Have faith. &gt;&gt; And look at it in this sense that that is the work of God. &gt;&gt; When you have faith in him, God has wrought that or produced that. So the greatest works is the greatest work uh uh healing is the greatest work salvation is the greatest work to create is the greatest work to raise the dead you can say those are all great works but they all begin in faith &gt;&gt; that that's the initial work of God upon which everything else is founded &gt;&gt; so we see this demand of Christianity follow me follow Christ must follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit in Genesis chapter 24 The angel Lord is going to go before Eleazar, but it's going to be Eleazar, the earthly servant that's going to stand there before a woman and say, "Will you marry my servant's son?" &gt;&gt; In Matthew 21 32-36, I just want you to see just how difficult it is for man to accept the ones that God sends. And John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and you believed him not. So even though he was in the spirit of Elijah, a forerunner, they did not believe him. But the publicans and the harlots believed him, the ones you wouldn't think would believe him. And ye, when you had seen it, repented not afterward that you might believe him. So they didn't receive him. Others did, but they still didn't change even after the other's faith. So he says here another parable. And he's expounding upon this. They rejected the prophet that God had sent. There was a certain householder who planted a vineyard and hedged it round about and digged a wine press in it and built a tower and led it out to husbandmen. So now he owns the land, he prepares it, leaves it to husbandmen and went into a far country. And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen that they might receive the fruits of it. So he has placed husbandmen in care over his estate and then the owner sends a servant to collect what he's due. I want the fruits of this vineyard. I I want to enjoy the fruits of this harvest. And it says the men that were there in that country tending his fields took his servants and beat one and killed another and stoned another. Again he sent other servants more than the first and they did unto them likewise. This is there is left a a responsibility over something and whenever the one who owns it sends a servant to collect what they're due they beat they they beat the servant he sends more they beat that servant and then in doing so they are they are rejecting the one who owns that the one who's given them that responsibility the one that he sends and Jesus hear the parable. This is what you did to John. &gt;&gt; And he continues even so goes so far as to say that his uh they he sends his son and what do they do to him? &gt;&gt; So there's the wisdom even in that if they won't if they won't receive the servants, if they won't receive his prophets, they're not going to receive him or even his son. &gt;&gt; It's remarkable just how quickly I moved back into Phoenix. It's starting to get warm. I'm schizophrenic up here uh as far as the temperature. So just you guys do what you need to do and we'll be fine. Luke 13:34, he says it a little bit more plainly. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killth klest the prophets and stoneest them that are sent unto thee. This is what they do. They kill the prophets. &gt;&gt; The parable is about Israel &gt;&gt; who believed in God, but the very ones who were servants of God and spoke on God's behalf. They're killing them and stoning them and rejecting them. &gt;&gt; And this is what they asked for too. God, you don't speak to us. have Moses speak to us. So God establishes there in Deuteronomy the order of prophets. Okay, I won't speak to you. I will use prophets to speak to you. But then this is the nature of man that when God actually sends a prophet to speak to them, they find reason to stone him and reject him. &gt;&gt; It's almost as if they don't want what they asked for. &gt;&gt; So well God, you just speak to us. You just deal with me in my heart. You just lead me internally. I'll just follow my instinct and my gut. So there's the pattern that we see even in Israel that they reject the servants. If we're to be forwardlooking, if we were to read these scriptures and we see how Israel and mankind had behaved for these thousands of years and now Abraham is going to send Eleazar into a strange land as a servant to get a bride for his son, we say he's going to have problems because man, if man will can reject even those who have authority from a sovereign or from the owner. And the hardest thing that God has ever had to do is to get one mortal to believe another. There's a lot of hard things that we could say, but it's one of the hardest things that God has ever had to do. It's one of the most difficult things for you to do is to believe another mortal. &gt;&gt; But yet, that's the way that God has play laid this out. God has chosen man to be his conductor. &gt;&gt; He may have composed it, but man has conducted it. He has designed it that spiritled men represent him. And if that is true in this sense, we are either following God because we're led &gt;&gt; or we we're following ourselves and we're blind. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or we're following someone else who is blind. &gt;&gt; If this is oversimplistic, I'm sure we can thresh this out a little bit more in one of our breakout sessions. But you're either led by God, &gt;&gt; right? who go and and understanding how God leads &gt;&gt; or you're leading yourself in which case you're without God's leadership therefore you're blind &gt;&gt; or you're following somebody else who in fact is not led by God because otherwise if you being led by God maybe there is someone else leading but in fact if they're blind then it's exactly what Jesus said &gt;&gt; lead them alone if the blind lead the blind they're all going to end up in the ditch Without Holy Ghost leadership, you are blind. &gt;&gt; Even if you're following the right one, you're still blind. &gt;&gt; And if you if you have the Holy Ghost, then you can be led and be following God. &gt;&gt; So in Genesis chapter 24, Eleazar is being sent by Abraham. But the question is, why would the woman follow a man? I want to use Acts chapter 8 verses 26-39. And as we look at this story, as we walk through this, I think we can get through it rather quickly. This in the New Testament church, the angel Lord spake unto Philillip, saying, "Arise and go toward the south, unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza," which is the desert. Philip is being led by the Lord. And he's now following that leading into the desert. He speaks to him, "Arise and go. Arise and go and go into the desert." And so the Bible says in verse 27, he arose and went. This is the leadership of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; The angel of the Lord is Abraham said, "The angel of the Lord's going to go before you, Eleazar, and he's going to make your way prosperous." Now, Philip is told by the angel of the Lord, "Arise and go into the desert." He arose and went and behold a man of the Ethiopia, a unic of great authority under Candace, a queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure. This is a very powerful man. and had come to Jerusalem for to worship was returning and sitting in his chariot read Isaiah the prophet. Now as we look at this example of Philillip and now this example of this Ethiopian unic I want you to catch that this unic is obediently worshiping God. &gt;&gt; He had gone to Jerusalem. He went to church. He went to worship as they would be required to. And now he's reading the book of Isaiah, the scrolls, and he he's seeking truth and wisdom. So he's he's going to church. He's reading his Bible. He's he's obediently worshiping God. And now, see, a stranger shows up who's been sent by the Holy Spirit. He sees this Ethiopian. The spirit says unto Philip in verse 29, "Go near and join thyself to his chariot." Not sure just exactly how these logistics work, but now Philip is there at the chariot. and he runs thither to him and heard him read the prophet Isaiah. And so he's reading out loud and Philip asked, "Do you understand what you're reading?" So in this in this uh scene, Philillip is following the leadership of the Holy Spirit and he asks the Ethiopian, "Do you understand the the prophet?" Now catch the humilian wisdom of this Ethiopian unic, the wisdom of this answer. And the unic says in verse 31, "How can I understand what I'm reading unless some man should teach me? &gt;&gt; How can I know what Isaiah is saying unless I am taught or someone give me understanding? How can I accept some man should guide me?" And he desired Philillip that he would come up and sit with him. &gt;&gt; The Ethiopian has acknowledged that he may need a man to lead him to say guide him means to give guidance to or to teach. I I need someone to lead me because I I I I'm a little bit uh hesitant to trust myself and I don't want to just interpret these things and how can I accept I be guided in these things and he wanted Philip maybe we can fellowship on this. It says in verse 32, the place of the scripture which he read was this. He was led as a sheep to the slaughter and like a lamb dumb before his shear so open he not his mouth. What a place to be reading. In his humiliation, his judgment was taken away. And who shall declare his generation? For his life is taken from the earth. We know he's reading prophecy of Jesus Christ, the Messiah, the son of God. &gt;&gt; The prophecy that the Messiah would give his life, that he would shed his blood, that he would be the lamb slain. And so the unic answers and ask Philip this question in verse 34. I pray thee, of whom speaks the prophet? Does he speak of himself or some other man? Is Isaiah the one who's like a lamb dumb before his shears? Is Isaiah the one who's going to be slaughtered and taken from the earth? Or is he prophesying or speaking of somebody else? With the understanding at the minimum, I can say this. He he seeks after wisdom. He's he wants to uh know truth and seek wisdom and in all his getting get understanding. And so with this knowledge that he needs to be led, he's asking a question to be taught. Does he speak of himself or does he speak of another? Verse 35. Then Philip opened his mouth and began and maybe he opened his mouth at first like wow. God leads me here. &gt;&gt; Can you believe it? What a coincidence, right? his mouth. He opens his mouth and began at the same scripture and preached unto him Jesus. &gt;&gt; Now, what he had to preach to him is what the present truth &gt;&gt; he had to preach to them. Isaiah was actually speaking of I don't know if you've heard of him, but it was a man named Jesus of Nazareth. He performed a lot of miracles recently and was doing these different things. And that's the one that he spoke of and him the the Romans crucified at the direction of the hands of the Jews as the Bible said. And he begins to use the Bible to preach unto him Jesus. And as he's preaching to him, Jesus noticed what the progress they make. And as they went on their way, they came under a certain water. And the unic said, "See, here is water. What do hinder me to be baptized?" He had preached to him the gospel. &gt;&gt; And Jesus commanded that we go into all the world and preach the gospel and baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. And the unic is picking up what's being laid down. He says, "Here's water. what hinders me from being immersed immediately in water in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So he's he's he's hearing the word taught by uh Philillip on the from the scripture and he understands and he believes &gt;&gt; and Philip says if thou believest with all thine heart thou mayest. So he wants to challenge him. &gt;&gt; You've got to believe with all your heart because the Bible says, "He who seeks me with his whole heart will find me." And he answers says, "I believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God." &gt;&gt; What a declaration. this uh unic from Ethiopia, very powerful man, a trusted man who is uh worshiping at Jerusalem and reading the Bible with all sincerity has a servant of God led of the spirit to teach to him Jesus Christ from the scripture says I believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God. &gt;&gt; And he commanded the chariot to stand still and they went both down both into the water. This is how you're baptized, not by sprinkling, &gt;&gt; by immersion. And they went down into the water, both Philip and the unic, and he baptized him. He immersed him. And when they came up out of the water, this isn't sprinkling. He says, "The spirit of the Lord caught away Philillip that the Unix saw him no more, and he went on his way rejoicing. Now the unit could be led." Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Even there's a lot of I don't know if they're the Coptic Christians, but there's even Christians in Ethiopia that they they can trace back to this time when the gospel went back to Ethiopia. Philip himself had been called by Christ in John chapter 1. Follow me. Now Philip is being led by Christ into the wilderness into the desert to introduce that same Christ to a unic. Though he doesn't see Jesus of Nazareth, he's going to make the introduction. In John 1:43 to50, the day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee and findeth Philip and say unto him, "Follow me." And Philip was of Bethaya to the city of Andrew and Peter. Philip findeth Nathaniel, and said unto him, we found him of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets did right, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathaniel said unto him, "Can there can there any good thing come out of Nazareth?" And Philip saith unto him, "Come and see." Philip had followed Christ, was convinced of who he was. And so then he says, "Come and see this Christ. Come and see this one." Now, I believe had Christ been physically present on the earth during that day, perhaps he would have told the Ethiopian, "I got here pretty fast and I know one that can get us out of here pretty fast. If you want to go see him, he's on the shores of Galilee right now. Take your chariot and go turn. You must go to him. Come and see." But instead he preaches to him Christ from the scripture. The demand of Christ to repent and be baptized. And now Philip can be led. And this is God's works. It's he that works in you both to believe and to do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His work is that you believe him unseen by the human eye. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But you believe him by the words of his servants. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a God that loves you. Well, I want him to tell me himself. And then that you could just show the ways that he told you already that he loves you. Well, I just want him to do this in the sky and I want him to do this and I want a demand of heaven. That it's the attitude they had toward the Messiah. If you be the Messiah, come off the cross. If you be the Messiah, tell me who hit you. &gt;&gt; And there's a way that we might seem to be sincere, but we're actually asking God to clown for us and to bypass his pattern that this is the will of God that you believe on him whom he hath sent. It is impossible to please God without faith. He wants you to believe. Gentiles, trust me on this. This is scriptural. This is Bible. He wants you to believe in a greater way than even he expected of the Jews to believe in a Christ that you can't physically touch or see. &gt;&gt; But you take him at his word. &gt;&gt; Hebrews chapter 6 10 to12. For God is not unrighteousness righteous to forget your work and labor of love which you have showed towards his name and that you have ministered to the saints and do minister a lot there to process beautiful things. But then he says and we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end. That foundation I think is critical to what he says next because these are labors. These are servants. They're giving. But then he says that you be not slothful but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't be slothful. Don't be dilatory. Don't get lazy. But follow those who through faith and patience inherit the process. The promises. &gt;&gt; Look at the example and follow others who are obtaining God's blessings, &gt;&gt; doing God's work. So though they ministered and labored, he's now saying, and it might seem to make us a little uneasy because we have all these I don't want to glory in man and I don't want to do this and I don't want to do that. But now he's saying follow those who through faith and patience inherit the proc promises. That's an important thing. Faith and patience is perseverance. &gt;&gt; We were cautioned earlier don't glory in men because one says I am of Paul and I am of Apollos. But Paul clarifies in verse 5 1 Corinthians chapter 3 5-6. Who then is Paul and who is Apollos? Right? Who is pastor? What is a pastor? Who is Paul? Who is Apollos? But ministers by whom you believed, &gt;&gt; even as the Lord gave to every man. &gt;&gt; It reads almost to say that God has given gifts to men. &gt;&gt; That by those gifts, you would believe. &gt;&gt; Who is Paul? He's a minister from God through which you believed in Christ. Who is Apollos? A minister of God through which you believed in Christ. And Paul says, "I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." &gt;&gt; Notice that God's divine plan uses human initiative. &gt;&gt; Your work and labor of love, your diligence in ministering. God uses human initiative. &gt;&gt; Paul plants, Apollos waters, but it's God that gives the increase. &gt;&gt; Do we want to just sit back, I'll do all the planting, I'll do all the watering? Well, if that's the case, is God going to give the increase? You're just going to be your own little pot. What soil are you in? I I made it myself. &gt;&gt; What seed is that? I made it myself. But he says, "Who's Paul and who's Apollos?" He when he says, "Thou shalt not glory in men." And he says, "They're carnal because I'm of Paul and I'm of Apollos." He's saying, "You've forgotten who they were. They were ministers through whom you believed in the Lord &gt;&gt; because God gave you that ministry to believe in him." Amen. &gt;&gt; One can plant another waters, but it's all God. &gt;&gt; It's up to God in the end to give the increase. &gt;&gt; First Thessalonians chapter 1:es 5-7, for our gospel came not unto you in the word, in word only, but also in power and in the demonstration, excuse me, in power and in the Holy Ghost. In Corinthians, he uses a a phrase of demonstration and in much assurance as you know what manner of men we were among you for your sake. So even the assurance is in the manner of man that he was. His testimony is an example. So he says in verse six, I hope you're all ready for this because I read some things earlier that said one thing, but now he says, "And ye became followers of us." And it's at that moment we all shut our Bibles and said, "No, can't believe it. No, no way. I need to find a Bible that leaves Paul out of this." Because he said they became followers of him and the Lord, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Having received the word in much affliction with joy of the Holy Ghost. Notice just how much is in this phrase. You became followers of me and the Lord because you received the word with the joy of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; The believers at Thessalonica are followers of Paul. But not just Paul to say, well, I'm of Paul and I am of Paul, but they are followers of the Lord, having received the word through Paul and with the joy of the Holy Ghost. So Paul is not ashamed to say that they're following the Lord and him &gt;&gt; because he knows that that is not it's not exclusive and that if they're following him they could not follow the Lord because if he's preaching the word and they follow him then by necessity they are now following Christ. &gt;&gt; And then he says in verse seven so that ye were examples to all that believe in Macedonia and Akaya. So they became examples to others to whom the message was coming to. &gt;&gt; I want you to notice what the word of the Lord did in Thessalonica that the word of the Lord came by the prophet Paul. He preached the word. They received the word. The joy of the Holy Ghost fell upon them and they begin to follow Paul and the Lord. And therefore they were examples to believers in other areas that God uses the agency of man will speak his word through them. He'll vindicate it by the Holy Ghost and they can then follow the Lord. Paul even knew that this is how it worked because he even told them when you read my letters in your assemblies because they were looking to him. They became followers of Paul and Christ and therefore examples to every believer in Macedonia and Akaya. Now I want to say this. So in this sense it's not wrong to follow a man. I'm just thinking maybe you guys just don't trust me or you're like, "Brother, we've been here before. You asked us one time, if I told you a horse, a horse horse's tail was a leg, how many legs would a horse have?" And we all said, "Five." Because you just told us the tail was a leg. And I said, "No, no matter what I tell you, he only has four legs." And then from then on, you've never even trusted me with any questions I ask. If it wasn't wrong for the believers at Thessalonia, Macedonia to follow Paul, then I would say it's not wrong to follow man. It's just which one are you following? &gt;&gt; And you say, well, I'm I'm I'm I'm following myself. Wrong one. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm following this guy. What kind of guy is he? &gt;&gt; We read earlier that in the Bible, it says a scoffer seeks knowledge and will never get it. A fool feeds his mouth with foolishness. If you're following a fool, he's going to feed you foolishness. &gt;&gt; If you're following a scoffer, he's going to feed you mockery and criticism. &gt;&gt; Are you following yourself? You following a a makeel believer, a deceiver, or you following God's servant? The believers here. So, I was looking at this for our our youth meeting this afternoon. In each one of these instance, whether it be the Jews or the Ethiopian or even those in Thessalonica, they're confronted with something that contradicts their previously held beliefs. &gt;&gt; And so, how did they resolve that? And let's look at Genesis chapter 24 as our foreshadowing has suggested that we would come here in verse 15. after the servant of the Lord has come and he's prayed, you know, let as we read in our text, let it come to pass when I come to the well, let this very thing happen. He's following the leadership of the Lord. He's praying his heart according to the plan of God, the desire of his master. And it came to pass before he had done speaking, behold, Rebecca came out and she's from that very family of Abraham. So now God has Abraham's made the plan. his servant is conducting it. And now into this scene, this drama, this symphony, this composition comes Rebecca. And now let's watch her in this and let's see her resolve. And now he begins to speak. I'm just going to read the whole story as we walk through verses 34 to 50 54 in here. And it says, "And he said,"I am Abraham's servant, and the Lord hath blessed my master greatly." Notice how how he he's acknowledging Abraham and the Lord. He doesn't speak of himself except to say, "I am the servant of Abraham who God has blessed. He's become great, and he hath given him." God has given him flocks and herds and silver, and gold, and men servants, and maid servants, and camels and asses. And Sarah, my master's wife, bear a son to my master when she was old. And unto him hath he given all that he hath. And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a thou shalt not take a wife of my son of the daughters of the Canaanites in whose land I dwell. But thou shalt go into my father's house into my kindred and take a wife unto my son. And I said to my master, he's telling the whole story. This is what we read already in the first 10 verses. So we're getting the whole story. And I said unto my master, per adventure, the woman will not follow me. And he said unto me, the Lord before whom I walk will send his angel with me and prosper thy way, and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred and of my father's house. Notice just how accurate he's being. Does he repeat it verbatim and exactly? Well, maybe not exactly, but this is accurate to what Abraham wanted. Then thou shalt be clear of this thine oath when thou comest to my kindred, and if they will not give thee one, thou shalt be clear of my oath. And I came this stand to the well and said, this is just on Eleazar's testimony, right? Notice how I want you to begin to enter into maybe the skeptics's scenery. Oh, it's like the Lord showed me that you're the one and he told me that you would listen to me say that, right? And there's like a way that you can just build this up where, well, it seems pretty obvious to me that you could have just orchestrated all this. How do we know this is what happened? But he says, "Oh Lord God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go, behold, I will stand by the well of water. And it shall come to pass that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, I say to her, give me, I pray thee, ae, a little water, of thy pitcher to drink, and she say to me, both drink thou, and I will also drink for thy camels, and let the same be the woman whom the Lord hath appointed out of my master's son." Uh, I'm realizing now I cut a lot out here, so let me back up. This is him telling the story to her family. Right? Was that obvious? Did I kind of skip that part? Should we start over? Genesis chapter 24:34. This is where now after he has approached the woman, he prayed, he asked the Lord for guidance and leadership and he said, "I'm going to ask her for a drink and the one to whom is fit for me, she is going to be the one to say that that the one that I'm come to get is going to have the right answer to what I'm praying. She's going to say, "Let me give to your camels also." And she's going to show this great kindness and hospitality. And so, it's then that he he tells her uh uh what God had done. And so, now I I skipped here to be able to tell the story in more brevity, but uh maybe losing that a little bit, but now he comes and he's telling the whole story to her family. &gt;&gt; So, now we're reading the narrative of what happened that day as he tells his family. So he says as the Lord and and so it came to pass that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, I say to her, give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink, and she say to me, both drink thou and also draw for thy camels, and let the same be the woman whom the Lord hath appointed out of my master's son out for my master son. And before I had done speaking in my heart, behold, Rebecca came forth with the pitcher on her shoulder, and she went down into the well and drew water. And I said unto her, "Let me drink, I pray thee." And she made haste and let down her pitcher from her shoulder and said, "Drink." And I will give thy camels drink also. So I drank. And she made the camels drink also. And I asked her and said, "Whose daughter at vow?" And she said, "The daughter of Bethl, Nahor's son, whom Milka bear unto him." None of us have ever probably said that before. Who are your mom and dad? Well, my dad is David, who is the son of Morton, who is the son. You know, we just we could kind of, you know, who are you? Well, we're kind of like, well, I'll just leave you in suspense of me at least. And he says, "And I bowed down my head and worshiped the Lord." This is his instinct. He's not like, "Wow, did I do this or what?" He blesses the Lord, God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother, daughter, master's brother's daughter unto his son. Notice how he say God's has led me here. &gt;&gt; The God of Abram has led me in the right way. I followed his leading to this very place at this well in this strange country to the brothers my his brother's daughter to marry his son. So now he says, "And now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me and if not tell me." In other words, will you let me have your daughter? If not, tell me that I may return to the right hand or to the left. Let me know now so I can go. Then Laban and Bethl answered and said, catch this. This is very important. The thing proceedth from the Lord. We cannot speak unto thee bad or good. Notice how initially they are convinced that wow this sure looks like this is God. This thing proceeded from the Lord. The Lord has blessed Abraham. Abraham has asked you to go. He said this Lord would send his angel before you. You pray and then the very prayer is answered in that very moment and our daughter comes and she's the son my my daughter who is and his who is related comes from the family of whom your master is seeking to get a wife. And they're just like, "Wow, this is this is great. Behold, Rebecca is before thee. Take her and go." And all the daughters here are like, "Where is this going? Take her and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the Lord hath spoken." &gt;&gt; And it came to pass that when Abraham's servant heard the words, he worshiped the Lord, bowing himself to the earth. And the servant wrought brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment and gave them to Rebecca. And he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. So the family is starting to benefit from this. I've read a lot on this traditionally and historically. It's interesting here that originally Laban is there uh with Bethl his father, but then when the gifts are given and then from then on it's just Laban and his mother. A and so there's there's a lot of rich tradition and history as to why Bethwell is no longer mentioned. But it says and they did eat and drink and he and the men that were with him and they terried all night and they rose up in the morning and he said send me away unto my master. He wants to go with haste. So initially the father and the brothers speak on Rebecca's behalf. For the moment we can see that this proceeds from God. Take Rebecca as God hath spoken. They believe the message of Eleazar. And they are willing to give their daughter to him as the the servant of God, as an agent of God. And they're enjoying the gifts and the fellowship. And they're having a great time of fellowship. And maybe there's even this thought of man the honor that our family's being bestowed to Mary and to wealth and this great man. But then at morning time when now eleaser the the reality begins to set in and different forces begin to work and in the initial happiness of all this is God and isn't this beautiful and this wonderful and all the gifts and all the moving and all the revival and all the fellowship in the morning they they wake up and through something the familiar challenge of leadership and following raises its head. And in verse 55 it says, "And her brother and her mother said, let the damsel abide with us a few days at least the 10, and after that she shall go." The family has had a change of heart. And we think, well, this is kind of minor. Just give us 10 days. And there's a way that we can look at this and say, well, this seems reasonable. Just as Pharaoh said, well, you can go and worship three days journey, but return again or don't do this and don't do that. leave your children behind. We might say there's something reasonable to this, but in many margins, I don't know if it's in the Scoffield Bible, but many to the almost to the tea, almost every single one, even ones who take this approach this differently, almost all of them acknowledge that the language suggests a full year or at least 10 months. So, it wasn't just, can we wait a few days? It was, yeah, can we just observe this ritual? can you just give us a little bit more time? And there is this desire to just at least delay because there's even this thought that well if we we've already we've got a lot of gifts we've already been enriched by this and so if we delay what is there to lose if we delay and listen delay is dangerous &gt;&gt; I don't know what the reason is exactly happy with the gifts from Abraham but suddenly they want to do they they're happy they're rejoicing they're fellowshipping this is great they're happy about the marriage. They're happy with the gifts, but then all of a sudden they want to delay Rebecca's going. Did they want more gifts? Was this an opportunity to up the price? It's like, I don't know if I mentioned this to you, but with inflation, the dowy is much higher. Were they no longer convinced? Did someone say, "How do we know this guy isn't just a con man who knows you you had of a brother named Abraham? He just did some, you know, social engineering here. He's been following you on Facebook. He knows all this stuff about you. How do you know? &gt;&gt; Could you just imagine they showed up with some crumpled up papyrus and say, "This guy was born yesterday. How could you believe him?" And with that, an element of doubt has risen up in their minds. And this doubt needs to be resolved. &gt;&gt; It happens. It's natural. It comes with the course. Wouldn't it just be great if every time somebody showed up and said, "I'm following the Lord. Follow me. You'll be okay." I'm going, "That sounds great. This is my comfort zone." Right? I'm following. All of a sudden, something's going to happen. It's be like, "Whoa, I don't Whoa, whoa, &gt;&gt; got check time. &gt;&gt; I don't know if I'm so sure anymore." And you're going to have to know that what was said was true. &gt;&gt; You're going to have to know for yourself. &gt;&gt; And so, Eleaza responds. He's got a vision. He's got a declaration. He's got a a message to deliver. And he said unto them, "Hinder me not, seeing the Lord hath prospered my way. Send me away that I may go to my master." And they might have said, "Well, how do we know he prospered your way?" Because now they're getting a little bit more invested in this. And I know I'm uh just maybe uh riffing on this some, but he said, "Well, the Lord did this and Lord did that, and I was praying, your daughter walked out." They might say, "Well, how do we know you were actually praying that prayer?" &gt;&gt; Couldn't it just be a little bit opportunistic? There's some other ladies who said you'd been there a while. And so they say in verse 57, "We'll call the damsel and inquire at her mouth." Although it seemed the family was on board, they believed this is of God. This is wonderful. Isn't this great? Now they seem to be backing out of the agreement. and they say,"Well, let's allow Rebecca the agency to choose." And it's the first time that maybe we see that she is given choice in the matter. &gt;&gt; And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "Will you go with this man?" Do I have another slide the there on the next one? I don't know. I'm just trying to remember. Is there 58? Okay. Will you go with this man? I I really I want to slow down and I want you think about this. Will you really go? And now notice with this man hinting she shouldn't leave with this man. Why don't you wait for Isaac? Why do you need to leave with the servant? If he's so mighty and powerful, why didn't he just send his son? If that's the one you're going to marry, if that's the one you need to follow, if that's the one that you need to believe in, you need to be wed to, then why why deal with the middleman, &gt;&gt; Eleazar? Will you follow this man? They're implying this absent bridegroom. It's the servant that travels to meet the girl. It's the servant that meets the girl. &gt;&gt; It's the servant that performs the signs and gives the gifts. &gt;&gt; When you look at it, it's almost as if Eleazar is acting as a surrogate as a proxy for Isaac. &gt;&gt; When you would expect maybe Isaac to be the one doing it, &gt;&gt; you may at least Abraham or maybe more appropriately Isaac would show up. Hey, you do the dirty work. Who needs a wingman like this? Hey, you know, my master's son thinks you're cute. Hey, so do we need these kind of tricks? &gt;&gt; Rebecca, do your feet hurt? &gt;&gt; Hey, there's this idea of like, why don't you just have Isaac do it? &gt;&gt; But she says, "I will go." &gt;&gt; Will you go with this man who's leading you to a husband, or should you just wait? should you tarry? That's why he was told in the beginning, "My master said, I'm not to bring my son here." So they knew the they knew it in the beginning. &gt;&gt; They knew the requirements. They knew what they were following. They knew what they were getting themselves into. There was no ambiguity. &gt;&gt; But now as they hedge, they say, "Well, then ask her." She says, "I will." Traditionally, the rabbis have taught it in Israel and their Sephora and their Midrash that Rebecca in this very moment, just as you could say of of Naomi and these ones that de Ruth demonstrated trust in God. &gt;&gt; She exhibits something in this very moment. I will follow this man. Why? I believe that God, his God, has prospered his master and has sent him to get a bride for his master's son &gt;&gt; and the spirit has led him here and he prayed and has prospered his way. I will go. &gt;&gt; Think of this moment. She's in Babylon, Caldia, the city of Neor. She's not in Palestine. She's not in Canaan. She's in a strange land. A land that they were called out of. Abraham was called out of. And she exhibits this great courage in leaving what? Family, birthplace, to go to an unknown land to marry a man she had never met, to live in a land she had never seen seen. Are you Are you picturing Rebecca's predicament situation? And what is it that she represents? What is it she becomes an example of? She becomes an example to Israel, her very descendants when they sold journed in a strange land in Egypt where they would be called out of Egypt following a man that they would say, "I will go and depart." Their matriarch had already demonstrated that that willingness to meet the challenge. And she demonstrated faith in God. She exemplified to her very descendants. There may come a day when you'll souljourn in a strange land. And there'll come one claiming to be a servant of God who will give gifts and signs and you must follow him because he's the one that speaks on God's behalf. &gt;&gt; To lead you from a strange land and give you the land that I have promised you. So I ask you, do you have Rebecca's resolve to follow the God who is leading? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is it in us to follow? &gt;&gt; She says, "I will go." And the next verse says, "And Rebecca arose." &gt;&gt; She took her damsel and says, "And they rode upon the camels and followed the man and the servant took Rebecca and went his way." These camels appear earlier in the chapter when you read it. There's this beautiful kind of equilibrium and symmetry to it. These camels appear sent by Abraham led by Ees are now these are the very ones that Rebecca watered. &gt;&gt; The ones she cared for, the ones she nourished, the ones she was drawn to to to support. And it's those very camels now that are leading her to her unseen bridegroom. Rebecca followed Eleazar and she was even following his example because it says Rebecca arose and rode upon the camels. In Genesis 24:10, the servant took 10 camels and he arose and went. In the end, she arose and went. In the beginning, he arose and went. So, notice the messenger, the servant does in following the angel of the Lord. Now, she's following and she arose and she went. Amen. &gt;&gt; She's following the example of the servant who said, "And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. This is what he demonstrated in front of her. This is what he's paying service to. This is how he responds. He bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. And he blessed the the Lord God of He says, "Bless be the Lord God of my master Abraham, whoath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth. I being in the way, the Lord led me to the house of my master's brethren." She hears the testimony of Eleazar. And it's not about him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And it's not just about Isaac, right? &gt;&gt; It's not even just about Abraham. He's saying this is what God has done. &gt;&gt; This is what the Lord has done. &gt;&gt; And that is incredible as I've read in these things over the last week just how much the Jews have debated whether or not Eleazar was faithful. And and there's so much talk of well he did this and he did that and he did this and did that. And to me the scriptur is being very clear that the reason why the woman was willing to follow him is he had not behaved in any way untoward towards her that would give her any reason to believe that he wasn't pointing her to the promise &gt;&gt; that my master has sent me. And this is what he said cuz he's this is and she's following his example. Hebrews chapter 13 7 8 and 9. We all know verse 8, right? Hebrews 138. This is what it speaks to. This cog right in the middle of these verses. Remember them which have the rule over you. That's not like you're a ruler but that lead or guide. Remember those that are leading you Paul said followers of us says follow me as I follow Christ. &gt;&gt; He is teaching these things in these in these details in this way of this follow me as I follow Christ. follow in my in my example so that you become followers of God as dear children as they became followers of us. Who am I but a servant sent from God through whom you believe. So he says remember them who have le who lead you who have spoken unto you the word of God. So that's the leadership whose faith follow. So he's asking to follow their faith. Consider in the end of their conversation the sum of their life and what they're pointing to. Not whether or not they ever made a mistake. Not whether or not you could trust them on all matters. And not whether or not but it's like what is their faith? What's the sum of what they're pointing to? &gt;&gt; And the next verse is Jesus Christ the same &gt;&gt; yesterday and today and forever. Follow those that are leading you because their faith is following and their faith is centered on Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Be not carried about with diverse and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace. So what is he pointing to? Avoid these false doctrines and deceptions by following the right leadership. &gt;&gt; By following those who have rule over you, who point to Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; As you musicians come to their instruments, I'd like to read verse 62 to 65. Rebecca has arose and she's following the man. And as they're traveling on their camels, it says, "Isaac came from the way of the well of Lorai, for he dwelt in the south country. And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the even tide, just as the servant had been at the well in the evening time. And he lifted up his eyes and saw and behold the camels were coming. And Rebecca lifted up her eyes. And when she saw Isaac, she leapt off the camel. She jumped. Well, what in the world would cause that? What would cause her to be so moved to him? &gt;&gt; She'd never laid eyes on him before. She had only ever heard about him through Eleazar. &gt;&gt; But now when she sees him, it says she lighted off the camel. And the next verse, it's kind of almost backwards, but it says, "She said unto the servant, when she saw Isaac in the field meditating, and he lifts up his eyes, and he sees the camels, there must have been some moment where there was this looking into one another's face from a distance. She says unto Eleazar, who is that man that walks in the field to meet us? He's in that field in the evening time. Maybe just Lord, bless this field. Bless my father's servant, Eleazar. I'm still grieving over the loss of my mother. And he's just there praying. And as he's walking, he sees a camel train off in the distance. And he starts to walk towards it. This looks like this looks like that promised meeting. This looks like that return of Eleazar, the faithful servant. And as he's coming and maybe his pace begins to quicken, Rebecca says, "Who's this one that's now coming to meet us in the field?" And Eleazar says to him, "It is my master." Therefore, she took a veil, covered herself, and ran to meet him in the field. Ran to meet the one that she had been betrod to. I say through everything that might have been taking place and that we see happen in this chapter and all the challenges that face it from all these different directions, here's Rebecca's resolve. And I can say, what a resolution. What an example of God's program. What an example of God's pattern that demonstrates the challenges of leadership and following. And she not only resolved and determined in her heart, I will and went, but it brought a resolution to all the dissonance that was chaotic around her. All the questions and all the all the negativity. She said, "I'll go." And she stands today as an example of the bride's song in the evening time. &gt;&gt; An example of the bride's resolution. an example of your moment. &gt;&gt; An example of your magnum opus in the mi in amid an evil age. [Music] We must make a choice. Beautiful verse in verse 66 says, "The servant told Isaac all the things he had done." There's there's that moment where the servant goes off the scene. And he reports to the son, "This is what I've done. I brought the message. It's bringing forth the bride. My part's finished." Then Isaac takes Rebecca into the tent. &gt;&gt; And there is the union. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. Let's have this kind of resolve in our hearts that I want to follow Christ. And as much as it seems to be better for me just to follow him in my own personal way and I'm just going to follow my heart and my leading, you have to allow yourself to be vulnerable. You almost have to allow yourself to be misled in order to be led and say, "Lord, I can't lead myself. You said it is not in me to know the way. I need your spirit to lead me and guide me. And so Lord, if you have a servant, if you have a voice, if you have a means, Lord, I want to be like that unic. Speak to me. Show me. [Music] And let's have let's have Rebecca's resolve in this end time to follow God's servant. Follow God's leading. God sent us a servant in this hour. Whose voice are you following? Which one will lead you away from that voice? And why and to what? And it's of necessity sometimes that we have to stop and be asked, "Do I know what I'm following? Am I blindly following? Am I just following a decision my parents made or somebody else made?" &gt;&gt; And there comes a moment where they're like, "Well, I'm not so sure anymore." And you have to answer from your own mouth to follow the Lord. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, today we trust that we have honored your word. We trust that we have paid it. It's right. It's due emphasis. [Music] And Lord, if your word told us that every man should work out his salvation on his own without any help, any leadership of other men or voices or scriptures or teachings or pastors or teachers, if it was just so clear that every man should just lock himself up in his own cult and work it out and live it out and have his own ideals and ideas to which we would have maybe 8 billion different ways of salvation. If we could see that in the word, we could take comfort that I'm just going to hike my own hike. I'm just going to find my own way. I'm going to do what's pleasing to me and what makes me happy and just trust that we all get along. The Lord man has essentially tried that for thousands of years. And there's only one thing that brings peace to earth and that's Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; There's only one way that there can actually be uh harmony on earth and justice and that's through Jesus Christ. Even the ideals of this nation cannot be successful without Christians. The ideals of democracy and liberty and freedom do not exist where Christ is not welcome. Lord, here we are in an hour where the world is in chaos. It's dark. It's rejected you. There is no Christ in the world anymore. &gt;&gt; We find ourselves in a modern day Babylon. find ourselves in a modern city of Nahor, find ourselves in the darkness of Leodysia and you send your angel and you send a messenger and it's delivered a message to us and Lord that's our way out. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's our way out in this hour. &gt;&gt; And people can take issue with even those logistics. Try to build a system wherein you do it without man. But Lord, that's not the Bible. And Lord, I pray that we would not make the mistake of glory in man. That we would not make more of a servant than we ought to. But Lord, may we never disregard your servants and your prophets and your messengers and your ministers. For it is through them that you lead. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And Lord, I believe that we can follow this message and the Lord. &gt;&gt; That to truly follow it is to follow you. &gt;&gt; If we're following William Brandon but not following you, then we're not following the message. But truly Lord, if we are following his pointing, the end of his conversation, the word which he has brought, then we can be following him and the Lord just as they did in Macedonia, Aaya, and Thessalonica to follow Paul and the Lord. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. It's a terrible time. It's a difficult time. More than ever, people are looking to voices and influencers and leadership, people that have a say, people that have a take. And Lord, those are the things that are polarizing people. But may we not be polarized to those apollases and PS of society and in this world and democracy and politics. But Lord, may we be drawn to you through the finger that points to you. &gt;&gt; The testimony that this is the Lord. This is the Lord. This is the Lord. Not me. Not me. Not me, but the Lord. And may we follow that with all that is in us. &gt;&gt; We love you and ask that you help us, especially our young people. Lord, we're burdened for them. &gt;&gt; We want to see this church grow in the right ways. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, fill this church up with people who love the word, the hungry, the hurting, that are thirsty for truth, not just more church. I commit everyone to you now in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
