################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - Musings into Music - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   Musings into Music
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtW3_3VbafI
========================================

Description:
Musings into Music
Wednesday Service: July 2, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Psalms 119, read verse 133. Order my steps in thy word, and let not any iniquity have dominion over me. I'm sure you, most of you have heard this before. We sing a portion of it. Order my steps in thy word, and let not any iniquity have dominion over me. God bless you. You can take your seats. I'm going to give you my title and then uh jump into the thought maybe just giving backgrounding just a little bit uh from Wednesday night. Brother John, did I send a Okay, good. I was starting to think I missed it. But uh my title is musings into music. And so I got everybody's attention. This is perfect. But it's musings into music. I'm going just give you my thesis statement something at the outset kind of the way that it just formed in my heart and been forming is and kind of carrying on from where we were on Sunday. But this is about thoughts that we have in our mind and things that we uh we think about as we're looking at how we spend our time. But thoughts become an orderly uh even timely and in doing so it produces a pleasing rhythm and melody and something that in the product it's harmonious. It's something that is pleasing and satisfying. We looked at how that character is virtue in action. It's your convictions. It's your integrity when it acts. And as a man thinks and as a man is in his character, it determines his behavior. So, I'm just kind of using a little bit of a phrase musings into music to show some sort of process kind of moving from one thing into another. And that's uh and that I think that'll become a little bit more clear as we go forward tonight. Now Sunday we spoke on wasteland and we were looking at uncultivated or desolate soil or ground and in that I would say that the ground itself or the earth is something that's not necessarily barren in and of itself but there's an uncultivated promise. There's a missed potential. We could look at uh they they send uh spacecraft to Mars and they've gone to the moon and they're trying to find some life, some potential to sustain life and they say, "Well, those things are just a wasteland because there's no water, there's no oxygen." But I would say that the wasteland I'm thinking about is where there was potential. There was an opportunity, but it's missed. And we use the term to cultivate, prepare, or to even develop the quality of something or develop a skill. We used cultivate something that is cultivated as the opposite of a wasteland. I imagine no matter how much you cultivate Mars, you might not be able to get anything out of it. So the wasteland isn't necessarily uh the beginning and the end and there's no hope for it. But we who have opportunity, we who are earth oursel are we cultivating so that we're fulfilling God's promise for us. And one theme that I'm holding in my heart as I study these things as we introduced on Sunday is this context of time and what is being done in our time to refine to encourage or stimulate our spiritual hearts our minds and and our in our character and we were looking if I could put it this way if we exclusively use our time because some of the questions that come up is well is there any place for leisure can I do anything where I just let my mind uh shut down and I don't have to concentrate or think And I think there's a place for leisure. There's a place for getting away and resting. But if we exclusively use our time in a way that does not enrich our character, then it's it's utterly a waste. That there's there's no hope for us to really cultivate the right kind of attributes. You may become skilled in something, but if you are never using your time at any point to cultivate character, then there's going to be a you're wasteful about the opportunity. And we were reading in Ephesians chapter 5, redeeming the time because the days are evil. We used a little bit of a portion there that we'll revisit. And waste was at the center of Paul's thought when he's talking about how that we ought to live and how that we ought to grow. And redeeming the time was about using opportunity for growth and and and and to using our power to grow. And so I'm wanting to use the concept of time and timing as we mentioned Sunday and how that we are creatures of time. So we're subject to it so that and and how that we ought to master it, how that we ought to use our time. The statement just to end our summary on the great sin of most of the stories of popular culture. This is the professor from Bethl College in Minnesota. The great sin of most of the stories of popular culture in films, television, novels, and the like is not that they are violent or obscene or godless, but they waste our time. I think this is just so uh um important to think about that sometimes we think, well, I I want to have something that doesn't have the adultery in it. I want something that doesn't have the fornication or the the the the the language. and we try to filter out certain horror scenes and things. And well, it's not just that it's ungodly or wicked or obscene or violent, but sometimes it's just the fact that it's absolutely a waste of time. We might use the phrase veging out. And so it begs the question, is that what veggie tales is all about is veging out? But you could say even with Veggie Tales, you can find there's a moral purpose. I find that with adventures in Odyssey, there can be some really interesting narratives and stories and a lot of attitudes and things that are said and but there's they usually end it with a scripture and something where the narrator comes back on and it's going to teach you a principle and it's going to kind of buy that time. you just spent 30 minutes listening to a drama and different voices and now they're going to give you the spiritual principle and what I've noticed kids do is they just skip to the next episode and they don't bother with the part that would actually take what they heard and cultivate their mind by it. So the biggest sin or the greatest sin as this one uh you know concludes and I think it's up to you to whether or not you want to agree with this but I think it's good just to get us to think that the waste of our time is the greatest sin of a lot of the popular fiction and the stories film television novels and the like that we feed on. Now to my title tonight musings into music. So the term muse how many have ever heard that before muse. You've heard that before. I realize I didn't send the fonts but since muse and music uh both terms have the same Greek origin same Greek word is what it begins from and even the muse is the goddess of art and song and both of these words come from the root the Greek root to think and so there's this connection in uh these words muse and music you can see that they have some sort of structure together as you observe it they come from that Greek word muso uh and both of them together share this common root to think. So it has something to do with it's in the mind of a man. Uh ancient Greek poems were songs that were performed to musical accompaniment. They weren't just uh poetry, just words, but there's usually music included with it. So there was a blend of melody and rhythm and words. So to muse or to write poetry often assumed the uh the the use of music. So muse as a verb to muse it means to ponder to dream to loiter and therefore some have concluded and it's used kind of in this sense to waste time comes from actually in the French amuser was one in the 14th century a muser was one who just seemed to really just be stuck in the clouds and always thinking and and even the word has some origin in some languages to their nose being up in the air just lost in thought and so it means to loiter to ponder or to waste time kind of caught in your thoughts. Whereas music, and I'm just looking at this solely from our our dictionary sense, not necessarily the biblical sense, but the word music, the noun actually means the art of the muses. And if you look at the French, you look at the Latin, all of them are coming from this Greek word music. And and musica and music, they all speak of the same thing. It comes from that Greek word, the art of the muses. Now, this is where I'm just going to change it just a little bit or or get into the differences. Though musing and music uh share some common origin in history, there is a difference. There's a difference between one musing or music. Musing we could even find in the scripture. Musing is to reflect, to ponder, to meditate, to be absorbed in thought. In Psalms 4:4, that's that's right. I forgot. I wanted to take a poll. If it's just one verse, do you say Psalm or do you say Psalms? So, is it Psalms 4:4 or would you say Psalm 44? All right. How many in favor of the plural? Raise your hand. Psalms. Okay. How many in favor of the singular? Okay. Well, I'm going to try my best to add the s from now on. I noticed today I was like, hey, sometimes sometimes I do Psalm if it's one, but I was like, if I miss it, because some Bibles do it differently and other people do it differently, but we want to be unified. Right? We want to be all on the same page. And so from now on, if you don't add the S, you might be serpent seed. Psalms 4:4, it says, "Stand in awe and sin not. Commune with your own heart upon your bed and be still." And this phrase here, I'm sure some of you have heard it before. Commune with your own heart upon your bed. There's a lot that's said here in this picture, in this image, commune with your own heart upon your bed. Now, this is not advocating for sleeping in, but rather it's speaking of how finding time to meditate on your own actions that you ought to give serious consideration to your thought processes and how you respond to things and and your asking probing questions even of yourself. You commune with your own heart upon your bed. calmly consider those things in that silent time of the evening or in the night when you can be at leisure when business isn't being demanded upon you when there's things that aren't due. So it speaks of that quiet time when the busyiness of the day has passed and you're upon your bed. So the next thing may be sleep that you ought to take time to kind of be restful and when you have distance from all this distracting demands and busyness that you consider things in that solitude. And it says, "Be still. Compose your tumultuous mind." That there's a a quiet your chaotic thoughts. There's a quieting down. I know some have I or I've I've heard this phrase before and they say, "I can't turn my thoughts off. I can't I can't stop them. It's constantly thinking." Then what you do is you want to begin to compose those thoughts. You want to begin to be very deliberate about the thoughts coming in your head and and approach it to where I want I want to quiet myself down. I don't want to get myself ramped up. I want to quiet myself down. There's a lot of things that they suggest anymore. If you're going to get real good quality sleep, don't have your cell phone in the same room that you sleep in. That means none of you should be sleeping in here tonight. None of you. And so, don't sleep in the room with your devices and don't be on screens at least an hour before you go to bed. And just because you use blue blocker glasses probably isn't going to change anything. There's just a way where the mind is being stimulated and there's a certain way that you're uh uh uh engaging certain functions in the brain and there's it's all so that you can go to sleep. Well, here's a really good scriptural principle of meditating and communion in your heart before you go to bed and be still. Compose those thoughts. Quiet down the chaotic thoughts. Try to try to arrange them. May be quite an ask to do that. But in Psalm 63, Psalms 63:6 says, "When I remember thee upon my bed and meditate on thee in the night watches," meditate there could have been translated to muse. It means to devise, to imagine, plot, one of the uh even in the Hebrew it would it would have that meaning of kind of musing, to think about something. So, it even shows again that the evening is appropriate time to uh turn our reflection to the things of God that as the day winds down and you're not having to respond to emails and you're not having to respond to text messages and you've muted the family chat and everyone goes to bed and you're sitting there and you're getting ready to go to sleep or turn your thoughts towards bed. It says that's the time that then be very deliberate about turning your attention to the things of God. Look inside your own heart. What did I do today? Where did I go wrong? What's happened? what what what's the things that I can improve on tomorrow? You're communing within your own heart upon your bed and then you meditate not just upon your own things but on him in the night watches. So musing has and even in our own natural language this raw unbounded thought. It's all in your head and it even if it means a daydream or just deep reflection. And so as it's been the the one way to say is the historical side effect of saying to muse is that one could be lingering too long in their thoughts. And that's why you have that uh pjorative meaning or that negative meaning of to waste time. That you just get lost in your thoughts. It's not productive. And you say you're overthinking it. You think too much. You just need to stop thinking. And for someone who thinks too much, if you tell them they think too much, they're going to begin to think about how they think too much. Yes. Because that just saying, "Hey, just stop thinking." They're going to start thinking about how do you stop thinking? I really need to think about how to stop thinking. And there's a way that it's it's really not going to help just to put it in that way. But there so there is this kind of negative side of musing to where you're wasting your time. But yet we see here was commune with your heart. Meditate on the things of God. So in Psalms 2:1 says, "Why do the heathen rage and the people imagine a vain thing?" The rage here means a tumult, a commotion. uh even means to conspire and to plot. So there's some raging if there's a a a conspiracy or a plot even legally. In order for there to be conspiracy, a legal conspiracy, there has to be a meeting of the mind. So there's some thought process or intent here. But why do the heathen rage and why do people imagine a vain thing? That word their imagine imagine is translated to muse in the Hebrew. So why do the heathen rage and conspire and plot and there's such a tumult and and commotion and chaos? It's because they muse vanity. They're musing. They're indicting. They're thinking about. They're pondering vain empty things. In Psalms 38:12, they also that seek after my life lay snares for me. And they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things and imagine deceits all the day long. Imagine. It's musing. It's thinking about there's and and we see enough anymore in uh popular culture or popular fiction and through uh entertainment and media to we don't have to imagine. We just have to remember because there's so many images and so many things that can be done. Now we can take what's in our imagination if we could form the words we can ask uh uh AI to go ahead and produce the video or the image force with that's exactly what I was thinking about that. It right that right there with 12 fingers and all. And then in Proverbs chapter 24 verse 2, again this imagine is musing. And then here in Proverbs chapter 24 verse two, should it be proverb 24? No. Verse two. No. Okay. Then Psalms is plural. Or wait, they're all plural. That's where we're going to be. All right. They're all plural. It says, "For their heart studyth destruction." This is your again, this is your musing. Their heart studyth destruction and their lips talk of mischief. They ponder havoc. What they're musing is ruin and devastation. What they what's in their mind is eventually chaos. And it says, "And their lips talk mischief." Why? Because they're musing destruction. Because they're pondering and thinking about the wrong things. Their lips are going to speak the wrong things. And so this heart that studies destruction, this chaos, this havoc, this ruin, such as the wasteland of disorderly musing, this is the product or the waste from thoughts that are disjointed and h and just concordant and all over the place. But music on the other hand, music on the other hand is sound that's crafted in time where there's melody, there's harmony, there's rhythm in a in a very deliberate form. Music is itself the art of combining notes to make melody, harmony and rhythm. In the Latin, muska is the art of music. It would also include poetry. So the word itself is this art. Art, it's an art form. Music combines creativity, emotion, technique into an organized and a composed sonic experience. There's musings that might have some uh connection with music and there's thoughts and there's poetry and there's words, but we're talking about something that's orderly that that's organized. Music is organized sound that's meant to convey meaning or to evoke feeling. And and therefore, music in its pure form engages both the creator, the performer, and the listener, the audience. in 1 Corinthians chapter 14 7 and 8. Listen, everybody just needs to relax. I was kidding about the serpent seed. All right, I was just joking. I feel like I lost everybody in that moment. We can say Psalms, Psalm, Palm, Job, however you want to say it. Just know where you're getting it from. In 1 Corinthians chapter 14 7 and 8, I know that this is a scripture we use quite a bit. It's one I think that's familiar to us. But think about it in this context of this combination of things that produces it's a deliberate arrangement and even things without lifegiving sound whether pipe or harp. So he's specifically talking about musical instruments. Except they give a distinction in the sounds how shall it be know what is piped or harp? For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare prepare himself to battle? So music cannot be made without be there being a distinction in sounds but an agreement among those different sounds. Says how do we know if something gives a sound whether pipe or harp except they give a distinction uh in in their sounds. So there must be distinction. There must be differences but there has to be some sort of agreement to produce that melody and harmony. So it's not just all over the place and just a noise in order to know what to do. A trumpet given an uncertain sound does not prepare the one who hears it. So without the proper use of notes and distinction in tone, there's no music. He said it when making music, whether pipe or harp, except there be a distinction, except there be some difference, there's no music, there's no tune. It's just frenzy, just a noise. And I know the Bible says make a joyful noise. I've had some friends say that they're very happy it says noise because that's all they're able to do. But a joyful noise is a breaking forth of praise in the Bible. It's a breaking forth of praise. Psalms 98 verses 4-9. It's something that breaks forth, but it has a definite origin. And it has a specific purpose, an intended object. It's not just noise. It's not just laughing. What are you laughing about? Oh, nothing. But it's a it's a breaking forth. In Psalms 98:es 4-9, make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all the earth. Make a loud noise and rejoice and sing praise. Sing unto the Lord with the harp, with the harp and the voice of a psalm, with trumpets and the sound of a cornet. Make a joyful noise before the Lord the King. This is what uh this is a commandment to use the instruments to clap your hands, to raise your voice. Let there be a breaking forth of praise and singing a and psalms to the Lord. And then it equates it with nature. Let the sea roar and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein. Let the floods clap their hands. Let the hills be joyful together before the Lord. For he cometh to judge the earth with righteousness shall he judge the world and the people with equity. So there is a definite origin of the noise. There's a definite origin of the praise and the sound. In giving sound, there must be distinction. There must be harmony. There must be arrangement. And and it must be something that works together with the other sounds in order for it to form what we would call music. If you've ever heard a a child put their fingers on a piano keyboard and they bang around on it, those are chords, but it's not music. I mean, even with the weight and the and the and the way that they can play, you're like, "Ah, that that that's not music." But to them, they're going and it sounds neat to them. But we understand how there can be sounds, but not music, right? Music has a certain shape to it. It has an arrangement, an architecture that makes it different from just noise. In Genesis chapter 1, when the world was without form and void, and the spirit of the Lord began to move upon the face of the waters in verse two, it has a musical tone to it with form and void becoming ordered, orderly and arranged by God and light begins to shine and things begin to take shape and form maybe in a musical sense. It was chaotic. It was snapping and sounds and a roar and everything was just chaotic. But then as the spirit of the Lord begins to move, there's a quieting down and there's a harmony between the sounds and among the different voices. Recently we use this and maybe sometime last year in Acts chapter 2 when the Holy Spirit fell on the day of Pentecost in verse two of chapter 2, but in verse one it says, "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place." that with one accord that homothumadon in the Greek it means to be with this with one mind with one passion and the Greek word to rush along to be uh uh uh to be passionate uh in unity it's a unified passion it's almost a paradox if someone's very passionate and energetic it's energy that's uh synchronized they're they're working together a unified passion and even the word as you read in the lexicon creates a m musical image of a symphony though it has different notes notes played by different instruments. They harmonize and pitch and tone and they're all in the same meter. They're all on the same the same rhythm and it produces something beautiful that even when you could have that many people playing that many instruments and different instruments, even the same instruments playing different things, it's not noise despite their diversity, despite the notes and the tones and the parts. And if we look into the word of God, I know I'm going very quickly this evening, but if we look in the word of God, you'll see that the absence of music is indicative of a wasteland. There's uh it's wasted energy or that uncultivated potential. in Lamentations 5:es 12-16 if I guess I didn't really maybe I didn't mention this on Sunday or now but in the looking at timing one of the themes has been music to me from the message of the hour brother Brandham the way he addressed uh the time that we're living in right now he uses music to get us to understand what's taking place so that's where my inspiration is coming from in Lamentations 5 12-16 princes were hung by their hands elders were mistreated. The young men perform menial labor. Boys stagger from their labor. This does not seem right. This is this is uh this is not correct. The elders are gone from the city gate where they would have used their wisdom to exercise judgment and judge amongst the people. Uh the gate is now empty. It says, "And the young men have stopped playing their music." And this isn't, you know, get off my lawn, turn that music down kind of stuff. This is a something that would have been pleasing, something that would have been indicative of a thriving uh uh a flourishing life and a flourishing city. The elders are no longer judging in the gate. The young men have stopped playing their music. Our hearts no longer have any joy. Our dancing is turned to mourning. The crown has fallen from our head. Woe to us for we have sinned. This lamentation indicates that when there's sin and there's uh those that would judge and those that would have wisdom as it begins to pervade one thing that is lost is music stops playing. It's indicative of a wasteland. Jeremiah 7:34 then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah and from the streets of Jerusalem. So it's prophesied that this would happen. the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth. That voice means the sound or the noise of an instrument, the voice of mirth and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride. For the land shall be desolate. The Bible speaks of with one voice together they shall sing. The voice here would just be maybe shouting or murmuring or whispering, but it even includes this idea that there would be a musical note. There would be a mirthth, a voice of mirth, the sound of an instrument, the voice of gladness, the the music of gladness, the music of the bridegroom, the music of the bride. But in the absence of that, the land is going to be a wasteland. Amen. The very things prophesied here in Jeremiah and lamented about in Lamentations and there's a several other verses in Jeremiah that we could read almost in the exact way is exactly what happens to this the church Babylon in Revelations 18 verses 21 22 and 23. And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone and cast it into the sea, saying, "Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all. And the voice of harpers and musicians and the pipers and trumpeters shall be heard no more at any time, no more at all in thee." Now, we all know people with the last name Harper or we know Pipers and we know Trump's. I think there's something here. And the voice of the harpers and musicians and of pipers and trumpeters shall be heard no more at all in thee. And no craftsman or whatsoever craft he be shall be found anymore in thee. And the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee. Notice just that how synonymous it is with the the the absence of life in lamentations in Jeremiah. And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee. And the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all envy. For thy merchants were the great men of the earth. For by thy sorceries were all nations deceived. Judgment upon Babylon. And this complete complete judgment upon Babylon. In its desolation and its wickedness is described in the absence of harpers, musicians, pipers, and trumpeters. They're no more heard at all. Why? Because where there's no music, it's a wasteland. It's desolate. Now, in Ephesians chapter 5, let's read verses 14 to 19. Maybe not uh the whole thing there, but we just kind of cut it a little bit short. It says, "Wherefore he saith, now remember Sunday where we were on this, awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. Arise, shine, for thy light has come. gross darkness upon the people, but the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee and shall be seen in thee. There's going to be a light shining from you. Just as the candle is removed from the of Babylon, light is going to be shining in you. The light of God, let there be light, shines, and things begin to take shape in Genesis chapter 1. So, awake you that sleeps, arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. We saw in Isaiah how it did have a uh the timing uh uh to it and the music to it, the singing and the joy. See then that you walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, redeeming the time, because the days are evil. Wherefore being not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit. There's fruitfulness versus wastefulness. Then notice this. Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. speaking. That's to utter articulate words, articulate sounds to one another. So when it says speaking to yourselves, it's not talking to yourself. It's talking to one another. Speaking to one another in sounds that could be understood. That would just maybe we would think talking. But it's more than just talking to one another, but speak to yourselves in psalms. That word psalm, it comes from the word meaning to strike or twanging. And all the people from Kentucky said, "Amen. It speaks of a twanging kind of the striking of a chord of a musical instrument. It means to sing or to make melody. A striking a twanging. It gives that sense of a of a a note being played an acoustical tone. So sing in speak to yourselves in psalms. That's a striking the the the plane of a chord in hymns. That's sacred songs of praise. In spiritual songs. So you have psalms, you have hymns, but then you even have these songs that are inspired within you to give praise to God. We have psalms and we have hymns and then we have songs that are inspired within the heart. But these spiritual songs that give praise to God. So psalms which is psalmos and hymns and spiritual songs there is owed are external expressions of this praise to God. speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. It's not entertainment. It's expression. There's a way that music can be manipulated to where it's no longer being identified as a form of expression, but it's being it's being used as a form of entertainment. And we may think that we're merely just being entertained. But if you don't understand what's being expressed, you could be as John Trapper said that you're watering your soul with the heart of the writer. Singing ado, it's how which where we get the songs, the ode from singing. Then notice it says singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. So this singing is similar to the spiritual songs and making melody. It comes from the same word of the psalms in your heart. Now there's an internal song in your heart. There's an internal psalm. There's an internal uh hymn that takes place within your heart. So on one hand we have psalms and hymns and spiritual songs that we're speaking to one another a and that's being it's being expressed to one another. So it's the external praise. But before there can be a true non-hypocritical uh genuine external expression, he says then you must be singing and making melody in your heart. I said he says you must I'm trying to make that point that there's also this singing and making melody in your heart in order to have those psalms and those hymns in that plain speech which glorifies the Lord. It's that coalescing that fusing together of your musings. this mapping the architecture of your thoughts to the architecture of sound where time I'm using music a musical language but time becomes measured or there's a meter to it I have thoughts I have I have these things that are in my mind but now as I begin to think I begin to make melody I begin to sing my thoughts begin to kind of come together and then I take that architecture of my thoughts and I begin to use it on top of something that orders it something that shapes it, something that gives it a a meaning. So this time spent within my thoughts, this musing, this thinking, it it finds this, it becomes measured where there's a meter to it and the affections become melody and my thoughts begin to form something other than chaos. In Isaiah 51:3, think of how the absence of music indicated a wasteland. But now it says, "Certainly the Lord will console Zion. He will console all her ruins, that desolation, that wasteland. He will make her wilderness like Eden, the delight. It's going to be pleasurable again. Her arid rift valley like the garden of the Lord." And all the Phoenicians said, "Amen." It was looking very nonsoon out there today before church. But the wilderness will become like the garden of the Lord. this arid dry valley like the garden of the Lord. Happiness and joy will be restored to her. Thanksgiving and not the classic film but and the sound of music. Music will what will return and be restored with the Eden with the garden of the Lord with happiness and joy. There's thanksgiving. Thanksgiving is equated with this. Then there's going to be the sound of music. This is what happens when musings thoughts and God begins to make all things work together for good. When you begin to uh uh submit your thoughts to the Lord, you begin to probe and ask questions. And I think that there needs to be a very deliberate, we're taught this in the message of the hour, very deliberate, positive way of thinking that if the negative thought comes, you say, "Nope. Uh-uh. I'm going to reject it." Or turn around and make it positive. Right. In Proverbsap 15 28, you may recall where we read of the heathen how they their heart studyth destruction. It's the only other time this word here is translated this way. The heart of the righteous studyth to answer, but the mouth of the wicked porth out evil things. There are those whose hearts study destruction, and their lips talk of mischief. But now here's a heart of the righteous that studies to answer, not pour out mischief. To study, to answer. But the mouth of the wicked pourth out evil things. Studyth means to muse. The heart of the righteous muses, plots, meditates, devises, imagines. It uses the faculty of the mind. It's that power of thought, the ponderings. It studies to answer which means to respond, to speak, to shout, but it also means to sing and to utter tunefully. So even in the Hebrew language, if one is going to answer, it's not merely yes or no, true or false, A, B or C or all the above, but it's actually to respond or to sing in tune to utter in a way that responds to answer. Uh if somebody says I remember one time I asked a question are you hungry and the answer was they is they are and I'm like they is they are what kind of answers that are you hungry and so there's a way that the answer it actually responds back appropriately to answers to to sing to utter tunefully. The heart of the righteous muses and thinks in order to find harmony in order to answer tunefully. In Psalms 143:5, I remember the days of old. I meditated on all thy works. I muse on the work of thy hands. I don't know if anybody went searching already. He said, "Brother Aaron's using a Greek word again. Let's see if we can find in the Bible." There it is. I muse on the work of thy hands. Notice how that it is important to remember the days of old. It is important to meditate on the things that he has done. It is important to muse on the work of his hands. A lot of times there's people that say, "Well, that's in the past and you can't do this and you can't do that." There's a way that people try to disregard the things that have happened. But there is a healthy way to remember the days of old and to meditate on all the works of the Lord. He says, "I muse on the works of thy hands." As the righteous studies to be to sing tunefully, "I meditate and muse on the work of thy hands." We're encouraged over and over again in the scripture to meditate, to think, to use this faculty of thought to be very deliberate about what we begin to ponder. Psalms chapter 1:2, "But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law does he meditate, not just at night, but day and night." Amen. In Joshua 1:8, this is what good success is dependent upon. The book of the law shall not depart of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night. The secret to it remaining in your mouth is to first meditate in your heart. If you're not meditating therein day and night, then it's not going to be in your mouth that you that thou mayest observe. You must meditate, muse upon it day and night, that thou mayest observe to do all that is written therein. according to all that is written therein. For then shalt thou make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. It's cause and effect that this internal process of musing should produce an external product. And it does. Just as the wicked muse on mischief, they produce chaos. Just as they study wicked things and destruction, it produces uh the the evil. But now if you will meditate and muse upon the right kind of things, this internal process of what is in your mind will produce good success and it still has a musical note to it. In Psalm 77:6, I call to remembrance my song in the night. I commune with my own heart in my spirit made diligent search. Here again it is finding some solitude, some rest, some time of meditation, a time of prayer wherein you're making remembrance of your song. How has my what has my tone been like? What has my tune been like? What has been my rhythm, my beat? What what has been the sound that I've been producing? I commune with my own heart. I examine and probe my own thoughts. My spirit makes diligent search. In Psalms 105:2, sing unto him. Sing psalms unto him. Talk ye of his wonderful works. Again, that word talk ye there means muse. Think about, ponder, muse on his wonderful works. It's when you begin to muse on his works. When you begin to make diligent search, then you sing from the thought, from the thinking of his wonderful works, that's what provokes the singing. It's a very uh I would say a very simple formula if you want to get into the scripture. When they sang something happened, they could appreciate it and they burst forth into song. It wasn't s someone sitting down saying, "Man, I really want to write a banger. Man, I want it to have these bars. I want this to work and got a rap battle coming up. What rhymes with orange?" No, it's it's nothing like that. It's the spontaneous inspiration of seeing the hand of God, seeing something work, and then you begin to think about it. You begin to ponder it. As you begin to turn it over in your mind, how your day started, what it went through, where you are at the end, then it begins, it begins to compose. A day, I promise you, you try it tonight. A day that seemed to be an absolute waste, if you can go before the Lord and say, "Man, that service was nothing more than a muse." But begin to bring it before the Lord and begin to ponder, begin to probe. Lord, you work all things together for good. Lord, you promised you would sustain me. There's a way that all of a sudden you begin to recognize the notes and the harmonies and the rhythm and the way that God works. It says in Psalm 55:17, "Evening and morning and at noon will I pray." That word pray in the Hebrew is also akin, it could be translated to muse. Evening, morning and at noon will I pray and cry aloud and he shall hear my voice. That voice, the sound of an instrument. As I muse evening and morning and at noon, morning, noon, and night. As I muse and as I think, there comes a cry. There comes a sound of an instrument, and he will hear it. We're admonished in the New Testament the same. In Colossians chapter 3:es 1 and 2, if ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. If we have indeed been resurrected, if you have indeed been baptized by one spirit into the body of Christ, if you have been awakened, awake and rise, you that sleep, wake those and rise, those who've been dead in sins and trespasses, then we ought to seek those things which are above. So it says in verse two, "Set your affections, affection on things above, not on things on the earth." Amen. The affection is you're musing, you're thinking, you're pondering, you're imagining, you're devising, you're plotting. There has to be a deliberate setting. Remember how brother Brandham cautions us? Don't sit there and try to make your mind go blank. So, I'm going to I'm going to meditate. I'm going to light up that incense. I'm going to drop a few gummies. I'm going to sit cross-legged on the floor. I'm going to hold my hand. Just let my mind go blank. He says, "You'll get something." that that's not what we're talking we're not talking about a dumbing down chemically o of our endocrine system or our cortisol and all those different things. It's not it's not a way we're trying to chemically mellow out, but it's a deliberate setting of your thoughts. A deliberate setting of your thoughts on things above. Set your affections on things above. We read some of this on Sunday I believe in Philippians chapter 4:es 4 to 8 or 9 says rejoice in the Lord always and again I say rejoice. Does that not re does rejoicing not have some sort of maybe to us a musical connotation? We we think in terms of rejoicing to be maybe even a praise or song. Let your moderation be known unto all men. It's not so much in the limiting of things and the lack of excess, but rather you're you're yielding to be fruitful. The Lord is at hand. Be careful for nothing. Be anxious for nothing. Anxiety is that curse. That angst is a curse on uh the the youthful generation of today. It's the biggest curse upon them. And it's something we find everywhere. So much anxiety. But in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. There is a supplication. There is a thanksgiving. There are requests being made known. But notice how much the word and I could have spent much more time than I am tonight. And I realize I probably had more time to do it. But psalm after psalm after psalm, scripture after scripture after scripture that speaks of the meditations of one's heart leading to praise upon the lips. that if there can be uh that music is something that's composed and formed and something that comes together in time. It's something that is is not just done in an instant, but it's crafted in time where there may begin just a a slight sometimes it may just be a melody. It could be just a phrase, but as you begin to ponder, as you begin to think, as you begin to uh indict these things and turn them over in your mind, something begins to happen. A rhythm begins to come, a melody comes to it. And I'm using just music to offer to you the truth of the scripture that when one will do that, there's something that can pour out and come out as an expression of that. And it says, "Let your request be made known." Verse 7, "And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." So then this great conclusion. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think on these things. We all know that there's a negative thought process that just drains us. It weakens us. It seems to deaden our faith. There's a way that you begin to think. And I think all of us have written a really really bad song before where in our minds we thought about the wrong thing and the next thing you know we begin to get cold sweats. We begin to get anxious. And our body begins to physiologically respond to the way that we've thought about every single scenario that it's over. It's done. It's finished. But it says if there's going to be any strength, if there's going to be any song that comes forth from you, things you have to think about things true, honest, just, pure, lovely, good report. Paul is telling the Philippians to set your affections on things above. So, well, how can I do that every day of every moment? How can I do it? Pray all day. Pray all morning. Pray all evening. Pray at noon. Okay, let's just start with finding some time to take my mind and direct it towards the things of God. Amen. Psalms 119 verse 133. I really do feel that that tonight I'm sharing a a real strong principle that may form uh it's going to form the basis for going forward. As I'm looking at the subject of music, I text brother Micah today and I said, "Bro, I can't hold off any longer. I've got to talk about music." And I was wanting I was trying to delay it, trying to put it off. And I wish he could have been here to uh to hear it. He's somebody who's just so gifted in these things and understands these things like many of many many others you hear. But this as I get into this subject of music and there's so many different ways we can approach it. This scripture to me is musical. In Psalms 119 verse 133, you could already see there in my notations in the slide. Order my steps in thy word and let not any iniquity have dominion over me. as it speaks of not allowing any iniquity to control or to influence. He says, "Therefore, order my steps in thy word." How can a young man cleanse his way? By taking heed according to thy word. Psalms 119 has many, many, many musical notes, many different musing references, to think about, to ponder. Order my steps. Order means to compose, to arrange, or direct. Direct my steps. It means a stroke, a beat. time. So, it's not so much just saying, "Lord, tell me where to put my foot. Tell me where to put my foot." And ordering your steps as if it's a here's a pathway, here's the stairs, or you're just you're just set before a bunch of boxes and you got to jump and you don't know which one has a has a spike in it or it's not some it's not trying to just navigate where you take each step, but it's Lord, arrange and compose my beat, compose my time in your word. So the word of God is the main composition. The word of God is is the thing that that gives us the appropriate chords. It's the one that gives us the appropriate rhythm. Order my steps. Order my sounds. Order my striking, my twinging. Order the way that I resonate. Order the way that I sing. Order the way that I live in your word. Composed. Lord, I want to I want to walk according to your composition. So, we're asking God to direct our conduct such that he is a conductor and we are being conducted. Order my steps in thy word. I want I want to match I want to match where you're going. I want to I want to match what you're doing. I want to harmonize, fit in, and be arranged together with you. And just as in Jeremiah and Lamentations, it speaks of that wasteland where dancing is turned to mourning and the young men have stopped playing their music. And we see that the mark of Babylon is it stripped of the harpers and musicians and pipers and trumpeters. There's no more music at all in her. There's a different story for the redeemed, the elect in Jeremiah 33:es 6-11. Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them as at the first. And I will cleanse them from all iniquity. Order my steps in your word that iniquity would not have power and influence over me, would not direct me, would not influence me. The Lord compose me, arrange me, direct my stroke, my beat, my rhythm, my time, my melody, and I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me. And I will pardon, pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me. Remember, it was the sins of the people when they lamented that we have sinned and therefore music is no longer with us. Mirthth is gone. The sound of an instrument has been quieted. But now he says, "I'm going to cleanse. I'm going to cure. And it shall be to me a name of joy and praise and honor before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them. And they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it." Thus sayaith the Lord. Again there shall be heard in this place which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast even in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem that are desolate without man without inhabitant without beast and remember without joy without the sound of an instrument without music says the voice of joy and the voice of gladness and the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride and the voice of them that shall say this is the sounding of music. This is with one voice together singing, "Praise the Lord of hosts, for the Lord is good, for his mercy endureth forever. And to them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land as at the first, saith the Lord." On this wasteland of Leodysia that we're living in, God has promised a cure. He's promised health, an abundance of peace and truth. And there there is iniquity that wants to shape your melody. So many different influences trying to change your tone. We talk about attitudes, everything. There's a way that we could even look at that into a way to where we can say, well, there there there's a sound to that. There's a way that it it comes across even in the scales. you know, there's certain uh the minors and how and that'll that'll affect a different kind of melancholy, whereas there's there's other sounds that promote more praise or energy. There's a lot to explore just in the subject of music. But I want you to catch this turning, this changing from negative thinking, changing from discordant thoughts and things all over the place. And at the end of the day, your mind's just racing, whatever doom scrolling, whatever binging, whatever you've done, your mind is just all over the place. But then be say, Lord, order these thoughts. Help me to take inventories. It says, I'm going to probe my thoughts. I'm going to make diligent search. And you might find that there's things that you have to outright reject. Say, "No, that thought came and I'm rejecting it. I'm not going to let that roost." And you begin to look through and find a way to where God can begin to set in order your minds and your hearts because it's from that that music will come. If you go and listen to the sermon shalom that brotherham preached at the beginning of 1964, whether you listen to the one that he preached on I think Sunday the 12th, January the 12th, but then the one in Phoenix in the 19th, January 19th or both would just be fine where he deals with this subject, but he says at the it says in paragraph 144, he says, "Now creatures of time we are." That sounds poetic. Now creatures of time we are. Commit your ways to him and he will bring the future outright because we just see him as he is in the word. So as creatures of time there has to be a committal of our ways, our time, our thinking to him so that what comes out of it the future. There's not much that we can do about the past now but if we could commit our ways unto him he says your future will come out all right. And it's then that he begins to change and he and he spends a lot of time trying to understand the day and age that we're living in, the time that we're living in. And and this is John, if you want to put up the the Jeremiah 33 again. I can't I can't remember. I think I noted on there. Shalom. That's why I shalom brings symphony. The symphony of Christ and his bride. This health and cure, this peace, this is abundance of peace and truth. It's going to bring this symphony. And that's it's in this sermon where brother Brand begins to say this. He says that we just commit ourselves to him. He is the word. His word is just like a great symphony. And he makes this statement. If you don't understand the symphony, it's a big bunch of racket to you if you don't understand it. You've got to understand what it is. It's all done by signs and motions, but it acts out a drama in this symphony. We can look at our lives and we say, "This is just a racket. It's just a bunch of noise. It doesn't make any sense." But you've got to understand his symphony. And he puts it in the context of this word is God's sheep music. and that we need to know the mind of the composer and the spirit to direct us so that we can act out our part in this drama. To go just even from the musings about the message, the sympathizing with it, the things that we might hold in our minds, but come down to where God can begin to arrange it in such a way to where it compels us forward to fulfill his word. Let's stand tonight. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. There is a theme in the word that I hope that I've highlighted to some degree of how that there can be chaotic thoughts that produce a chaotic temperament, chaotic action. The Bible calls it a a wickedness, destruction or mischief. But then with the same mind, if we could make bring it subject to the word of God and we could ask God to to take our thoughts and direct them towards things that are pure and honest and true and good that what could have been chaotic, what could have been mischief, what could have produced just a wasteland in your minds, now all of a sudden something begins to take shape and meaning comes forth. And God could take something that is ugly and make it beautiful. Gracious heavenly father, tonight Lord, as we bow our heads and our hearts before you, we yield ourselves to you as instruments. That is our prayer. Lord, let me be an instrument. Lord, I've piped and I've harped of my own accord. I've sounded and I've let loose and I've shriveled and shrieked. I played the part of the the human French horn and all I produced was noise and foolishness. But Lord, I pray that I could begin to think more like you. That I could take my thoughts and direct them toward your word. That I could diligently seek out, search my heart, take inventory of my day, find that quiet time at night. And Lord, it may be that as soon as our head hits the pillow, our thoughts begin to race and there's questions that are asked and there's things that are remembered. So Lord, I pray that we could be in a more deliberate habit of quieting our thoughts in the evening time. Truly Lord, that's one of the designs of family devotion. It's one of the designs of family prayers. We take for a moment to direct our thoughts to you. And we take inventory not only of our own hearts, but we speak of your goodness. And Lord, may it be that when we do that, there just be that gentle melody that brings us the peace we need to get the sleep we desperately need. Lord, as we're bombarded on every side and as the devil's pressing in with the perversion of tone and the perversion of melody, may we find that true heartbeat and take these arrangements of our thoughts, this architecture of our human thoughts, Lord, and may it be matched together with the architecture of your music so that we can sing a song with our lives. Bless us tonight, I pray. Give us the strength we need for this journey as we commit it to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
