################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Artificial Resurrections - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   Artificial Resurrections
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgN44nelvEM
========================================

Description:
Artificial Resurrections
Sunday Service: April 20, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And it's it being an Easter Sunday, we just feel uh compelled to minister along the lines of the resurrection. And I find for myself that uh I enjoy visiting these themes uh at this time because there's so much that's represented in this, not just from uh historical standpoint and something that took place many, many years ago, but in light of what God's doing today, what I trust he's done in each one of your lives being resurrected from sin and death. Matthew chap 27 verse 57. When the evening was come, and so we realize that we're following the death of Jesus Christ on the cross. When the evening was come, there came a rich man of Arya named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus's disciple. He went to Pilate and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered. When Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth and laid it in his own new tomb which he had hewned out in the rock. And he rolled a great stone to the door of the supplr and departed. And there was Mary Magdalene and the other Mary sitting over against the supplr. There on that evening, he's buried behind a stone and laid in a tomb. If we could just pray again. Our heavenly father, as we look into your word, we're desiring that it be quickened to us that it would mean something more to us than just a story. Even seeing ourselves in this, Lord, wanting to see you better, your heart. So, help us with this subject matter, Lord, as you've dealt with me in a unique way, in a particular way along a theme that we've been covering for some time. I just pray that it would be uh beneficial, a great benefit spiritually and even practical for those that are gathered here today. We ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. My title is artificial resurrections. And in looking at this, I trust that you can just even begin to gather some themes from uh the title slide, but artificial resurrections. And I'm going to start just by giving kind of the the Oxford English dictionary definitions at the start. Kind of wet your appetite a little bit, maybe nudge you in the direction that we want to go. But artificial actually is a combination of two things. Art and and to make. So it's of or belonging to art. Art and to make together uh means artificial. And that means that it's even in that sense you can say well God didn't create it if it's artificial. But to be artificial is made by man, contrived by human skill, which art is related to skill and the skill in doing something. Uh to be artificial, it's made or uh put together by human labor. Uh one thing I came across I thought was interesting is there's an artificial day. And an artificial day is from sunrise to sunset. And you may think, well, how can that be artificial? Well, the day is 24 hours. We create a day and we have a day or daytime that we've created and it's called artificial day. So artificial means anything that's made as an imitation of something else or as a substitute for what is natural. We could say something fictitious or assumed or something that's not genuine. Artificial light, artificial teeth, which some of us may have also artificial flowers, artificial sweeteners, that may be the most important one in our lives. And those things are not real or genuine or natural. Uh but they are artificial. And resurrection, that's an easy one. Resurrection is the rising again of Christ after his death and burial. A resurrection is a rising from the dead. It means to rise again. A resurrection is to uh to lift oneselves. Even means to appear again, be restored. Uh resurrection in the English, it's like a resurgence. Something is re-energized. It's a reviving. So artificial resurrections, that's what we're looking at is not the genuine or true. We only doing this because if there's a bogus, we know that there's a real. But in Matthew chap 24 24 and this is where we'll start and we'll launch into this. For there shall arise false Christ and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect. These are lying Christ or as the word is used pseudorist. These are not real Christ, genuine Christ, actual Christ but they're an imitation or a substitute for Jesus Christ. There shall arise false Christ. That's an artificial Christ. One purporting to be or claiming to be Christ. And they use their signs and wonders as evidence that they are indeed the genuine Christ. Someone using signs and wonders is not doing it to proclaim to you that they are in fact a false Christ, but it's done as a way that is so deceitful that had God not barred the elect from being deceived, they could fall for it to themselves. So these false Christ and false prophets that it's those pseudo and they're very deceptive because they appear as something genuine but in fact they are artificial. In first John 4:1 it says beloved believe not every spirit but try the spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world. False prophets are already at work within the church. What are they preaching? They preaching a false gospel or a distorted gospel. As Paul puts it this way in 2 Corinthiansap 11:4, for if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, he says, "In another place, another gospel." He says, "Which is not another." There's only one gospel. There's only one way uh to the father. That's through Jesus Christ. But if one comes preaching another Jesus whom we have not preached, or if you receive another spirit which you have not received, or another gospel which you have not accepted, you might well bear with him. So there can be another Jesus, another spirit, another gospel and these would not be genuine or true gospels or spirits but artificial in the sense that they are an intim imitation of or a false representation for the genuine. And Paul is here writing that he's concerned that being beguiled away from the the singleness of Christ, the uniqueness of Christ, the simplicity of Christ, uh it by bearing with this another Jesus that has been defined or been preached, another spirit or gospel that has been presented. So he say don't entertain the artificial. I I'm I'm concerned that you might bear with him. Don't entertain artificial Christs. So we know then from scripture that there are false anointings that there are false Christ and there are false representations. Artificial is what the word I'm using in that. Then in Acts chapter 17:es 2 and 3 and in each one of these readings you can go back and read for just a little bit larger context and I believe it'll be helpful. And Paul as his manner was went in unto them. This is to the Jews uh here in this region. And the three Sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures opening and alleging that Christ must needs have suffered the Messiah because to them the Messiah was not one that was going to be sacrificial. They didn't believe that the Messiah would have to die, let alone uh you know come in the manner that he did. But that was a real stumbling block to them that Christ the Messiah must have suffered and risen again from the dead. So he could show them from scripture, not so much that Jesus was that one, but that the Messiah was to die, uh, suffer, and rise again, resurrect. And he says, "And that this Jesus whom I preach unto you is that Christ." So he could show from scripture that the Messiah was to come. He was to come as a sacrificial lamb. That he was to die and not just remain in a grave, but he would be resurrected. and that Jesus of Nazareth who had come and the one that he was preaching he is that Messiah. So there there is a genuine true Christ that genuine true Christ was resurrected on that third day. And so an artificial resurrection is a replication of the resurrection but not the fulfillment of the word. Something that purports to be this resurrected Christ but yet it doesn't line up with God's promise. Yeah. Now, if we'll pick up in our text where we were reading, we found where Joseph had begged the body of Jesus after after his death. Last year, we ministered on these very same scriptures. And we'll walk through it again, just bringing it out from a a little bit different detail. In Matthew chapter uh 27, and we'll start with verse 62, read to verse 66. Now the next day that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate, saying, "Sir, we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive, after 3 days I will rise again." Remarkable when you read this in in conjunction with Luke and some of the other stories at this time, the priest and Pharisees were more aware of what Jesus had prophesied than even his own disciples. uh because when they were told that the tomb was empty, they didn't believe it. But here the Pharisees and the priests are aware of this prophecy. So notice how they approach the word and this prophecy that this just see after 3 days I will rise again. Command therefore that the supplr be made sure until the third day lest his disciples come by night and steal him away and say unto the people he is risen from the dead. What forethought, what anticipation on their part that they they they are looking for the disciples to try to self-fulfill this prophecy. And if they want to steal him on the fourth day, they feel like they've got enough dirt on the on the resurrection to say, "Well, you know what? He said three days, four doesn't count." But he said, "Guard it till the third day so that the disciples cannot steal the body of Christ and claim that this deceivers's prophecy came to pass." And he says, "So the last error shall be worse than the first, that in doing this, if they are to create this inference or this appearance that there has indeed been a resurrection, it'll be worse than the ministry when it was alive." Pilate said to them, "You have a watch. Go your way. Make it as sure as you can." So they went and made the supplicer sure, sealing the stone and setting a watch. I would argue that these are the contrived efforts of men. that what they're trying to do is they're trying to stop the disciples from stealing the body and in stealing the body create what they would claim to be an artificial resurrection. So catch this. The scribes, the Pharisees, the priests and Pharisees here come to Pilate. Pilate seems to share the same concern that there would be an artificial resurrection in that the disciples instilling the body would create this self-fulfilling prophecy. Jesus had said in Luke 9:22, "The Son of Man must suffer many things and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes and be slain." He was pretty plain about it and be raised the third day. Now, isn't it remarkable that the priest did exactly as he said he would do in Luke 9? And maybe now they realize, well, we did exactly what he said we would do. the only way that we can cover ourselves to be sure he's not the body's not stolen to make it look like this is exactly what's come to pass. It's quite a quite quite a interesting uh flow of events and the very fact that Jesus prophesied the priest would kill him, but that he would be raised on the third day. And now the same priest that fulfilled that part of the prophecy are wanting to make sure there's no resurrection artificially. Matthew 12 38-4. Then certain of the scribes and the Pharisees answered, saying, "Master, we would see a sign from thee." This is what their appetite is always for, is that sign. But he answered and said to them, "An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall be no sign given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas or Jonah. For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. Now in looking at this I I want you to look at it in this standpoint. Christ is clearly prophesying that he would be resurrected on that third day. So they have already oriented themselves to this promise recognizing that just as in answering us he said and implied that he would be in the earth for three days and be resurrected. We having killed them. They're looking at this and say, or they're so worried about something happening that's fake or false. Listen to this. So worried about the false that they never consider the possibility of a genuine resurrection. They never stopped to say, "Whoa, wait a minute. These hands have killed them and put them in that very grave just like he said." and they're more worried about stopping something that they are afraid of causing problems than they are of the possibility of considering the fact that could he indeed raise on that third day. Wow. So they threw their efforts into stomping something that they considered to be or would be a fabrication, something false like, oh, if if they are able to steal the body, that's going to be worse than when his ministry was here on earth. In Acts 5 34-39, this is an the attitude of Galia as we've read of him before, you're familiar with him. Uh they're contending about the disciples and what they're doing and how they're going and creating quite a stir. It says, "There stood there one in the council a Pharisee named Galia, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space." He's saying, "Relax a little bit. Give them a give them a break." And he said to them, "Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what you intend to do as touching these men." So, here's some wisdom. He's saying, "Hold on. Pause. Don't don't keep uh pressing this issue." And notice what he points out to. For before these days rose up Theodus, this is one that rose up on the scene boasting himself to be somebody to whom a number of men about 400 joined themselves who was slain. And all as many as obeyed him were scattered and brought to not. After this man rose up, Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing and drew away much people after him. He also perished, and all even as many as obeyed him were dispersed. He's looking at this trend. Whenever there's something that raises up, a reviving, something that comes up, and if there's nothing to it, it eventually dissipates. Rose up Theodus, rose up Judas. He says, "Now I say unto you, refrain from these men and let them alone. For if this council or this work be of men, if it's artificial, it will come to not. But if it be of God, you cannot overthrow it." Amen. It's been a theme we've been using in the Exodus, looking at in the Exodus how it came all the way up to the borderline. They entered, they fought, and there was this group that settled on the wrong side of the promise. They too are overthrown in the wilderness. You cannot overthrow it less happily you be found even to fight against God. Galia looked at the examples in scripture, understood the wisdom of God or examples in history and recognized that if it's artificial, it'll come to nothing. But the genuine cannot be stopped. So if this is false, if this is fake, let it run its course. It'll eventually mutate into something else or just disappear. But the carnally-minded priests and Pharisees wanted to prevent what would be in their eyes a false resurrection. the efforts of the disciples to sneak to the tomb and steal the body of Christ away and in doing so create this inference that oh see just as he said he was killed by the priest and he rose on the third morning and Galia is saying well why fight why fight so hard against it if he said it would hap if if it's nothing if it's fake it'll come to nothing if it's real you don't want to be f found fighting against it in Matthew chap 28:es 2-7 Seven. This is after the tomb has been sealed. There's guard setting watch. On that resurrection morning, on that third day, according to the prophecy, and behold, there was a great earthquake. For the angel Lord, descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it. Now, we're looking at these elements of an angel sitting upon a stone. His countenance was like lightning, his raignment white as snow. And for fear of him, the keepers did shake. souls that were set at watch and became as dead men. They're paralyzed. They're unable to move. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not ye them having come to that supplicer that morning. For I know that ye seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here for he is risen as he said." Just as he said he is risen. Come see the place where the Lord lay. Now what happens is there's an earthquake. The stones rolled away. We see an image. No one is there visually witnessing. There's not a closed circuit TV camera in there where they're able to see this transformation in Christ raising from the dead, but they're able to see these different evidences of it. The stone is rolled away on its own or maybe by natural means of the earthquake. There's a supernatural angel standing there. He declares that Christ is risen just as he said he would raise and he is not in the tomb. Come look inside. See where he lay and go quickly and tell the disciples that he is risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth before you into Galilee. There shall you see him, lo, I have told you. We see that Christ appears. Even John and Peter run. And Peter runs all the way in and he sees the linen and he sees the coverings. He sees everything laying to the side. And he knows that Christ who was once shrouded in those things is no longer there. That the tomb is in fact empty. Regardless of whether you would believe this or not, if the at least the details being told of the stone is rolled away and there's no body in there, we could say all the efforts of the priests and Pharisees to stop the falls could not prevent the body from being missing. Even in everything they were trying to do to prevent stop the steel, right? It wasn't just the Republicans that came up with it. It was Pilate and all his buddies there in the New Testament. stop the steal. Don't let them steal the body of Christ from the grave. And no matter what they did or how you'd want to look at it, because there's some that still believe and claim that the disciples in fact did steal the body of Jesus. But all their efforts to stop the false could not prevent the real. Everything they tried to do to hinder what they thought was false was only an effort to stop something that was real. Right. And it being beyond natural and unable to be opposed by seals a and guards, the real happened. And here is the aftermath in verse 11. Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city and showed unto the chief priest all the things that were done. Here they're now telling the priest who told him, "Watch it. Don't let his body disappear. whatever you do, keep them there for at least until the fourth day so that nothing happens and makes this thing more cultish than it already is. So he tells them, well, we there was an earthquake, there was an angel, the stone rolled, the grave was the tomb was empty, we were paralyzed with fear, and they're telling them the story. And when they were assembled with the elders, now they get together and they want to discuss this and had taken counsel, they gave large money. It always causes me pause. large money unto the soldiers. Was it one of those giant placard checks? You know, you hand them gave them large money to the soldiers, saying, "Say ye, his disciples came by night, and stole him away while he slept." Now, there's this to me is remarkable. See the tomb, put guards, watch for three days to stop the disciples from stealing the body. And now that the grave is empty, they say they paid him money to say that the disciples stole them away while they slept. And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him. This is what this is this is how they work. I was even thinking how uh uh it said, "Oh, Paul, thou think it was a gripper said, you almost persuaded me to be a Christian." Persuasion is all that's available to the non-elect. But faith is if faith is available to the believer. So you that persuade him and we will secure you. We'll save you. If if this gets to him, we'll say, "No, no. This is what happened. They were sleeping. The disciples stole the body." And so they took the money and did as they were taught. And this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day. Jesus said he would die at the hands of the priest. The priest crucify him. The scribes, the Pharisees, they crucify him. and he's placed into a grave just as he said he would. In fear of Christ raising on the third day, they begin to they seal the tomb. They set a watch. They want to guard so that the body's not stolen. God intervenes over all these man-made efforts, resurrects the body on the third day. Now, in light of an empty tomb, they have to raise up a scarecrow to scare people away from the truth of the resurrection. This is an effort to obscure what really happened. Oh, yeah. We know that the the the grave was empty and there's all these stories going around, but the guards will tell you they fell asleep and while they were asleep, this disciples stole the body. This is at the heart of human nature and you can see in each one of these instances as it relates to the Pharisees and the the priest and even those that were at watch. It's human nature and I think all of us think this way whether you want to believe it or not. We want to produce a result without the actual process. I mean, how many of you, if you could just put your arms together and blink today and have an Easter dinner at home when you got there, would do it. You know, I didn't like the fact that I was scrging around for enough lump charcoal this morning to smoke a ham and realize that I didn't give myself enough time to go to the store and get some. And so now I'm just hoping it all works out. And so, yes, I believe it's human nature to want to have a result apart from a process. And so that you have it, if you have it without the actual process, it has to be artificial. It can't be real. God, even when he created the heavens and the earth, went through a process. And so it would be uh you produce something says, "Oh, look what I made." Well, you didn't actually make it. It looks like you made it. So it's a false impression or this false image. And the Pharisees and the priests assumed that the disciples would want to create the appearance of a resurrection. Feel like I've gotten your attention and you're you're all trying to figure out where in the world am I going and am I going to be able to see that very electric slide again from the beginning. But they wanted to create this appearance that he had been resurrected. Something artificial. Now I think about this and I especially want the young people to think about the tools that are available to them and we were talking about in one of our recent youth meetings on this final frontier and where this battle is now for young people today and I'll put it in this context. Brother Mikey, you can remember some of this. We fellowship on it that AI can create art, right? Absolutely. Create art. The things it could create. I wanted just to share some of the things I had created this past week. Thinking, "Wow, this is really neat. I could create myself into a bobblehead in just a matter of minutes." And my brother found out that if you want to get them made, you need to get a a minimum run of 5,000. And so I started a GoFundMe. Your Christmas gift could be me as a bobblehead. We just need to grow our church. 5,000. I got 5,000 of these to give away. And so AI can produce art, but it's not the same creative process of someone who paints art. Like Sister Newammy gave me a a work of art for my birthday. Now I could ask some engine to create the same picture but it's it's entirely different from that creative process of one making genuine art to create a novel to write a book to to make a painting an artist will make fundamental choices that are foreign and that would be fundamentally foreign to AI doesn't think the same way if I want to write a book I'm going to think very differently and produce a book that AI I may be able to replicate or get close to, but it's completely different. Brother Bradam says this in Abraham's covenant confirmed. Anything that's hybrid is polluted. Wow. And religion that's hybrid from this Bible into organization or denomination or church creeds is hybrid. A hybrid produces a more beautiful art, more beautiful product. What is what is AI? It's a hybrid. It's something that is able to even produce artificial results that make and mimic something very real. He says a hybrid produces more beautiful art. It produces a more beautiful product. So, a hybrid is able to create something or make something. We got corn, hybrid corn, some of the best corn we've ever had, but it's no good. You take that hybrid corn and plant it back. It can't reproduce itself again. So something that is artificial may look better, be prettier, be more practical, more beautiful, whatever it might be, but it lacks that reproductive power. It lacks life in itself to produce itself. And that's what the real or genuine will do. It has the life in it to replicate itself. We can use tools, and again, I'm wanting young people to think about this in the sense of the things that are available to us. And maybe I'm trying to say this to help out our teachers and our universities and our homeschool moms that these tools that we might want to use as shortcuts are not beneficial if it skips the process. The disciples were being accused of wanting to create artificially the appearance of a resurrection. You can use AI tools to achieve an optical an optical result that mimics or impersonates a process that's not the same as the real thing. So achieving so you can achieve results with AI and say well we get results don't we? We produced it. But one of the best analogies I've ever heard on this subject is to use these tools to merely produce a result is like, if I can say it this way, having a gym membership and going to the gym to lift weights and bringing a forklift and using the forklift to lift the weights and leaving and saying the weights got lifted. And that's what it's like if you cheat and use chat GPT and all these other engines to produce a result instead of doing the work. It's like bringing a forklift to the gym and saying that you lifted weights, but there's actually actually no gain or benefit. Guess if you could drive a forklift into a gym, that would be an accomplishment, but you're not fulfilling your objective in the membership to the gym and the act of lifting the weights. There's something lost just by accomplishing it from the means that it wasn't originally intended or what it was there for. So remember that even though you can use things to seemingly get the job done or get the results that if it's not part of the process that was originally envisioned in the activity or the endeavor or when it comes to schooling then you miss the gain or the benefit and it's actually to your detriment because it's artificial. Look what I wrote. Look what I did. No, you didn't do it. You use tools to do it. Tools that miss the point of the whole exercise. Amen. But it's human nature to want to do that. And there's a way that we take that human nature and we begin to apply it to things in the word of God, thinking that if we can just achieve the optics of it, then we've done it. Now it's the chiefs. Chief priest, the chiefs. Yeah. Where's Lucas? Yeah, it's chiefs. They're always the ones that are antichrist. The chief priests, the Pharisees, the scribes, the Sadducees, those that desired to have Christ killed were spinning this narrative around things. Jesus says in Matthew 16 5-12, this may seem to be an interesting connection, but to me it just dovetales so beautifully. And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread. And Jesus said, now again, you'll see it in the narrative here in the story. This is after Jesus was able to take very little uh loaves and fish and make more. He says, "Take heed. There's no bread in the in the boat. Take heed and beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees." Jesus is speaking on a different level. And they reason among themselves, saying, "Is it because we have taken no bread? How easily?" They begin to think carnally. And when Jesus perceived, he said to him, "Oh ye of little faith." So there's the missing element to catch what he's saying about the leaven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees. Oh ye of little faith. Why reason ye among yourselves because you have brought no bread? Do you not yet understand? Neither remember the five loaves of the 5000 and how many baskets you took up. Neither the seven loaves of the 4,000 and how many baskets you took up. Again, I'd like to point this out. It kind of is maybe an underlying theme to this. these signs and wonders and miracles. He's he's uh reprimanding them for a lack of faith because him actually demonstrating those things supernaturally didn't orient them to faith. They're still thinking about bread. And how is it that your faith has not been excited by these miracles and these signs? How come you're not thinking deeper now? How is it you're still remaining in this very stagnant, shallow level? How is it that you do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread on the natural level? The miracles ought to have awakened you beyond a natural thirst and a natural hunger. A desire to be fed or a desire to be healed, a desire to be excited should have awakened something deeper inside of you. How is it you do not understand that you should be aware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees, not about bread. He says, "Then understood they how he bade them not beware of the leavenven of bread, but of the doctrine, the teaching, the sayings." Amen. The the spin of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. Christ has warned his disciples of four time of the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees. Levan just in our natural is a substance that's added to dough to produce fermentation. We were doing that this morning. I say we and the royal we or me as my my wife and I being one uh making rolls for our Easter dinner that I cannot magically make appear. But 11 is a it's a means of rising something or something being raised something that raises. It's a means of lifting, levitation, right? That's the leavenvening. Some interesting uh science on it in terms of that the foaming forth and the artificial things you can use and ye using yeast and the different substances that could be used in its absence. But what's being presented here is this idea of something being added to And in doing so, it corrupts it through its influence. Think think about this in a very real practical way. The levan of the Pharisees, the levan of the Sadducees is this corrupting influence by exciting fermentation. You can they can excite fermentation, but they can't excite revelation. Revelation is the stimulation of joy to the true believer. Levan is what stimulates the makebeliever. And they get just as stimulated, get just as foamy, right? They get just as excited. It seems this seemingly invisible power that raises up the lump. Paul says in 1 Corinthians chapter 5 6 to8, "Your glory is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leavenventh the whole lump." This corrupting influence, he says, "Purge out therefore the old leaven that you may be a new lump as ye are unleavened." So this leavening influence will pervade through the whole thing. So he says you've got to get all the leavenan out in the Exodus. That's that mark of applying the token. Get all the leavenan out of the home. What leavenan does is it it inflates the lump to make it appear. And I guess it gives it other qualities that make bread. But it it's it's a it's an agent that causes it to lift and puff up beyond its original shape. in that proofing as they would call it. Know you not that a little leaven leavenvens the whole lump. Purge out the old leaven for Christ is our passover. He sacrificed for us. Therefore let us keep the feast of this Passover Christ not with old leaven. Neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness but with the unleaven unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. That true is that real authentic genuine. It's not pretending. It has the nature the life. It's all that encompasses it. It's of the unleavened bread of truth and sincerity, which means pure, authentic, real. It's for something to be sincere. There's nothing hidden or obscured. Sincere pottery would be that pottery which is not cracked at all that one has tried to cover over with some sort of cosmetic application. But you could examine something in the light, you could give it a thorough examination, realize this hasn't cracked. This hasn't uh uh broken in anywhere. It doesn't have any weaknesses to it. This is pure. This is complete. This is whole. Nothing added to or taken away. Let us keep the feast without lev that changes the bread. Galatians 5 7 8-9. We've covered this uh these readings quite a bit this year. You did run well, having started by faith. Are you now made perfect by the flesh? Who did hinder you that you should not obey the truth? This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you? He who has begun a good work in you will finish his work through the same means as he started it. Faith in his word. This persuasion comes not of him that calls you. A little leaven leavenventh the whole lump. Beware of the leavenven of the scribes and the Pharisees and the Sadducees and the priests because their little levan will levven the whole lump. This persuasion, this inducement to trust, this is a false confidence because you are persuaded but incorrectly. I believe this is right. I believe this is help. I believe this is going to do something for me. It's this persuasion is this being induced to have confidence. But this lack of obedience to the word of God demonstrates the unbelief. It demonstrates this wrong persuasion because you did run well. You're running well. You're rising well, but you're not obeying the truth. A little leaven leavenven the whole lump. I'm going to come back to the resurrection scriptures here in a moment or to this resurrection. Now consider but just continue to just think a little bit on what this leaven is. Luke 12:1 in the meantime when they were gathered there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people in so much that they troed upon one another he began to say to his disciples first of all beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees which is hypocrisy. So the leavenven of the Pharisees is hypocrisy. Now let's relate it to this artificial resurrection. The Pharisees levan was that they fabricated this reality that there's an empty tomb but now they inject this lie into the story that the disciples stole the body and it is self- serving. They were worried about the disciples performing self uh fulfilling prophecy, but they warned that the disciples would take the body. And now they could point to an empty grave as evidence that the disciples did it. I I I don't think it it's necessary for us to think very deeply, and this isn't complicated, but I could understand that if you're not paying attention, the the point of this is you're going to miss the point. They were afraid that the disciples would steal the body. Now that the grave is empty, they can explain why it is. and they can say, "See, we told you they would do it, and in fact, they did it." They could point to the empty grave as evidence that they were right. But in fact, it is a line. It's at this point that instead of embracing the resurrection, instead of stopping and recognizing, wow, this is something that we killed him just as he said he would, we were afraid that the disciples would steal the body. Nothing in the narrative, the very ones we were telling to steal, seal the tomb and be on watch, nothing in this tells us that the disciples did it. Instead of embracing the resurrection, they faked it by explaining the way it was their own self-fulfilling prophecy in opposition to the true fulfillment of God's word. Mark chapter 8 verses 11 to 15. That's the phariseical levan is inject their own narrative into it. Now let's be careful that we don't do that ourselves that we where we see something in the word of God and what we want to do is just add something into it that just changes it a little bit that fits kind of our narrative. We could do the same thing with the word of God on any level whether it be the message or clear scripture where it says well let me just inject well I know it says that but let me give you all this that and the other to try to change it in Mark 8 11 to15 and the Pharisees came forth and begin to question him seeking of him a sign from heaven tempting him and he sighed deeply in his spirit it's in this way that I feel most Christlike at times but he did it in his spirit I I still do it to project to the observer. And saith, why do this generation seek after a sign? Remember the the companion scripture this. It's evil. It's adulterous. It's wicked. It's it's carnal. Verily, I say unto you, there shall be no sign be given unto this generation. That's a different retelling here, a different uh expression. And he left them and entered into the ship again, departed to the other side. And notice how these things are connected because in the other telling the sign is going to be the resurrection. And they wanted this sign. They're sign seekers. This is what they need to keep their the charade going. And the disciples had forgotten to take bread. Neither had they in the ship with them any more than one loaf. And he charged them, saying, "Take heed. Beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees." Here's a new description. And the leavenven of Herod. And in each instance, it appears as if these are not just a common leavenan, but multiple levvens. Not just one yeast, but different ways, different forms, different chemicals, different ways of causing something to artificially rise. It's not just levan, period. But it's levaven of the Sadducees, legend, levaven of the Pharisees, levan of Herod. The Pharisees levan in the resurrection story was to inject the lie that the disciples stole the body. In the Pharisees 11, they will raise a false Christ. That's what they'll do. They'll raise a false Christ. But now, think of this. And I I'm wanting to go more quickly a and and maybe just keep our Easter morning service a little bit abbreviated. But now the Pharisees levan or excuse me, Herod's leaven, remember, Herod's the one that killed John the Baptist. So the leaven of Herod is to kill the voice pointing to the true Christ. saying, and if if you're cautious, I'm just using it in type. Pharisees will raise a false Christ, a false messiah. Herod silences the voice of the one pointing to the true Messiah. Remember how it's human nature to produce a result apart from the real process. So, Pharisees will resurrect a false Christ. They'll inject a lie. Oh, the the resurrection that was a that was stolen. as a body was stolen. Herod's leaven the silence the forerunner silence the voice that points to Christ. I want to want to transition just a little bit now to start making this a little bit more practical for us. how these Pharisees in the resurrection wanted to tell a wanted to use the empty tomb as a proof that they were right about the disciples stealing the body. How many of you are familiar? You don't have to be Danish to know this guy, but Hans Christian Anderson and all his fables he wrote one. It was originally written in Danish. So the title is translated to it's absolutely correct or it's the absolute truth or there is no uh doubt the I think the correct translation as I could find it is there is no doubt about it as it matches their saying. It's a short story satirical fairy tale about a hen. It's a it's to teach how the truth can be distorted. Anybody familiar with this one about the hen that loses the feather? And the hymn that loses the feather gives an explanation as to why they lost the feather. And in telling the story, it spreads and grows increasingly uh dramatic and with each retelling to where it becomes this scandalous story of five hens who died plucking out their feathers. Should I invite the musicians to come? Speaking of Easter and eggs and the phrase that this fairy tale of Hans Christian Anderson, a very interesting figure, I'm not calling him brother despite his name. One little feather may easily grow into five hens. The phrase that I heard many many years ago. I, you know, tried googling it. Couldn't find anybody else who' ever heard it apparently. But find a feather, build a chicken. All you have is the feather. And having the feather, you assume the chicken or you build something a story around it. You It's more to it. But all you have is the feather. And it says this is one little feather can easily grow into five hens. I hope this doesn't sound too much like a a shift here, but if you've been following me a little bit with some of the breadcrumbs I've been leaving, I want to tell you, don't settle for the feather. Don't settle for the feather. Don't settle for just an empty tomb. Don't settle for a bloody cross or nails. Don't settle for discarded linens. Don't settle for all the evidences. And all the emotions and all the feelings and all the signs and all the wonders. The sign of the resurrection points us to the resurrected one. The sign of the Holy Ghost points us to the Holy Ghost himself. And if I could say this in you in Job chapter 19 24- 27 and Job said all that my words would be written a and memorialized that they were graven with an iron pin and led in the rock forever for I know that my redeemer liveth. This is not a false resurrection. This is not a body stolen from a grave and in light of his own death and the frailty of his own flesh. He says, "And he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. And though my skin worms destroy this body, even if I am to enter into a grave and my body rot, yet in my flesh shall I see God, whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another, though my reigns be consumed within me." Amen. He will not see another Christ. He will not see or hear another gospel. He will not receive another spirit. But he will see Christ for himself. Not another. This is this is right down to where we're living today. I want to see Christ revealed himself to me today. Not something artificial, not something contrived by man. Not something denominationally made up or organizationally constructed or anything that resurrects as some sort of movement and revival or some resurgence. That is absolutely not God. I want the real thing. Amen. Amen. As the saying goes, I want altars over stages. I don't want it to be a show. I don't want it to be a performance. And he says, "Yet in my flesh shall I see God. See God in your flesh. Yet in my flesh I shall see God. Because I recognize by recognizing Christ and not another, I become a walking resurrection. Where I can be a living Christ, not a false one. I can be evidence of a true resurrection, not an artificial one. I can be the proof of it. Amen. You are proving his word that my life is not just a repetition or a repeat of only signs and wonders, but it is in fact Christ in me. This is not humanly contrived. This is not an artificial picture. I'm not trying to make myself look like a Christian. I have Christ inside of me. Therefore, I am a Christian. In the sermon, Spiritual Amnesia, I'm finding so much inspiration from my own children as they dig into the word of God and they share things from the message of the hour and they associate things that they relate to in school and things to back to the word of God. And this is the one that uh my son Elliot shared on Friday, I believe it was, or Thursday. That's what's the matter with the church today. Remember he said Christianity has become like little kids in school trying to copy off one another. It's what's the matter with church today. That's what's the matter we can't have revival today. That's what's the matter with the people today. They've been so drugg over coals of everything. All the moves, all the artificial resurrections. And you go from this theology to that theology. Just notice the circuit of it. how some of these movements that have operated within what we call the ranks of the message are those things where they go from one to another to another and it's just new coals humanly contrived go from one doctrine to the next even if they their their main language is anti- camps they build their own camp which has become I'm going to be against whatever the flavor of the month is if blueberry cobbler's the flavor of the month I'm anti- blueberry cobbler change the flavor the next month now I'm anti anti this and I'm anti that and they only become sounding boards for things that they don't agree with instead of the truth drug over the coals of everything and every ism that could c hat catch up till they don't know what is right and wrong she cannot remember her Lord she cannot remember his word she cannot remember the promises that's what's important that was just what's the matter with Israel when Jesus come on the scene when the Messiah came in that day this was their problem. They could not remember a virgin shall conceive. They could not remember Moses said, "The Lord your God shall raise up a prophet like unto me." What's missing? Bringing it back to the word. They had spiritual amnesia. That's exactly what the church today has. We said, "It shall come to pass in the last days," or he said, "It shall come to pass in the last days that these things would take place that we see taking place." And the church sits just as dead as 12:00. Yeah. spiritual amnesia. All right, here we go. We're going to be wrapping this up here in just a moment. It's all going to just tie together and we're going to be done and like I missed Easter. He says, "We call ourselves Pentecost and cannot identify and cannot identify oursel in the word when it's preached in the power of the resurrection of Christ." He's not saying that we can't recognize the power of the resurrection. We can't identify the word and we can't identify ourselves in the word when it's preached in the power of the resurrection of Christ and him here among us performing it and doing exactly what he said it would do. Those are some key phrases here for you to think of. The word preached in the power of the resurrection of Christ, Jesus Christ himself amongst us performing it. Amen. According to his word, then watch out. Our denominational system has got us into spiritual amnesia. We are suffering. We don't know where we belong. One takes his papers from this church to the other church and this church and this ism and that ism. I want you to look at it in this this context. I'm going to use these words and put it In this context, I'm not going to try to force something that isn't here, but he says, "We call ourselves Pentecostal, but we can't identify ourselves. We can't identify the word when it's preached in the power of the resurrection of Christ, Jesus Christ among us performing miracles." If you take in a broader way the things that he's preaching, especially in the summer of 64, Pentecost was settling for the performance in not recognizing Christ in his word. Amen. Instead of embracing the resurrection, it gets turned into performative art. Where instead of recognizing Christ was there performing his word, they all want to have the same performance. They witness a one-man show and they want to be a one-man show. Brother Bam talks about blocking for the man that has the ball. They all wanted to reproduce it, copy it, rep replicate it. So instead of embracing the Christ that was present, they want to turn the presence of Christ into a performance, therefore making it artificial, producing impersonations and resurrection signs instead of demonstrating Christ's word for the day and age that we're living in. In Matthew chapter 24 verses 23- 28, just have a couple more scriptures to read. just this one. And then Psalm 119. Matthew chapter 24. Then if any man say shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ. I'm I'm winding this down here. This and then I'll read from John 11 here. Here's the the artificial Christ and the artificial signs of a resurrection. Artificial resurrections. There's only one true genuine raising. Anything else is false. Then if any man shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ, or there believe it not. So here's Christ. There's Christ. This is where Christ is. For there shall arise, there shall be a resurrection of false resurrections, artificial resurrections. Arise false Christ and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Behold, I've told you before. So he's repeating himself. Wherefore, if they shall say unto you, Behold, he's in the desert. That word there's wilderness. Go not forth. Behold, he's in the secret chambers, believe it not. For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even under the west, so shall also the coming. In Luke 17, it's the revealing. They're one and the same. Revealing the coming of the Son of Man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. We can leave verses 27 and 28 for you to ponder more deeply, but I want to just try to summarize this. They're saying here's a Christ and somebody else is saying there's a Christ. It's not one person say there's a Christ. There's a Christ. Here's a Christ. There's a Christ. Christ. No, he's saying here's one saying this is Christ. Another one saying this is Christ. He says don't believe it. When one says he's in the desert, that's the wilderness, wrong side of Jordan. He's in the wilderness. He says, "Don't believe it. He's in the secret chambers." In other words, it's not yet the time of his coming. It's not the season yet. Has he's still in heaven whom the heavens must receive until the time. This is still blocked up. Shut up. It's not the time in his secret chambers is to to say that the bridegroom is still hidden and he he hasn't come forth for that time for that union. The Christ here and the Christ there. The Christ in the desert are pointing to the false messiahs in the wilderness. Or to a Christ that's still yet hidden in heaven. A Christ that is only we're only seeing the signs and the evidence here of Christ. But Christ himself is not performing it. It's not Christ himself here. I I don't think this is out of reach and I but I and it's it's very very simple and I hope that you're catching it. We should not be settling for something that's artificial when what's been made available to you is the real thing. We don't need to pretend to be born again. You can be born again. We don't have to pretend that we have faith. You can have faith. Don't turn the message into performative art that has showing times. Right? We got to wait for the meetings. We got to wait for the Saturday night. We got to wait for a special time. No, Christ himself is here revealing himself through his word. And that is available to you as an intimate personal experience. The genuine proving his word. Brother Brandham, we read it last Sunday. There's got to be a place prepared for the word to be made manifest. And we're now living by the evidence of the new land, the son of man. Amen. Look how look at it however you want, but there's a land that's been opened up to us. A whole new field where the word of God is being made manifest. Not down in Egypt, not in denominations or in the world, not in the wilderness in denominations or church ages, but in this bride age where he is God's only provided place of worship. Amen. An entrance been ministered unto us in into his word of God, restored back out of all the isms and all the unbelief. There's a place for the word to be made manifest. Amen. He says, "We're living by the evidence of that land, the son of man." Not evidence in the sense that that the spies brought back, but the evidence we're in it. This is the time and the season where he's revealing himself. In John chapter 11, brothers, we'll invite you to your instruments. This would this should be my closing scripture here. Then when Jesus came and this is at after he heard his friend Lazarus was dead. He found that he had been laying in the grave four days already. Now Bethany was n under Jerusalem about 15 furlongs off and many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning their brother. Then Martha as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming went and met him. This is important. Must recognize ourselves. Lazarus even representing the the the dead that believed who will raise again. We are the living that are gathered to Christ. Once again the master is come and call it for thee. This is where we can see ourselves in the pattern of scripture. It says but Mary sat still in the house. Then Martha said unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died. But I know that even now whatsoever thou will ask of God, God will give it thee. And Jesus saith unto her, "Thy brother shall rise again. Your brother will resurrect. He will rise from the dead." That's what resurrection is. To be brought back from death into life. Martha said to him, "I know, this is confidence, that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day." And Jesus said unto her, "I am the resurrection and the life." There's only one resurrection. Amen. Anything else is an artificial one. That's right. That's why I just didn't merely call it artificial resurrection, but artificial resurrections. There's only one true Christ. I am the resurrection and the life. I am the way, the truth, the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. There's the resurrection that Mary was looking, excuse me, Martha was looking for. And then he says, "And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?" Amen. The resurrection. He is the resurrection. She saith unto him, "Yay, Lord, I believe that thou art the Christ, the son of the living God, which should come into the world." There's many voices in the land that deny that Christ has come in the flesh. But do you believe? He says, "Believest thou this?" Do you believe in the Christ who is to come? Do you believe as Job said, "In my flesh, I will see God." Time we're living in in these days day and age, I felt like this story just such a perfect context for all the voices, all the leaven, all the ideas, all the adding to and taking away. And we can just bring it back to this truth. Now, you want to argue that this one singular truth is this Christ or that Christ, you better know for yourself, who he is, and that he's here present with you to see you all the way through to the end. And all these artificial resurrections that are out there, you say, "Well, brother Aaron, you're sure spending a lot of time on on the false." Well, I haven't quite quantified just how much we've done it, but I believe that I have a duty to block your mind so far from the false. The bogus only declares the real. The more familiar we become with the real, the better equipped we are to identify the false. But don't get it in your minds that we're all just one big happy family. And the devil's not trying to soil and pervert and sew the leaven to try to get your understanding just a little offkilter to cause you to see things in a way that they don't actually exist. So Lord, I want to keep this feast pure. I want to keep out the leaven. The hypocr hypocrisy of the Pharisees to say knowingly say that well I know he said that we would kill him and after 3 days he would raise having killed him let's make sure the body doesn't go missing after 3 days. And when it happens to their own understanding in a way that's supernatural and the disciples themselves did not carry it out, even their actions afterwards demonstrated they had no idea. They did not in fact steal the body. Their fear, even their lack of awareness as opposed to the Pharisees who knew the prophecy of three days, the Pharisees just invent a lie around the empty tomb. And now the lies evolved because it's not going to be that the disciples stole the body, but it's 11 that wants to change the truth of the resurrection. Change the reality of Christ. Change the reality of what go what God wants to mean to you. And I hope today we can just learn more to pull away from the AI, right? And all these tools that we can use that shortcircuit the process and Lord, I'm fully invested in your process. Make me into your image. Let's stand today. Let's bow our heads. Coming back. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we consider it a great privilege to have been gathered together with so many believers today on this Easter Sunday as we recognize every Sunday the resurrection. Today special day. It's a day of pastels. It's a day of fancy lunches. It's a day of nice clothes and look out and see so many maybe wearing coats and ties that normally wouldn't. That's a that's a real awesome part of this day. I love it, Lord. even the things it means in terms of springtime and things blooming and and Lord, we may have a a downside to it in terms of the pollen for allergies and the heat that's soon coming once we recognize it's spring. But if we can look into the word and the spiritual side of things, Lord, what hope, what great beauty, what joy, what reviving, a resurrection. Lord, there's many voices in the land saying, "Lo, Christ is still he's still in Leodysia. He's still working in these ways and doing these things and trying to bring people back to a glare of another age." Lord, there's voices yet to say, "No, Lord, Christ is here and Lord, Christ is there." Man, there's so many voices. We're not sure where to stand anymore. Lord, I could I I could even try to be so forceful to say that this is the address where Christ is right here. This zip code, this address right here, this very [Music] spot. And even if it were just hypothetically true, Lord, it wouldn't mean anything until the individual could find you for themselves. Lord, I take great comfort in knowing that you reveal yourself to individuals and that we as a church and church family and as believers, we don't need all these contrived efforts to try to make everybody look like the model message believer. Get everybody doing the same thing at the same time and everybody push and play at the same time around the world and everybody doing this and everybody doing that. Lord, we don't need all these efforts. What people need is you. And if they find you, I just say, Lord, you just have your way. May they yield themselves to you. May they obey you. If you're to lead them to do this, Lord, do it because you'll do it according to your word. If you're to cause them to look like that, Lord, you'll do it according to your word. Lord, we're at rest knowing that you will prove yourself in your believer. Amen. And this is individual in this day and hour that we're living in. There are a lot of pseudo Christrist, a lot of false prophets, a lot of artificial resurrections. In other words, a narrative of what Christ is doing today. But what's most important is what are you doing in me right now according to your word. I want to grow, Lord. I want to grow in your word. I want to grow in humility. I want to grow in my attitude towards others. I don't want to be so easily influenced by the flavor of the month. Help me, Lord. Stay true to your word. And bless your people on this resurrection Sunday. May they enjoy their time with family. Watch out over us in the week. A lot of different travel plans for some still fighting with sickness. Bless the plet family, Lord, with car trouble. The rest of the family not able to make it down. Different ones that may be sick and traveling. Brother Alfonso with a busted water mane. Lord, his property he's having to fix. Just a lot of different needs we have in our midst. But Lord, we trust you for all things. The night guards at home not feeling well. Bless brother Jeff and Sister Chris for all they give out. Lord, I could just see why they'd be so wor down to catch a cold, but bless them. heal them. For all who are present today, be our comfort. Our lives this year may not have looked like we wanted them to. Our testimony of months past may not look like we've wanted it to. Our relationships and circumstances of our lives may gone a certain way to where we doubted and we wrestled with what you wanted us to be. And maybe for a moment we had spiritual amnesia. But Lord, we just want to come back to you today, trust you, believe in you, ask for forgiveness for our sins, have another checkup today to say, "Lord, I'm going to keep following you all the way. I just want to stay in your word, Lord. Help me to overcome my weaknesses. Help me to grow one day at a time. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
