################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - Relevant - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   Relevant
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbCvJAEu5Bk
========================================

Description:
Relevant
Wednesday Service: June 4, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Exodus 3:es 10-17. Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt. And Moses said unto God, Who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring the children of Israel, out of Egypt? And he said, Certainly, I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee, when thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt. Ye shall serve God upon this mountain. And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, the God of your fathers hath sent me unto you, and they shall say to me, what is his name? What shall I say unto them? And God said unto Moses, I am that I am. And he said, Thou shalt thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I am have sent me unto you. And God said, moreover unto Moses, thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you, this is my name forever, and this is my memorial unto all generations. Go and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in Egypt. Amen. and you can take your seats. Title tonight is relevant and kind of been forecasting that over the last few services. Uh relevant is the title and we've been looking at how uh real relatable and relevant and how that a witness and the witness the testimony of that witness must be real. Uh it's a reality to that one and in being a reality to that one has been made uh a reality too. Therefore, it could be made a reality by us. If it's something we know, then it's something that we can convey. It's something that we could express. As we were dealing with something being relatable, we were talking about something that was capable of being relayed or declared or expressed, uh something that you could sympathize with or identify with. And relatability, what we focused on is how it's even the art of connecting with others on a personal level where you relate to them and then they can relate to you. And one of our desires should be as a Christian is that we would be able to be relatable or understood by other people. And we could also relate to other people ourselves. Not just that we can be accepted and belong to a lot of nice clubs and be invited to a lot of cool parties, but that the gospel can be related to by others. That the Christ that we've come to know in a real way could be expressed and revealed to others in a very real way. So, we've been looking at real relatable. We've just been spending one service on each one of those and tonight relevant and just a lot of things that we could pack into this particular portion. I want to go about it in a very easy way just by reading a lot of scriptures just to kind of gather some details. But just bear with me as I want to define uh relevant. And then one other word that to me is connected with it. To be relevant, it's directly connected with or important to the matter at hand. And we all can begin to think about this. Sometimes something is brought up and we're like that's not even relevant. Has nothing to do with the issue or that which is being spoken of or that which is at hand. So it's directly connected with or important to the matter at hand or it has another way of saying it's significant bearing upon something that's being discussed or something that's happening. So if something is relevant then it's going to add value or give some clarity to an issue. It's going to add to a discussion. It's going to be something that kind of gives value to some analysis. And so, as I was looking at this, it has to do with something that's significant or applicable. So, if something's relevant, it's significant. It has uh an impact. It adds value. Or we could say that it is uh in that way it is applicable. So, something useful in a particular situation, something important. Actually, if you could just maybe let this lodge in your mind. I didn't know how much I wanted to go through this particular part but to the word relevant actually comes from the Latin origin the root word is to lift up to lighten or to relieve that interesting we say something is uh relevant then it has something to do with to lift up or to lighten to unbburden or to relieve and I say that's probably the real thrust or the emphasis of our witness is that we would want to give people hope for relief from their sins that they would know that they could become unburdened of their sins and then also all the other burdens that we get loaded on us. And so there's a lot in the Bible about empathizing with someone else's suffering, relieving someone of their burden uh and serving. So this to be relevant, it actually speaks to being adding value, being something that's applicable or significant. It's to lighten or to relieve. Now, the other word that I was thinking of, and it could uh could have probably had four Rs instead of just three. I don't even know how to trail two Rs, let alone four. uh but real relevant uh relatable relevant it could have also been uh relative and this one is unique but I think it has something to do with relevance because if something isn't relative it may lack relevance but to be relative it's understood or evaluated in relation to something else or another thing I say well it's uh someone says it's is it hot and you say well it's a dry heat and so it's all relative or it's this it's that and so it's the quality value or measurement on that depends upon a particular condition or frame of reference that it doesn't really have uh you have to look at it within the context of something else. It's relative to something else. So it implies relationship. It implies in some ways a dependence upon some other factor. Uh context is a word that kept coming to me over and over again. So there's some connection or comparison or relationship when something is relative or using this term relative. It actually comes from uh the Latin word of the origin having reference or relation. It's why we call our cousins or our brothers if we dare to a relative is because it's someone that's in relation to you. It has some reference point to you. So both of these words, each one is looking at context and relationship. If it's relevant, it adds something to the issue, the the the moment uh the the the matter that's being discussed. And then also if it's relative itself, it's got to be relative. How does it exist within the context? is have some sort of relationship to these other things. Now, what I'm talking about is being a witness and the impact that our lives have on others and how that we are to be a voice. We're to be uh billboards for God. Now, if you look at Exodus chapter 3, I want to examine how God uses witnesses here in particular a prophet Moses at a time of deliverance and how that he's going to use a particular vessel. says in verse 10 that he's going to send him I'm going to send you unto Pharaoh that you're to bring him out. And so we're going to read several scriptures. Some of them are lengthy, but I just want us to catch some uh small but I would say important details on what that we can glean from to know our role as a witness and now that we want to be uh we want to be able to not just be relatable but relevant with our testimony. So let's just start with verse 13. in Exodus 3:es 13-16. And Moses said unto God, behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, the God of your fathers hath sent me unto you, they shall say to me, what is his name? They want to identify with him. They want to begin to understand who is he? What's his name? Let we want to know more about him. What shall I say unto them? And God said unto Moses, I am that I am. And he said, thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you. And God said, moreover unto Moses, of this, notice his language he that he repeats. Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob hath sent me unto you. So now Moses is going to say, this is the one, the God of your fathers has sent me to you. This is my name forever, and this is my memorial unto you, unto all generations. Go and gather the elders of Israel together and say unto them, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you and saying that which is done to you in Egypt. It's very just very simple. What's uh what's being expressed here in this language is God is connecting himself to their forefathers. He is the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. So there's some relationship that he has to their forefathers. And in doing so, he's giving them not just there's some relationship here and he's also giving them context that this is a promise that was made to your fathers. And God sends Moses. Now, this is so very very simple that I'm I'm afraid that maybe some of you might be disappointed, but it's very simple that God uses Moses because he has a relationship to Israel. Uh God didn't just send in an outsider and a magi shows up on a camel and he starts giving out gifts and he says, "Now follow me back to the promised land." But God sends Moses because he has a relationship to Israel as an Israelite. And he also has a relationship to Pharaoh. He has some familiarity with Egypt. There's some connection there. And so God is using somebody. He's using a relatable person uh to come and speak to Israel. He's using somebody that could relate even to the affairs of Egypt that could come and speak to Pharaoh. And God is doing it. This to me is a key. God's using someone that the people could relate to to bring the people into fellowship with himself, not remain in between. And and that may be one of the dangers sometimes if we can't get ourselves out of a way as a witness or we can't get the messenger out of the way of Christ and we get drawn more to the man of things instead of getting to Christ himself. So God doesn't send a prophet, a witness or a messenger so that that one would always remain in between us, but so that someone who could help us to know the one that sent them uh could bring us into relationship with God. Now in Deuteronomy 18:15, so very simple there, we're going to move on from it. What's being expressed here is that Moses was an Israelite. God's going to use one of an Israelite who uh to come and say, "I have been sent by not just a deity, but the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob." Its context, its relationship gives them some more something broader to see than just some man claiming to be a Messiah or a messenger. In Deuteronomy 18:15, and this is very important scriptures. It's prophecy of Jesus Christ. that says the Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee. So he's going to come from you from your people of thy brethren. That means he's going to be the word means a relative somebody that could relate to them. Somebody who has some connection to them and he says like unto me as Moses was from Israel. He was a child of a Hebrew and he identified with the nation of the Israelites a prophet raised up to bring them out. He says, "God is going to send you another deliverer, another Messiah, and he's going to be of your brethren. He's going to be a Jew. He's going to be a gentile, a an Israelite, and he says, "Unto him you shall hearken." So there's this connection now, not just a Messiah coming, but he's going to be like you. He's going to come from among you. John 1 11 says, "He came unto his own, and his own received him not." Who are the own? The own was his own country, his own city, his own family, his own temple, to the land that uh he that was his own land, to this peculiar people that the the land belonged to. He came to his own nation. He came to his own his own citizens, his own brethren. So that's who he was sent to. Why? He's from that town. He's from that city. He's from He's from this land. He's from that nation. He has that uh connection through Joseph and Mary to the very throne royally, legally, and royally. He has that right uh in his genealogy though we know he came from God. God does this so that there can be some relatability to Christ. So he came to his own and his own received him not. He came to his own family his own brothers. He was he was am of them. Somebody that they could look at and say well it's not just it's this isn't some wild foreigner coming in here telling us what to do. This is this is someone who's raised. We know who Joseph is. We know where he comes from. He's circumcised on the eighth day. This is one of us. And it says in Luke 2:32, speaking of Christ, he says, "A light to lighten the Gentiles." We know that he was sent as a light to Israel. But the Bible says he's a light to lighten the Gentiles and the glory of thy people Israel. So he's the glory of the people of Israel, but he's also to be a light to lighten. Now to lighten is to give revelation, but it also to me had some connection with the Latin word to lighten. It's going to be relevant to the Gentiles, can have an impact on these Gentiles. Now, this is where just taking these very simple principles of uh God showing some connection to the people he's coming to some relationship, giving them some some context so they can know what what's happening. Just watch how he does this, how this light to the Gentiles is going to come. and think of the book of Acts. And we're going to read a number of scriptures on how this gospel begins to unfold. You might be trying to anticipate where I'm going. Maybe only brother John knows just exactly where I'm going. I didn't print notes out for Jack, so he doesn't even know. Uh but there's it's just very simple and I just want to look at how God you see how God used Moses. We could think about Christ, but I want to really focus on Paul and some of these aspects in the New Testament. So Acts 13 46 to 49. It says, "Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold and said it was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you." Now, this is to Israel, to the Jews, the one that Christ came to. Uh, but seeing you put it from you and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, we turn to the Gentiles. So, the word came to the Messiah came to Israel. He came to the Jews. He came to those of his own land and of his own inheritance and should have been understood. He knew their customs. He knew their laws. He even practiced their customs. He went to the synagogue. He he followed uh many of their He followed their laws. He was blameless before them in many ways. And yet they turn him down. You've deemed yourself I love how he says unworthy of everlasting life. Lo, we turned to the Gentiles. For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles. Notice how Christ was be to be a light to lighten the Gentiles. and how that to the Jews who sat in darkness, great light had sprung up. And now as the gospel is turning to the Gentiles and that Jewish church ages are completely ending, he says,"Ive set thee to be a light of the Gentiles that thou should us be for salvation unto the ends of the earth. And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord, and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed." Important scripture there. And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region. published not printed but it was broadcast it was displayed it was lived it was it was uh declared by lives it was witnessed of among all the region so when the gospel is turning to the Gentiles Paul says the Lord has commanded us to we are to be a witness we are to be a light to the Gentiles and as they're witnessing this great salvation those who are ordained to eternal life believe in this gospel this is this is the effect and the impact of the gospel being preached this is part of the book of acts and it's only those who are ordained to eternal life that actually believe. And then it says the word of the Lord through those who received the word and became the word. The word of the Lord was published throughout all the region. Now in Acts chapter 9:15, so you can see how this is working where Paul is bold. He speaks. We turn to the Gentiles. We are sent to be witnesses to the Gentiles. And when the Lord is speaking to Ananas in Acts chapter 9:15 says, "But the Lord said unto him, go thy way, for he is a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the Gentiles and kings and the children of Israel." Just as Moses had been sent to stand before Pharaoh and say, "Let God's people go." Just as he was called to stand before the children of Israel and say, "The God of your father Abraham, the God of your father Isaac, the God of your father Jacob has sent me, one of your own brethren, to lead you to that place that he promised you in Abraham's seed after him." Now, he's saying that God is calling Paul to be a light to the Gentiles, to bear the name of Jesus Christ before the Gentiles. He's called to be a witness. It's called to testify, to preach the gospel, to bring this great light to those who did not know of this light at all, who had no promise of a Messiah. Now, there's some other places we could refer to in here where Paul makes reference to this, and we're just looking at these little snippets in Paul's life. In Acts chapter 22, 25-28, there's uh he's being arrested. He's being bound. He's being beaten because of his witness and his testimony of the gospel. And it says, "And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman and unconddemned?" This is a complete needle off the record type thing. Everything's going to stop down. And when the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, "Take heed what thou doest, for this man is a Roman." Now, this is very interesting, isn't it? who Paul said he was a Pharisee of the Pharisees. He was a Jew of the Jew and touching the law blameless. And we say, "This man is an Israelite with papers from Jerusalem to persecute the Christians." And you think, "This man is all Israel." But yet, as he's being beaten, and he makes reference to his citizenship earlier in this this book, but he says, "Could you do this to a Roman?" They recognize that Paul is a Roman citizen. This man is a Roman. Then the chief captain came and said unto him, tell me, "Art thou a Roman?" And he said, "Yay." And the chief cap captain answered, "With a great sum obtained I this freedom." In other words, the captain had bought his Roman citizenship, which was you're able to do, and it cost a great sum. And those who bought their citizenship were still citizens, but they were kind of recognized as secondass citizens to those whom Paul identifies himself with. And says, Paul said, "But I was freeborn. I was born a Roman citizen. I was born free. I'm not a slave. I'm not a servant. I'm unconddemned. I am a free Roman citizen. Now, there's a lot we could give historically, but I just want you to maybe use your own uh imagination and your own knowledge to realize this is important. The fact that he is a Roman citizen immediately stops what they they immediately they realize that they are violating the rights of this citizen that they're doing something that they ought not to do to one who has certain rights and certain privileges. But just look at this and it's very simple picture we're trying to paint tonight. Paul was not just a Jew, he's a Roman, right? So when when Paul is standing before the Jews and teaching, this would be this is wasn't this Saul of Tarsus. And so you can see there where his connection would be being born in Roman territory. They say, "Isn't this Saul? This this is the Jew. This is the one that learned in Galia. This is the one that did this. This is the one who was of the Pharisees." And there's a lot that you could say about Paul to say he was a believer. He was an Israelite. He he would understand the Jewish laws and and the and the writings that they believed in. But he's not just a Jew, he's also a Roman. So it positions him in a very unique place to where now when he turns to the Romans, he's not just showing up like a Jew who thinks he's better than everybody else, telling others what to do. Why are you so quiet tonight? Reminds me of one of our favorite uh sermons, so to speak, is when John Piper was speaking at a convention for American uh Christian psychologist. And on the docket that day was uh a comedian to speak and they mixed up the printed schedule and brother John Piper shows up to speak in the slot that all these Christian psychologists thought was going to be a comedian. So he's trying to talk real honestly and sincere and everyone's laughing at him and the more he's like I've never been laughed at before. This is weird. The more they just start crying laughing and hooting and hauling because they thought he was a comedian. Like this guy's dead pan is perfect. Well, I mean, if you're just going to be dead silent, you could at least laugh at me. Right. There you go. Now, we're all waking up. All right. So, if we're all together on this, it's 7:47. Let's take off. Acts 15:es 1:5. Recognize what's happened here because we're just walking through the story looking at these little snippets. And it says, "Certain men which came down from Judea taught the brethren and said, except you be circumcised after the manner of Moses, you cannot be saved." Now, is that the gospel? No. This isn't the gospel. When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with him, they determined that Paul and Barnabas and certain other of them should go up to Jerusalem under the apostles and elders about this question. So now it becomes this issue of whether or not everyone should be circumcised after the manner of Moses. Now in reality, this would only be relevant to what? A non-Jew. They would have already been circumcised on the eighth day uh the eighth day. the eighth day. And that would have been something that would have been uh according to their own law and their own traditions. But now it's trying to be imposed on those who were Gentiles who had not been circumcised. And it says in verse three, "And being brought on their way by church by the church, they passed through Venus and Samaria declaring the conversion of the Gentiles and they cause great joy unto all the brethren." The gospel is turned to the Gentiles. People are being saved as we read in uh in Acts chapter 13. We now turn to the Gentiles. Now the Gentiles are receiving the word. Verse four. And when they were come to Jerusalem, coming to the the the uh that center point, ground zero of this breaking forth of this church. They were received of the church and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them. But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees, which believed, saying there that it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses. So they are telling them that this is what has happened as the gospel has gone to the Gentiles and the Gentiles are receiving the gospel and they're being converted to Christ and they're they're receiving the Holy Ghost and they're coming into this great family. He says there are some who are of the sect of the Pharisees who having been Israelites, having been Jews, are now imposing upon the Gentiles the need to be circumcised in order to keep the law of Moses. And this is a great debate that's going to rage in the church there in Jerusalem. And they come to their conclusion in verse 22. Then pleased the apostle and elders when the whole church to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas, namely Judas, surname, Barsabus, and Silas, chief men among the brethren. These would be Jews who are going to speak according to the law and even their own conviction about whether or not that law would be applicable to the Christians. He says, "And they wrote letters by them after this manner. The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cissia. For as much as we have heard that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, you must be circumcised and keep the law to whom he gave no such commandment." There's a there's this connection that the maybe these Pharisees could have to the Messiah to say, "Hey, look, wouldn't I know better? Wouldn't I be able to know the law a little bit better and know who the Messiah is and what he's supposed to do?" And so, there could be some undue influence that they could have. So, now the Jews in Jerusalem are are answering to the Gentiles. They're entering into their suffering. They're being empathetic and they want them to know that as far as we who are of the church at Jerusalem and Jews ourselves who've been converted, we've sent not one to impose this commandment on a gentile. Says, "It seemed good unto us being assembled with one accord to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul, men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ." I love that scripture. We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth. For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things. We're not going to impose upon you circumcision. We're going to lighten that load. We're not going to impose that that uh law on you. Says that you abstain. These are ones that they did tell him that they thought that would be agreeable to them. Abstain from meats offered to idols and from blood and from things strangled and from fornication from which if you keep yourselves you shall do well. Fair you well. Uh this just a real simple story just looking at this aspect of how the gospel is now turning to the Jews. Paul being a Roman uh having Roman citizenship has some connection uh with these Gentiles. The gospel turning to the Gentiles from the Jews. He goes he's now uh the gospel is having this impact upon Gentiles. Gentiles are being saved. And now the the OGs apparently are now telling these new guys, well you should be circumcised. We were circumcised. You should be circumcised. It caused a a great contention. And Paul is saying, "We don't uh this is this isn't what we think should be done." And so they go to Jerusalem. They have this conversation. Now, those Jews at Jerusalem want to speak with authority to the church, the Gentiles at Antioch and Syria and Cissia, that you do are not being required to be circumcised. We will not lay upon you this burden to be circumcised. Follow me so far. It's very, it's very simple. And I I mean that I'm not just saying this and all of a sudden I'm going to say something the ending like whoa didn't see that coming. This is very simple. Galatians chapter 2:es 1:5. Now there's a there's a lot of connections to these lang the language that's being used in the book of acts. But now Paul writing to the church of Galatia. Then 14 years after I went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas and took Titus with me also and I went up by revelation and communicated unto them the gospel which I preach among the Gentiles. So you can see the connections to these verses we've read. But privately to them which are of reputation, lest by any means I should run or had run in vain. Notice the discretion he uses. How that he communicates with some, but then he goes privately to them which are of reputation. So he's using discretion in terms of how these things are discussed, how these things are shared. That's not what I want to focus on. But notice verse three. But neither Titus who was with me being a Greek was compelled to be circumcised. And that because of false brethren unawares brought in who came in privy to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus that they might bring us into bondage to whom we gave place by subjection. No, not for an hour. Why? That the truth of the gospel might continue with you. Now think of this. He he he's making this point that we are we have gone uh he shared how the gospel is preached among the Gentiles and how that Titus being with him who is a Greek uh was compelled to be circumcised but he says we didn't even give place to that at all. We did not give into that. And some might think wow why not? I mean, it's such a maybe a a big ask for Titus, but if he could just get it done, he could he effectively more witness, but him being a Greek, he says, "I'm not going to force him to be circumcised so that the truth of the gospel might continue with you." In other words, there's something that he could have forced Titus to do that would have obscured the gospel to more put more emphasis on something they could have done in their flesh and begin to lead them into bondage of the law instead of recognizing the liberty that Christ was wanting to bring them. But Titus uncircumcised with Paul ministering the gospel was not compelled to be circumcised by Paul. He resisted the notion that the this that Titus should be circumcised. But in acts 16:es 1-5 a little bit different story says then came he to Derby and Lystra and behold a certain disciple was there named Timoththeus the son of a certain woman which was a Jewish and believed but his father was a Greek so he's a Jew by birth to his mom his father is a Greek Titus is referred to as being Greek now Timoththeus is uh both Jew and Greek by birth he said now of these these ones which was well reported of the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium. So he has a good rapport. We know that his parents, his mom and grandma had good report. Him would Paul have to go forth with him and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters. Little bit different take. Now back I think it was maybe in January, February, brother Eleazar preached on grace through faith. He was even looking at these very things and mentioned it was mentioning Timothy's circumcision but the lack of Titus's circumcision. And so here Titus having been asked uh to be circumcised, Paul says no, he's not going to be circumcised. Where is he? Where was he going to Paul? To the Gentiles. But now he says Paul's going to go forth with them. He took him and circumcised him because of the Jews. I mean, could you imagine Timothy finding out about Titus later on? Said, "Whoa, wait a minute. You didn't make Titus do this, but you made me do this. But he says he did it because of the Jews. For they knew all that his father was a Greek. And as they went through the cities, they delivered him to the decrees for to keep that were ordained to the apostles and elders which are at Jerusalem. And so were the churches established in the faith and increased in number daily. Notice how in each instance the gospel is effective that the effectiveness of the gospel is taken into consideration. And Titus being uh all Greek would not have been expected to be circumcised. But Timothy is asked to be circumcised and he is because of the context of where he's witnessing and the relationship that he would have to these other Jews. Timothy had been accepted or at least it's believed that he was accepted as a Jew since his mother was a Jew. So being circumcised, he would not be discredited by the Jews that they were witnessing to would have been relatable. It it would have ended all objections. They would have known silence them before they could even get started. They could not discredit him. And so it would be this would be something where he'd be relative to the audience. Have you ever heard the phrase win in Rome? It says win in Rome do as the Romans. It sounds like from the chuckles that people use that all the time. Had a business meeting in Vegas. That's what what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Different different saying, but when in Rome, do as the Romans do. It's also short shortened to when in Rome. You'd be interesting to find that it's a proverb that's attributed to St. Ambrose and it basically means you know it's best to follow the traditions of customs that are of a place you're visiting and it came about uh and this uh St. Ambrose was a renown theologian in the 300s and one of the most influential ecclesiastical figures of the 4th century. So he's quite a Christian figure. And there was a a a mother and her son St. Augustine I believe is his name was visiting an area and it was their custom to do something on a particular day and uh and so she wrote a letter to St. Ambrose asking him says well they they don't do this here what should we do and he says when I'm somewhere where they observe the Sabbath I will do the same thing and he said so he makes the statement when in Rome and it's it's wasn't in English but this essentially says when in Rome do as the Romans do this isn't a license to if you're with the heathens heathen out right if if they're reprobate just reprobate it's showing that if there's ways people do things if there's customs and traditions avail yourself to that. Why would you do that? So you can be you can relate to them. You can be relatable and there's a way that you can actually be impactful. There's a way that you look at the context of what's happening the situation. Whereas Paul said, "I become all things to all men, to a Jew, a Jew." And he goes, "Not that I would violate the law of Christ. To the extent that I'd be asked to do something against the word of God, I will not do it. But yet I want to become something to somebody else to a Jew a Jew to the weak weak to the gentile a gentile so that I could gain them so that they can hear the gospel and be saved. And this is the same emphasis here whereas uh Titus is not asked to be circumcised because he's going to be re he's re his relationship to those that he's witnessing to but that it would seem fit that Timothy be circumcised for the same reason. If I could put it this way, it was a way of not only u addressing being relatable, but it was becoming it was becoming relevant. And I don't think it's too much of a stretch to say that. And and so what I want to do is I just want to step into what where we were on let your light so shine before men. I think I had a typo in my last my slides on this before. I don't know if I have it here, so chuckle if you like, but I think I have it right. But he says, "Let your light so shine before men." He says, "And we know that the day that we're living today, it pays to advertise." It pays to advertise. And you find out that these people who are making such big progress in business are great men of advertisement. It's the truth. This is where you make your money. It's really summarized uh just as advertisement, but that is such a broad thing today. such a heavy thing, a weighty thing. And and those that are able to place ads in front of people are making money and they're using their data in order to do that, in order to sell. So if something is free, you're the product, you're the commodity. And what they're wanting to use use you to monetize through advertising. And so one of the things I was studying just looking at they say one of the most significant keys to uh marketing success or success in advertising is relevancy to your target audience. So you you want to know who your target audience is and you want to make yourself relevant to those you're targeting. And I remember one time when a friend of my brother Matthews he had friends he had a lot of friends. Uh sound like a Trumpism there. A lot of friends good friends. uh he had a friend who witnessed Matthew start a company by passing out flyers to mow people's lawns. He wanted to go to a friend's wedding and he said, "Let me mow your lawn to help me buy an airline ticket." And it was through that passing out flyers to people that he was able to be start this business and it still continues today as an arborist. So his friend was kind of inspired how Matthew did that and he had an aquarium with some fish and he knew how to clean aquariums. So, he went out and passed out flyers, thousands of flyers to people and didn't get one call. And I overheard him talking to Matthew like, "Man, I can't believe it. You passed out flyers and you made a bunch of money and you started this company. I've passed out thousands of flyers and nobody called me back." And I just said, "If you could just excuse me for a moment, I'd just like to make an observation." I said, "Matthew knew that everyone he was handing a flyer to at least had a lawn." I said, "You have no idea whether or not anybody who got your flyer owned a fish tank or an aquarium." Said, "It's like passing out a pool cleaning service at a hotel or an apartment complex. Nobody owns the pool. Nobody's going to pay for cleaning." And so, this was that just a real simple example of how that you want to know who your target audience is. And if you have your target audience, you want to be relevant to them. There's a study that came out a few years ago where it said 90% of consumers find it annoying to receive messages that aren't personally relevant to them. And we all said, "Amen." That's why just this little, you know, family disclosure here. I don't let my wife use my account because I don't want them trying to sell me wife things, right? The algorithm is going to start telling me, "You need flour." I'm like, "No, no, I don't. I don't need those kind of sandals. I don't wear those kind of clothes. Right? Because they're mining this data and they want to put something in front of you and they want to make it relevant. And it's annoying when something is pitched to you that's not relevant to you. I would say the worst is when you search for something and you bought it and for the rest of your life they advertise it to you and then one day you find out that it's cheaper and it gets cheaper and cheaper or the new one comes out and I just wish you could just shut it down. I bought it. I'm done. I don't want to hear about it anymore. But that's all the things that we relate to when it comes to advertising in marketing. And one of the most important things I wanted to point out one of the most important things when brother said it pays to advertise in advertising. One of the most important things is relevance. There was an article back in 2014. It's the nineletter word every marketer needs to remember at all times. Marketers write this down. Nineletter word that every marketer needs to remember at all times. If you've done the math, it's relevance. And this is what he said. He said, "In case any marketers and advertisers forgot, the word relevance is an adjective meaning having direct bearing on the matter in hand, pertinent." In marketing advertising terms, it means providing your customer and a prospect for that matter with content that is relevant to them. Now, you know, some of you social media influencers that sit here tonight may be able to benefit from this, but I'm talking about as Christians. I'm just wanting to make this applicable as Christians. And and another article that was written in the Harvest Business Review in 2018, it says marketers need to stop focusing on loyalty and start thinking about relevance. It's one of the big things of brand loyalty. Make sure they're loyal to uh uh uh uh to your brand. Well, let's forget about loyal. I mean loyalty and you say this is something you should focus on, but it's relevance. A key component of becoming a living business is conveying exactly the right message, experience, or offer to customers in the ex in exactly the right context. And they call it the era of relevance. The end of the era of loyalty, the era of relevance. Now, think of that in terms of this is the this is the marketing side of things. And I'm a poor person to do it. There's other people here that would be more qualified to speak on this academic side uh and building a brand and the story side of things, but I'm wanting to just draw some of these principles out to show you there was a time when people were focused on getting people to be loyal to the brand. And it was somewhat self-s serving in that well become brand loyalist a and and and try to convince people to be loyal and that's why you have uh VIP cards and MVP cards and all sorts of cards and frequent flyer mile numbers and elite numbers and statuses and you're going to get cents off at your grocery. They wanted to make you loyal. Loyalty cards, loyalty points, but I said there's a shift away from that to where now what you need to do is you need to be relevant to the consumer. not just asking for loyalty to the the content creator or the one that's sharing something or the one that's selling something, but you want to be relevant to them. Now, I I want to riff on that a little bit, but let me read this statement before I do so that I don't lose everybody and think, when did this turn into marketing 101? And let your light so shine before men. He says, "So it pays off for that." What did he say? I I I know that the day we're living in today, it pays to advertise and people are making big money. He's saying great men of advertisement. So if it pays off for that, I begin to think then why won't Christianity pay off if it's advertised? Right? And think of this. He says, well, I thought then what is advertisement? Now think of this shift away from loyalty to relevance. And I believe this is actually where we are today. There's a lot of pandering to the church because the church has demanded your loyalty and and you and we're loyal to the church. We're loyal to the the function of things. And in reality though, what the real heart of the gospel is so that you it can be relevant to you. Not just loyalty to a a house, not to loyalty to a name, but something is actually relevant to you. He says, "Then what is advertisement?" He says, "You've got to have something that's a little different from what the rest of them's got or if it's just so common like the things of the world, it'll never attract the attention of the people." He's drawing from a real world example where he saw the impact a billboard had and how that begins to work. And he we read some statements before about how it first has to be seen and then once it's seen uh then it has to impact that one who they have to want it. So he says, "But if it's just it has to be something different than what everybody else has. If we're just demanding loyalty to creeds, then find the creeds that are a little that you can vibe with, right? Find the creeds that let you do what you want, like show up on a Sunday in your shorts and watch the Super Bowl at the same time." He said, "If it's just common like everything else, it'll never attract the attention of people." Now, if a man would have been looking for an automobile, he would have went on past that sign. What sign? Hungry. If what he needed was an automobile, that sign wouldn't have wouldn't have uh caught his attention. But if he'd been hungry, he'd have been looking for that sign. What would what is it? It's relevant. The sign was relevant to the need. Now, if somebody needs an automobile, then you have that sign that's advertising automobiles and it meets that need. But he's saying to the one that was hungry, that sign was relevant to his need. He says, "So I believe that the Christian is God's billboard. I believe that each one of us is God's billboard and we don't have to do so much of carrying on about as we do. Just simply live such a life that'll make the people hungry to be like you." Do you realize that's the relevance? People who want hope, they want peace, they want satisfaction, they want happiness, they don't want a bunch of carrying on. Bunch of carrying on, you can find it somewhere else. I promise you that if you want to be Pentecostal, move to Alexandria, Louisiana, and just join up with the Pentecost of Alexandria, attend because of the times and and go to all their services and enjoy the worship and be true Pentecostals, if that's what you want. But if you want to live the life, you got to have the life. You got to have the word. Says we don't want to have so much carrying on about as we do. Just simply live such a life that'll make the people hungry to be like you. That's how you're God's billboard. And what is he saying? He's saying that's what will make you relevant because it'll speak to a need that the person has. It'll speak to the real what's pertinent. In case anyone forgot the word relevance means something that has a bearing on the matter at hand. Something that's pertinent. That's what we want to know. We want to be relevant to people as witnesses in our family, to our children. Whatever the relationships we have, we want to be real. We want to be relatable. But then it also needs to be relevant. Right? We're not telling people to go build an ark. We're not telling people to go kill a lamb and put blood on the doorpost and lentil literally something relevant. If someone needs divine healing, you want to that you want to bring them to that relevant place in scripture to testify divine healing. I believe what brother Brown's identifying here is where the context matters. The relationship matters. He said it pays off in the business world. Wouldn't it pay off for Christianity? Amen. if we advertised the same if we took that same kind of principle that I'm God's billboard. I'm an advertisement for the word of God. And so I want my life to express a a satisfaction to the need that someone may have. Couple scriptures to close. One in Romans chapter 11 to verse 17. He says, "For I long to see you that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift to the end you may be established." Paul just writing these things at the beginning of the book of Romans. He says that is that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me. Now I would not have you ignorant brethren that often times I purposed to come unto you but was let hither too that I might have some fruit among you also even as among other Gentiles. Then he this is the part that I really wanted to focus on. He says I am debtor both to the Greeks and to the barbarians both to the wise and to the unwise. I have a duty. I want to be a witness to I need to take into consideration the Greeks, the barbarians, the wise and the unwise, to the unruly and the civilized. That I'm a debtor to them. We're servants to them. We're witnesses to them. That we we don't if we are wise, we don't make ourselves uh so we we there's no uh pomp to our our testimony. We're not trying to impress somebody. We're not wanting to look down and prove to the unwise that we're better than them. He says, "But I'm a debtor. I'm a debtor to Greeks, to the barbarians, both to the wise and to the unwise." So he says, "So as much as is in it is in me, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also." This is what his citizenship afforded him the ability to do. Gave him great liberty. The fact that he was a Roman, it was relevant to the witness that God wanted him to be. Said, "I'm going to send you as a light to lighten the Gentiles. I'm going to cause you to go and bring the gospel to the Gentiles. And his Roman citizenship was part of this plan of God to even bring him to Rome because as a citizen, he appealed to Rome as much as is with me in me. I want to preach the gospel to you because I am in debt as a servant of God to to be a witness to the Greeks, to the barbarians, to the wise, and the unwise. Then he makes these great statements that we all remember so well. For I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ. For it is the power of God under salvation, to everyone that believeth to the Jew first, and also to the Greek. For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith. From his faith to their faith, as it is written, the just shall live by faith. From faith to faith, as the faith is preached, as the word is believed, it excites the faith in another. to the Jew to the Greek, from the Jew to the Greek, the Greek to the Jew, all working together as a debtor to the Greeks and to the barbarians, both to the wise and the unwise. That's the responsibility we have as witnesses. And I believe that the same burden is on us in this hour. And though we're reading this in the context of the book of Acts and the relationship between those who would be Jews who are circumcised or or or non-Jews being asked to be circumcised, it's still today we are God's billboards and you have an audience. There's a target audience. God wants to reach them. And you may be uniquely qualified to reach people that others aren't able to do. Yes. And so God has called you just as Paul was built a certain way, just as Titus was a certain way, just as Timothy was a certain way. There's ways that the gospel can be preached and lived and expressed through you that's not just cookie cutter. That's not let's not we're not all trying to twist arms and get people to come to Arizona believers church so they can really hear the gospel preached in his pure form. No, Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the goal is that others would have a personal revel revelation of Jesus Christ. That life being excited inside them would lead them to that place of worship and fellowship where they can be taught the word of God and grow in Christ. And it doesn't all have to be in the same place. But our lives need to be billboards because it pays to advertise. Maybe we could look at it this way that God will pay to advertise. There's a blessing in it. Let's get into marketing. Developers, developers, developers, right? Let's get into this. Let's become brand evangelists for the gospel. In Habac chapter 2, musicians, you could come. I'm just going to close on this. Habac chapter 2:es 2:4. He said, 'The just shall live by faith. Romans 1:18 17, the righteousness of God is revealed from faith to faith as it is written, the just shall live by faith. What was he calling on? Habac chapter 2. And the Lord answered me and said, write the vision and make it plain upon tables that he may run that readeth it. Notice that there's a vision given. One receives the vision, one hears it, one sees it. But he is to write it upon a table and not obscure it. It's to be printed. It's to be etched so that the one that reads it can run properly. It's not a vague billboard like the one you see on your way to Tucson, the thing. Like, what is what even is that, right? You know, it's just it's it's so ambiguous. That's not what God's after. Hungry really gets you thinking. Hungry. You begin to think something something's pulling on me. Yes, I I have an appetite. So, it's to be made plain. Make it plain so that others who read it, those that hear it can run, can be uh uh excited by the vision, know what it's saying and and respond to it appropriately. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie. Though it tar, wait for it because it will surely come, it will not tar. Paul catches the revelation of this and he knows that the vision which is in it here is Christ. He's the one that comes. He's the one that speaks. He's the one that's revealed himself in this end time. He says, "Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him. But the just shall live by his faith." We're living in a time when not only does he have to be revealed to you. And you know that he's real and you know that he's living inside of you and he is playing it as a vision. You've got to make it plain. Let it be written in the tables of your heart that it might be lived out simply so that it can make people to be hungry like you. Lord, I do want to be your billboard. That the the vision can be etched in my life and that through my response to difficulties and circumstances, the way that I raise my children, the way that I handle defeat, the way that I handle loss, the way that I even handle breakups and and backsliden children, whatever it may be, that in that I demonstrate the power of the gospel and I make it plain upon those tables that others may see and run to it. Others would come to find the same vision real in their hearts. I I approached this in a very unique way just even from my my own vantage point. I I I know what I'm looking at and there's a lot more that could be said about this, but there's a lot to think about in terms of our witness and our testimony being relevant. And now sometimes we try to force something and it's like, well, look at the context of what you're forcing it into. When you do that, how is it how is it relational to what you're trying to accomplish? I'm not trying to make it complicated like this is advertising and and and marketing. We need to figure out how we can get better branding. Just live a life. Just live a simple life. Not a much of carrying on, but know that God has a way that that he has. It pays to advertise. It pays to use billboards. That's the success of the gospel is not so much what we do here, but it's what you do out of these doors. That's going to be the greatest success of this church is not what we do here, but what you do outside. And you're you're called to it. You've got it. You guys have it. You have the goods. You've got the you have the capacity to turn Arizona upside down. Not with a bunch of carrying on, but by living a simple life. God, help us to be his witnesses. If you could stand together with me. Pray for me, my family, and I as we leave super early in the morning. We're going to be up 4:00 in the morning or so, and getting on the road heading to Europe. We got several services this weekend. We just covet your prayers and may God be with you while we're away. Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, consider it a great privilege to be in your presence tonight. And Lord, I realize that just piecing together lengthy readings can be laborious, Lord, for the listener. But I trust that those who are here tonight with their attentiveness and their anticipation, they were able just to kind of pick out uh some of these small details and make them relevant to their own lives. Lord, there's families here that will live in circles where the gospel needs to touch people. And Lord, may they embrace that role, to that neighborhood, to that family, to those people that they're called to. And Lord, not so much that they would need to drag them out of their community and bring them here to Phoenix or church here and so that they could participate in a church service, but Lord, so that your light would shine where they are. Lord, we would love it if in doing so there would be those who would call upon your name to be saved and that there could be baptisms even here in our own baptismal that we could be see souls added to the church that could grow in your word, live in the light of this hour. Lord, that's truly our desire. But that part's up to you. May we do our part to be these billboards, these tables of flesh in which the vision is being written plainly so that through living the life we could be advertising Christ, peace and hope and joy, the fruits of the spirit, the very purpose of the fruits of the spirit, Lord, is to advertise. Lord, I pray that you help us to be more faithful to this cause through the simplicity of this service tonight. I trust that people would be encouraged. We love you, Lord. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ.
