################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - The Heart of a Witness - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   The Heart of a Witness
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXJ0mf7MNA8
========================================

Description:
The Heart of a Witness
Sunday Service: May 11, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Deuteronomy chapter 32:es 7- 11. Remember the days of old. Consider the years of many generations. Ask thy father and he will show thee thy elders and they will tell thee. When the most high divided to the nations their inheritance. When he separated the sons of Adam, he set bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel. For the Lord's portion is his people. Jacob is the lot of his inheritance. And so the he here that he speaks of in these next verses uh and the he and him is Jacob or Israel. He found him in a desert land and in the waste howling wilderness. He led him about he instructed him. He kept him as the apple of his eye and think of a child or a son because he says as an eagle stereth up her nest flutth over her young spreadth abroad her wings taketh them beareth them on her wings. So the Lord did alone lead him and there was no strange God with him. Amen. Let's just pray again. Heavenly Father, as we read these words, there's so much that's meant in this even in this moment that it was written to recall to mind what you had done and what had previously been done and how you were watching over, brooding over Israel as if it was your own son, your own child. Lord, how it was being instructive then and how we could look now see your plan. and we pray that you'd make these words alive to us today. Encourage us, Lord, by your word. And we ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can have your seats. My title is uh the heart of a witness. The heart of a witness. We ministered on the art of witnessing last Sunday. And so we'll pick up on this here in Matthew chapter 5:16. He's speaking of a city set on a hill and a light of the candle being placed on a candlestick so that it can give light. And Jesus uses those two examples to say, "Let your light so shine before men. Let it shine like a city on a hill that can be seen like a candlestick positionally placed a candle positionally placed on a candlestick to give light to those in a darkened room. He says, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. I believe that you are now light in the Lord and that in a dark and dying age and in the darkest age there's ever been, there are lights that are living on earth now and the bride is the world's light. You are emanating truth. You are uh emanating goodness and righteousness and that is what your table is today to shed the light of God and to uh broadcast his character through the fruits of the spirit and this is a radiance that is meant to lead others to Christ and not people to you. So if we have light and if we are shining people are not drawn you're not merely drawn to the light of the city but you're drawn to what the lights represent and what they express. the same for a candle in a darkened room. Everyone just doesn't gather around the light looking at it. That's what campfires are for. But the the light is used for very specific purposes and for to give light to those that are within the house. In Colossians 4:5, it says, "Walk in wisdom towards them that are without redeeming the time, your character, your conduct, your decisions, your abstinence, all those things that we could speak of in terms of your attributes and your behavior and conduct. Even the things you say as a Christian are meant for the benefit of others and specifically them that do not believe. were doing these things for those who believe not who have not heard the truth so that they could know the truth. That's what we were using in the thought of the art of witnessing. It's that skill in testifying. It's that ability to uh demonstrate the character of Christ or demonstrate truth for the benefit of someone else. And so we know then as we kind of summarize the art of witnessing, that skill in testifying, it's that it's the purpose of witnessing is so that others can partake in the truth of Christ. Now, on the subject of the heart of a witness, I so I want to build off of that that your light is for the benefit of others. And that you are a witness. Uh not so much in that we're passing out tracks, uh handing out Bibles, but in that we're living the word of God. and we're looking for opportunities to express his nature and his character and the the looking at the thought of how can we uh be better witnesses. I want to look at what the heart that is required for a witness and my my thought uh centers a lot around uh uh um having feeling and real genuine sentiment for uh people. And this statement that Van Gogh had wrote to his uh brother uh Theo Theo and he had was writing this letter and in it he expressed to him how that uh he felt that Theo was really really kind to painters and not a lot of people expressed uh sim similar sentiments to painters and I don't know is the slideshow uh locked up or froze up there or I I don't know what's happening at this moment. So I thought maybe I had done something wrong. But uh he makes this statement. He writes this. He said, "I feel that there's nothing more genuinely artistic than to love people." And I thought that it was this statement that I read sometime last year that really struck me and I began to think about this morning. I think it was one of the things that led me to down this path of seeing how these parallels of art and the things of God. And that self-portrait there is not of brother Reginald Ben David Platt. That is actually Van Gogh who painted himself wore in the the character he almost looks Asian a little bit and he was being influenced by a Japanese artist but this was a self-portrait he painted around the time that he wrote this letter and he said I feel there's nothing more genuinely artistic than to love people. I really want you to think about that uh his sentiments may have been born from a lot of different things and it might have been influenced from different places but as we'll find in this scripture that there's something very powerful and something very necessary about having love in our hearts for people. And so that's my inspiration for this title the heart of a witness. Now in Proverbsap 14 25 it says a true witness delivereth souls but a deceitful witness speaketh lies. The word here that's used witness in the Hebrew it's testimony or the evidence of things. In one sense we could say that itself is a witness is a testimony. Uh uh witness in terms of the noun not the personal uh person but an evidence of things. It's that attestation from personal knowledge. You've seen it for yourself. Uh so you can witness something. It's from knowledge or wit. When we say witness it's from having knowledge or wit. A witness is one who testifies. So if you a witness can be a thing that is uh the evidence of things from knowledge or wit or the witness itself we say a witness on the stand would be one who testifies and actually the Greek word for witness is martyr and you think immediately is brother Aaron wanting to is he leading us to the punch or you we all wear Adidas jumpsuits and take some sleeping pills but to be a martyr is literally to be a witness. It's one who tears who bears testimony of their faith. And so the word martyr was used of those who gave their lives because they were willing to hold to their faith and give witness of their faith to death. And so that's what's meant by this. A true witness is one who can testify, one who bears a testimony. And if one is a witness or if you use it as a verb to witness something, then not only do you bear testimony or give testimony, but it means to see or to know by personal presence, something that you have actually observed. So here the Bible says a true witness delivers souls. It's one who can personally attest to a fact or event. They have personal knowledge of the veracity. They witness. They are a witness of truth. Something seen, something understood, something. They're not just saying, "Oh, well, something happened. Can you testify what happened on the morning of such and such and such and such?" Say, "Well, I can't tell you what happened. I just know that something happened." That's not a true witness. It's some personal knowledge. in 2 Samuel chapter 18 19-32 as we just read this story I think it'll convey everything that we need uh uh to or just this point I'm trying to make about what a true witness is says then said Aimaz and this is after Abselum had been killed the son of Zadok let me now run and bear the king tidings how that the Lord hath avenged him of his enemies and so he sees that the battle has been won aim has he says let me be the bear of news. Let me be a witness to King David, the fact that those who have opposed him are defeated. And Joab said unto him, "Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day." He's saying, "No, you're not to run to the king and give tidings." He says, "But this day thou shalt bear no tidings because the king's son is dead." And it's said because what Aimaz knows is that the battle's been won. But what he doesn't know in particular is what had happened to the king's son. So there was very specific news that Joab wanted to reach the king because he knew what would be in the king's heart, what he would want to hear. Then Joab said to Kushi, "Go tell the king what thou hast seen." Notice he doesn't tell him what to say. Doesn't tell him in particular what it is, but it was something that Kushi could personally testify to. So we're going to use him as an example of a true witness. Tell him what you have seen. This is what it means to be a true witness. And Kushi bowed himself into Joab and ran. Then said Aimaz the son of Zadok yet again to Joab. But howsoever let me I pray thee also run after Kushi. Notice the desire the zeal. I want to do something. I I want to express something. I want to do something. He says and Joab said, "Wherefore wil thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready?" What what are you witnessing? What are you going to express? What is going to be meant by your running, by your activity, by all that you're doing? But howsoever said he, let me run. So he still wants to run. He says, what do you what's your voice? What are you gonna say? What are you gonna share? And he says, but let me run. He said, run. I want us to think about this. You may want to run. You may want to do a lot of stuff and God's going to let you run. But what is it you're witnessing? What is it you're pointing to? What is it you know by personal experience and personal knowledge that you're declaring? He said, "Go ahead, run." Then Amaz ran by the way of the plane and overran Kushi. So he's going to be the first one there. David sat between the two gates and he's waiting. He's anxious about the results. And the watchman went up to the roof of the gate over the wall and lifted up his eyes and looked and behold a man running alone. And the watchman cried and told the king. And the king said, "If he be alone, there's tidings in his mouth." So he knew this was a messenger. And he came a pace and drew near. And the watchman saw another man running. And the watchman called into the porter and said, "Behold, another man running alone." And the king said, "He also bringeth tidings." I thought this one was interesting. He said, ' And the watchman said, 'Me thinkketh the running of the foremost is like the running of a Hemon, the son of Zadok. He might have had a really unique way of running or something. He said, I know who that is. And the king said, he is a good man and cometh with good tidings. So, it's not that he was uh evil or had wrong intent, but he's in his desire to serve and his uh use as a messenger, he David assumed this one is going to witness. He's witnessed something. He's going to bring these tidings. And Ahemos called and said unto the king, "All is well." And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the king, and said, "Blessed be the Lord thy God, which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king." So he could testify to the results of the battle. Let me go tell that you've been avenged of your enemies. And the king said, "Is the young man Abselum safe?" I want you to catch this too about the heart of a father. He knew uh this battle was taking place. He knew they had uh come up against him. And he asked him what he he had something very specific he wanted to know. He wasn't didn't worry wasn't worried about the battle. He wanted to know about his son. And Aimez answered, "When Joab sent the king's servant and me thy servant, I saw a great tom. I saw a great battle. I saw something happening, but I knew not what it was." And this is why Joab turned to Kushi and he said, "Go tell him what you've seen." Ahimas knew something had happened, but he didn't have personal knowledge of in particular what had transpired. And he knew that Kushi knew something. So he said, "We've been sent, me and his other servant have been sent a and uh to to share these things, but I don't know exactly what happened beyond there's been a victory." The king said to him, "Turn aside and stand there." And he turned aside and stood still. David knew that there was another messenger yet coming. Behold, Kushi came. And Kushi said, "Tidings, my lord, the king, for the Lord hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee." The same tidings in particular that he had. And then the king said unto Kushi, "Is the young man Abselum saved?" The same sentence. What is this again? This is the heart of a father. And we'll read here, you could read here in a moment. I I took these verses out actually where David when he learns that Abselon is dead weeps, laments, and he's deeply wounded because as a father, even though his son had risen up against him, his love for him had never changed. He didn't wish him ill. He didn't want to banish him from the kingdom. Uh he it was very hard for him to see these things transpiring. And the king said unto Kushi, "Is my son safe?" And Kushi answered, "The enemies of my lord the king and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt be as that young man is." Kushi knew the result of that toml, that battle, that um engagement in which Abselum was dead and he could testify specifically to what had happened. Not just generally, but he had personal knowledge about the things relevant to the king. He had experienced it himself. And I want to use this scriptural example of what a true witness is. It's one that actually knows the truth, the truth of things as they actually are. In Proverbsap 14:5, it says, "A faithful witness will not lie, but a false witness will utter lies." It's a remarkable statement. I think we could all just agree that this is an accurate observation. A faithful witness will tell the truth, but a false witness will utter lies. This is at the heart of a witness. They have truth in their heart. Personal experience and knowledge of a thing that they want to testify to. So the heart of a witness is full of truth because life depends on truthtelling. Think of this for all of us as we measure our words and the things we do. Life depends upon truthtelling. Truth is the cement of society. If we're if it's uh if it's falsities and it's built on lies and suspicions, societyy's going to crumble. So it see uh truth cements society together. But yet a deceitful witness obscures truth. Why? Because even to him it is obscured. A Hemos saw a battle and he saw tomalt. He saw something happened and so he could observe a happening but yet it's obscured to him. Therefore, if he tried to say specifically what had happened, he would have been an unfaithful or deceitful witness because the truth being obscured to him, he obscures truth the more that he tries to witness. A deceitful witness will give false evidence. One translation said, "A deceitful witness is a cheat." I think we all like that one. He's a cheat. That's what he is. And so, if we're going to be a witness, our hearts must be convinced of the truth of a thing. There must be deep conviction and and a certainty. It can't just be, well, I think so, or I'm not sure. And if we aren't sure, it's okay to say we don't know. If there isn't certainty, it's okay to say that there is no certainty. But if you're going so if you're going to stand and present yourself as testifying or demonstrating something to be true, you want that truth to be in your heart, you want to know that you know that you know. Van Go in one of these letters to his brother said, "Faith in God is for me a certainty, not some notion, not an idol belief." I don't know if I can control this from here said not not some notion, not an idol belief. It is so. It is true. There is a God that lives. A God that's alive in you and I. A God that's been real throughout history. And so there if we're going to be a witness, if we're going to declare something to be true, there has to be a certainty in our hearts, we have to know that what we're speaking about is true. And in the light of the fact that we could be a deceitful witness who utters lies and falsehoods and it be to someone's detriment, let us remember even the example of Hemos who so desperately wanted to run and there's a caution there. What do you what's your voice? What's your witness? When pressed, he wasn't he didn't speculate. He testified to what he knew was true and he left the rest to the one who had the rest of the information. in Zechariah 8 16-1 17 said these are the things that ye shall do you want didn't you pray Lord tell me what can I do some of you seeking the will of the Lord I want to know what I need to do speak ye every man the truth to his neighbor here's a real key to this if the nothing truly more artistic than loving people to love people and there's something about God that is described and summed up as God is love and God being the ultimate creator and the ultimate hardest. We see that parallel. Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbor. Execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates. And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbor. And love no false oath. For all these are things that I hate, sayaeth the Lord. He's not saying he hates his neighbor. He's saying he hates an imagine imagining evil in your hearts against your neighbor. doesn't say that he hates judgment of truth and peace in your hearts. He hates the opposite of those things. So speak every man the truth to your neighbor. Don't lie. Don't cheat. Don't defraud. But in the sense that I wouldn't want to say anything that would harm, speak those things which edify. Speak and say things that promote goodness. Speak ye every man the truth to your neighbor. Execute justice and judgment. Do that is right, the judgment of truth and peace in your gates. not trying to stir things up and strife and instigating everyone. It there was a time when the trolls were relegated to forums online that none of us would never visit. But now the trolls are everywhere. And what are they trying to do? Trying to instigate, stir things up, cause strife. Let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against your neighbor. And love no false oath, deceitful testimonies, but a true witness. As we've already read in the scripture in verse 25 of Proverbs 14, he a true witness delivereth souls. He delivers the innocent. He delivers the falsely accused. That means to rescue or to save. Deliver means to recover. So a true witness has something at heart that he wants to speak the truth because there's something at stake. a regardless of what else is taking place, he realized this is one that's under this sentence or this pronouncement or they're at the risk of being accused. And so in the even the context that a true witness will deliver a soul who's been falsely accused, who faces severe punishment, he's willing to speak truth to rescue and recover that one. And let me put it this way. Christian character is willing to risk unpopularity, willing to risk the mob or being cancelled to speak truth and rescue those who are bound by lies. In this time where there's this spiral of silence and the there's so much bullying that takes place and people just want to shut up and not say anything. I don't believe that we should join the counter mob that tries to be the bully to the bully or tries to be this voice that opposes the insanity to the other side. But we must have this willingness to riskmen the the favor of others and to risk the influence of great people to speak truth for those who stand bound to lies. This Proverbs chapter 14 was very instructive to me as I studied it. Proverbs 14 21. He that despiseth his neighbor sinnth. Now we talk a lot about the neighbor in the apartment next door. Hope we've learned to love him. We do love them because they're the ones we say this is all for. He's given us an out. But he says, "He that despiseth his neighbor sinnth." All right. You don't have to make eye contact with me, but how many of you have one of those neighbors that you just resent, right? I was going to say they park in front of your mailbox, but we really don't have mailboxes in Phoenix. They park where you don't want them to park. They do things you don't want them to do. It says the says he that despiseth. Amen. It's this attitude of disdain, this contempt such that there really is no concern for him. Whether you are so embittered against them and bitter towards them that you don't care or the disdain is this lack of empathy and concern whatsoever. He that despiseth his neighbor is sins, but he that hath mercy on the poor, happy is he. The Bible speaks to this principle that our character is measured by our attitude and treatment to those who are less fortunate than us and those who are weaker than us. Our attitude towards those who aren't as educated, who don't know as much, who don't haven't accomplished the things that we have accomplished. They seem to be very different than us. Characters measured by our conduct towards the marginalized, the weak, or even the less fortunate. Because when it says, "He that despiseth his neighbor sinnth," it says in Proverbs 14:20, "The poor is hated even of his own neighbor." So these verses need to be taken together. That when you have a poor neighbor and you have a neighbor that doesn't know as much as you, you have a neighbor that's not as spiritual as you, a neighbor that's religious, this or this or that or different, it says if they're poor, if they're if they're not like you, they're hated. There's something you don't want to be. They're hated of his own neighbor. But the rich hath many friends, the rich neighbor, you you want to be like him, right? You want to be That's why a man that wants to have a lot of friends has got to really spread himself out really thin and he's got to show himself friendly. And I say the rich can find friends rather easily. But the poor is hated by even his neighbor. To be despised, it means to look down upon, to think it below you, to take notice, or to be concerned with him. He that looks down upon his neighbor doesn't take notice or doesn't even feel it's worth being concerned for him, he sinnth. But the true witness delivers souls. At the heart of a true witness, there's I believe there's redemption at heart. So there's a conviction first in your heart of truth. If we even say here that as the neighbor to the poor, you would have some understanding that they are in fact poor and there's some certainty that they're destitute of something that they're lacking and they need something and that perhaps there's a way that you could help them. There has to be a conviction of truth and an understanding of the consequence. So there's a conviction of truth. This is the truth. And in light of truth, there's severe consequences for those that don't have truth. Therefore, you're concerned. John 1:es 35-42. Kind of jumping right into the middle of this. I think it fits well with Wednesday night's sermon. Says, "Again, the next day after John stood and two of his disciples, and looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, behold the lamb of God. This is the ministry of the spirit of Elijah. This is John the Baptist fuller running the first coming. And what he says is, "Behold the lamb of God." And this is verse 37 that we all must take heed to. And the two disciples heard him speak and they followed Jesus. What if? Could it be? What if? Right. Could it be that there has been a declaration, behold the lamb of God, and some people are just still following John the Baptist? But those that heard him speak were convinced of the truth of his testimony, his witness. They followed Jesus. So now they are following Christ. And Jesus turned and saw them following and saith, "What seek ye? Why are you following me?" They said unto him, "Rabbi," which is to say, "Be an interpreted master. Where dwellest thou?" I want to know where does this guy live? I want to see his house, his neighborhood. Has he been on uh the lifestyles of the rich and famous? We want to see where he lives. He saith unto them, "Come and see." And they came and saw where he dwelt and abode with him that day. So they're tearing with him. They're journeying with him, for it was about the 10th hour. Now, if you follow this story, here's two disciples that are following the forerunner. The forerunner says, "Here's Christ." And they immediately start following him. They spend this time with him. They see who he is within his home, within his house. They abode with him. And verse 40, and one of the two which heard John speak and follow him was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. Think, listen to this now. Verse 41, he knows this is the Messiah. and first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, we have found the Messiah, which is being interpreted the Christ, and he brought him to Jesus. This is Andrew being convinced that this is a Messiah. Andrew and Peter had followed the prophet for some time. They were disciples of John and they knew that John was leading them to something. And now when he was convinced that John's ministry had been fulfilled and had pointed him to this, he went and his first concern is for his brother who ought to know who would be the one to receive these things. He finds Peter and he says, "We found the anointed one. We have found the Christ." And he doesn't just tell him about him. He brings him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, "Thou art Simon the son of Jonah. Thou shalt be called Cphus, which is by interpretation a stone. He was convinced of Christ and then he wanted to share his understanding, this witness with his brother. And brother Benham uses this scripture in the three different places that he ministers on the thought convinced and then concerned and convinced then concerned. He says, "It's our duty the pe to the people really to tell the truth. It's our duty to tell the truth because you're going to meet it again. We have a duty to tell the truth because we're going to meet it again. And we have a duty to tell the truth because others are going to have to meet that. He says, "This is just a little stay." I like how he describes our time on earth. Just a little stay. That's eternal there. Let's stay with it. Tell the truth and be truthful about it. There's a challenge. A lot of times we tell the truth, but we are just really careful in the way that we share it because we want to be able to use that truth for our own advantage. And we have to be careful to be a true witness that we're not deceitful even with truth. He says, "Tell the truth and be truthful about it." Yes. Concerned. First, before you get concerned, you have to be convinced you are right. Then when you are convinced that God is right, please just follow this. When you're convinced that God is right and God is in you and God did such great things for you, then you are sure. Reminds me of the wonderful sermon Brother Eleer ministered on what it really means to be blessed. And that that that distinction between blessings, which we could all experience. And as I listen to it, my wife listened to we listen to it together, we realize that we could almost get to where it's like we say so often how blessed we are by the things that God gives us. And we were we're it's true to call those things blessings, but what how are we truly blessed? Because God is in us. Amen. And him being in us, blessed be the name of the Lord. When he gives blessings and takes them away, we can say they're both blessings. God gives us something. Oh, that's a wonderful blessing. He takes it away and says, "That's a wonderful blessing." But we're blessed. God is in you. Done great things for you. And you're sure, you're certain. You see your brother in error, you're going to tell him about it. If there isn't, then there's something wrong. There's a song uh it's very it's well written and it's very lyrical and it says you know I want to be like Jesus when he knocked over the tables and used a whip. I want to be like Jesus when he said the Pharisees were hypocrites. I want to be like Jesus when he w I want to be like Jesus when he's the life of the party turning water into wine. Right? And there all these ideas about Christ. And so we might read this like yeah I could stand in line to tell my brother he's wrong. Are both of them going to be there? But it's not in that kind of attitude, right? When you're convinced of the truth of something, then there has to be some understanding of the consequences. So, it's not like this. Well, I'm really going to show him he's ignorant and he's Pentecostal and he's Catholic and he's going to follow that Chicago style pope to the grave. No, there's this idea that there's something wrong and their soul is at stake and that if you don't want to share it with them, then there's something wrong with you. says, "That's the truth." He said, "If you see that the church is wrong, no matter you love the church, but he says Christ loved the church and he gave his life for it." There, this leads me to the scripture in John 15. So, hold tight to what he's saying here. Christ loved the church and gave his life for it. And we're supposed to do the same thing. Now, don't I'm still on this statement here and convinced them concerned. Says we're supposed to do the same thing. not only supposed to but we will if we got the love of Christ in us. Now your burden is not to give your life literally and say well I fulfilled the cause of Christ for my life. We ought to be willing to we ought to be willing to be martyrs but what is it that brother said? The deceitfulness of this age is that they won't take your life. The deceitfulness of this age is they would cause you to believe that you're doing good and you're doing evil. We're supposed to do the same thing. In other words, love to the point of sacrifice. Speak ye the truth to every man. In other words, we ought to have that kind of love in our hearts. We're willing to risk being unpopular to speak truth to risk the displeasure or even rejection out of love for the one who's in error. Not only are we supposed to do it, but we'll we will if we have the love of Christ. It constrains us, as the scripture says, he's quoting it. It constrains us and behooves us to do so as Christians. The love of Christ not only constrains us to keep us from acting out of turn, but it behooves us to act to provoke unto love and to good works and to speak on behalf or even live as an example for those who are in darkness. John 15:13, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself for it, greater love hath no man than this, that a man laid down his life for his friends. Greater love hath no man than this. This speaks to the greatest love which Christ had that he would lay down his life for his friends. But what about the love that Christ had for the church that brother Bam saying that we ought to have for one another and that we ought to have to where we're supposed to do the same thing if we have the love of Christ in us. Love is sacrificial. It takes it takes risk. I I often go back through when I'm the Lord's deal with me on a particular subject. I sometimes want to make sure there's not just an echo and I'm not just going back and revisiting things that have been ministered before and I so I'll go back and look at servant titles or notes from a series past and I realize there is a a cycle of themes. Uh and I think with each turn these things should be getting richer and and more first nature. And I don't tire of seeing them in the word of God. And I hope that you don't tire of hearing them because I believe these things are critical or essential to the change. This kind of character that Christ is trying to bring out of us in this hour. And so love is a cons one of those consistent cycles. But brother Bram says and convinced then concerned love is discipline. Can you see those paragraph numbers, brother Scott? Oh good, good. Was fellowshipping and he said he liked it when I included the whole t date and title and all everything because he could take better notes. I thought, man, how do I make everyone happy? And because some people say they like this. So, and I was like, I have enough room to put the date and the paragraph number. And so, I'm using the paragraph number from the table. If anyone's wanting to readily look that up, the table app, a little plug, maybe they'll let me in on some of the royalties. Little plug for the table app. Love is discipline. He says you must discipline people if you love them. And again, it's not like I want to be like Jesus when he braided the whip. It's not that you're going to exert dominance and you're going to prove that you're smarter than them. It has to be done in love. Love itself is disciplined. Love constrains us. Brother Bram says it constrains us. He refers to that scripture says it constrains us. So there is a certain uh rigor and hardship you're willing to endure and things you're willing to be restrained from. And it it love disciplines us, but then it also disciples. It wants to teach. It wants to share. The best teachers are the ones who love the subject matter that they're teaching. The best teachers are the ones that see it more than just a textbook and it's just academic and this is just something to do. You find somebody who's passionate about a subject matter. They don't even have to be degreed, but they'll be the best teacher because that's what love wants to do. It wants to teach. It wants to share. It says here that it will discipline. It'll teach disciples. What shall we do? Speak truth to every man to his neighbor and hold no evil thoughts in his heart towards his neighbor. Galatians 5 13-15. For brethren, you have been called unto liberty. Only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh. I wonder how many have used this as the uh the witching wand to go to Liberty University. But don't use going to college as an occasion to the flesh. He says, "But by love, serve one another. We have liberty, but don't use this liberty to be self- serving." You have truth, but be truthful about it. You're a light, but not to gather moths to your flame. There's a reason why God has done this, and he's set you so, so that you can by love serve others. And then this phrase and is often visited in the New Testament. For all the laws fulfilled in one word, even this one saying, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." The entire law hangs on this word, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." He that despises his neighbor sinnth. He that has mercy on the poor, his neighbor, those that are less fortunate, the poor is hated even of his own neighbor. But when it comes to a Christian, he won't hate his poor neighbor because he he's mercy on him. And the Bible says, "Happy is he who has mercy." Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Why are you happy? Because you're doing the will of God. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. But if you bite and devour one another, take heed that you be not consumed one of another. Bite is evil speaking. How do you bite? It's not with literal teeth. Can't remember right now who it was. But I remember when Elliot was really really little, under like one years old or something like that. He went up to another little baby in the church and we're like, "Oh, that's so cute. He's giving him a kiss." And then he backs up and there teeth marks in the cheek. It's like that's a pretty aggressive kiss. But that's not it's not the physical biting. It's the words. Bite is evil speaking. A deceitful witness. Not speaking the truth every man to your neighbor. When we are not truthful, when we bite and devour, that's that railing, that clamor, that uh criticism, we're consumed. What are we consumed? By the lies and the contention. The phrase to bite and devour one another. Take heed that you be not consumed one another. It's an image of animals of prey attacking and devouring one another. It's a battle to the death, trying to get the advantage. You're out to kill me. I better kill you then. But now he's saying that you to love truth and if I could put it this way and love your neighbor by living truthfully. We have been given liberty to by love serve one another. So not only do we love truth, we're lovers of truth, but we also live truthfully. Have a heart of feeling and love. So what are these things? Love thy lord th Lord thy God with all thy heart and thy neighbor as thyself. As brother Vincent said, I feel that there's nothing more genuinely artistic than to love people. Something at the heart of God. Isaiah 1:7 says, "Learn to do well. Seek judgment. Relieve the oppressed. Judge the fatherless. Plead for the widow. We ask ourselves, what what does God want me to do? Speak truth every man to your neighbor. Learn to do well. Learn to do good. Seek judgment or justice. Relieve the oppressed. It means to correct the oppressed, the wicked, those who are in error. Correct it. Judge the fatherless. Take up the cause of the orphan. Defend the widow's rights. These are things that we're ought to we ought to do. Now, for those of you who are starting to think, is this one of those woke services? No, this is just biblical. Sometimes there's a scarecrow that gets lifted up and about socialism and and all sorts of things and there's issues over immigration and it just get everybody riled up. But, you know, there's a truth to the Bible that we're to seek justice, correct oppression, take up the cause of the orphan, defend the widow's rights. What we see today in the erosion of certain things and the battle over them and the solution to solve them is because Christ has been thrust out and it's left to political minds to try to deal with the fallout and they all have their ideas on how it should be done and they're all looking to serve themselves. But there is a a heart of the believer to do these things. Ephesians 4:32 says, "And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." To be kind, to be merciful. Kindness is akin to mercy. It's a word that's often interchangeable. Have mercy towards one another. Be kind one to another, tenderhearted. It's a heart of feeling. You can be touched with when someone else is going through some something. You're not callous. You're not embitter. You don't despise your neighbor. We forgive one another as God has forgiven us. Peter says it in 1 Peter 3:8. Finally, be you all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be merciful, be pitiful and courteous or considerate. These are instructions to us as Holy Spiritfilled believers. I know that when we wake up on the wrong side of the bed and we uh we're moody or we're going through something or things aren't right or we're in a lot of pain and we have a bad attitude. Uh these things are very very difficult to think that we can achieve and these are certainly not things that we can achieve within ourselves. I think the best image we could say is whenever we are being told to say sorry and we really don't feel like we're sorry. So what is it we say? I'm sorry. Right? That's not how this ought to be. But we should have love in our hearts where we can be compassionate for others. We can love as family, as brethren. We can be merciful. We can be considerate. This consideration is so great to where we'll even be willing to not do things for the sake of somebody else or do the right thing for the sake of somebody else. Vincent Van Go wrote this. So these are these letters that I was drawing from the very similar same ones. He says it is good to love as much as one can for there in lies true strength. And he who loves much does much and is capable of much. And that which is done with love is well done. If some of you only know Van Gogh as the painter who cut off his ear, there's a lot more to his testimony. He's a pastor of a church. His father pastored a church for uh much of his childhood and I most of his life and he loved the Lord though tortured and though battles with mental illness he wrote when he wrote he's often with every phrase it's scripture it's a hymn something from the Bible and he's drawing this theme not from some other painter of that time or philosopher but he says it's good to love as much as one can for therein lies true strength and he who loves much does much and is capable of much and that which is done with love is well done using these scriptures to emphasize the heart of a witness. Micah chapter 6:8. And he showed me, oh man, what is good? And what do the Lord require of thee? Remember how we've read already where it says that what are we to do in Zechariah? And it tells us uh how that we ought to love and and what we ought to do in Isaiah. Now in Micah, it says, "But to do justly, do what is right, and to love mercy or to love kindness, and to walk humbly with thy God. To love kindness and diligently practice it. To love faithfulness." These aren't just uh words that make for beautiful embroidery in someone's powder bath or guest bathroom. These are very real things that God has showed me what he requires for me. He wants me to do right. He wants me to love mercy and diligently practice it. He wants me to love faithfulness. And he wants me to walk humbly with God. Romans chapter 13:es 89 and 10 owe no man anything but to love one another. You only have one for sure debt to somebody else, and that's to love them. We have no other obligation than to love. For in that is fulfilled the law. Oh, no man anything but to love one another. And he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. No other it could be said that he whatever you do in love is well done. He who loves much does much and is capable of much. Because he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not kill. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness. Thou shalt not covet. And if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. If we truly had love at our core and in our hearts, we would not kill. We would not steal. We would not bear false witness. We would not covet. This is why all the commandments can be summarized as thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. For verse 10 says, love workketh no ill to his neighbor. Therefore, love is the fulfilling of the law. One of the great poets of our age or the 20th century said, "Apart from love, there is no belief." With if there's no love, there's no faith. Beyond love, I think he says, "By beyond love, there is no belief. There's no faith beyond love. There there's there's no kindness, compassion, charity, no charity beyond charity. Love workketh no ill to his neighbor. Therefore, love is the fulfilling of the law. In John chap 21 15 16 and 17, Jesus before his ascension is sitting with his disciples after his resurrection and before he ascends. So then when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, remember it was Simon Peter that he first that Andrew had witnessed to and testified to. And he stayed faithful all these years. He says, "Simon son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these?" And I know there's something to the fact that Jesus asked if he has this agape love for Christ more than these other things. He says, he said to him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I feel love thee." He saith unto him, "Feed my lambs." I just want you to catch this principle here. He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Saith unto him, Yay Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, feed my sheep. There is a distinction. Saith unto him the third time, Simon the son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he had said the third time, lovest thou me? And he said to him, Lord, thou knowest all things. Thou knowest that I love thee. And Jesus saith unto him, "Feed my sheep." Feed it means to keep. He's saying, "You have a duty to promote the health of my lambs. You have a duty to the welfare of my sheep. If you love me, feed my sheep." What is it we say? Even brother Brandon said, "If you love me, the best thing you could do is do something good for my children." Amen. There's ways that we can be offended often and we we can handle it. But when it comes to our wives or our spouses, our kids, that's sometimes that it's really hard to look past that. So when you if you love someone saying if you love me then keep the lambs, keep the sheep. Brother Bam references this scripture in the sermon convinced then concerned. Jesus said if you love me feed my sheep. He said, 'Now, that's where I think we failed a lot is feeding his sheep. If you love me, feed my sheep. I'm wanting to draw from this principle from the sermon. I'm convinced of truth. Truth is in my heart. I I have truth in my heart. Now, possessing truth and being convinced of it. I'm concerned for those who are outside of this truth. I'm concerned for those who could benefit by this truth. And brother Brandam in preaching this uses this thought because he's preaching convinced then concerned. And he says, "Here's where there's a problem is is if you love me, feed my sheep." Today, it's almost share my sheep. Get them into a place and take everything they got and make them pledge their home and all of their age pensions and everything else. Talk about a sharing. Jesus never said that. It's remarkable just how quickly, whether it be the message or Christianity is turned around to where you serve the church and not Christ. And you make all sorts of pledges and commitments to the church and to the ministry. And I'm going to lift up the hands of the ministry and I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that. And everyone is serving and at at the same time sacrificing their families all in the name of serving the church. And what's happening is the church is shearing the sheep and not promoting their welfare. That is right. I'll turn it around. Not to necessarily uh take away from the type, but I believe that what my job is as a pastor when I come here to ministers, I'm lifting up the hands of the ministry. You, the pastors in the homes, the head of the houses, the priests who are going to leave here today and going to do more work with your families than I can accomplish in a sermon. So that's the role of the church. That's the role of the priesthood to lift up the hands to help. He says, "Talk about a shearing." Jesus never said that. But it's gotten to a place to where it's take, take take and it's sometimes asked of you and you give it willingly. And that's not what God wants you to do. In 2 Thessalonians 3:5, it says, "Lord, direct your hearts into the love of God and into the patient waiting for Christ." I remember when I was just finalizing my notes yesterday afternoon, it was at this point that I was uh begin to remove some things and maybe I could have kept them in there because the question would be should we end early so we beat the crowds or preach long enough so that they're gone. I don't know where are we at on this? Anybody where when are your reservations? The Lord direct your hearts into the love of God. It's just desire that he would that we would be conducted by directed by his love. Let the Holy Spirit operate in our hearts to express the heart of God. And it says, "And into the patient waiting for Christ," it's not so much that we're waiting patiently for Christ, but that we could also demonstrate Christ perseverance. as he demonstrated this patient endurance, we likewise would do the same. Lord, direct our hearts, it's at the heart of it, into the love of God. And the sermon convinced then concerned. Brother Bam says, I believe that every man, every woman, every boy or girl that ever stays long enough, he's talking about how Andrew terried, how that they these uh they had tried with Christ and Andrew terried with Christ had been with them was convinced that he was then concerned. He says, "If you stay long enough that you're convinced that it's right and it is the Holy Ghost, you are burdened so hard in your heart that you can't stand still and let these people die like this in shame and sin. It'll grind the very heart out of you." Wednesday night, I'd like like to get into that marking angel who is marking those who are signing and crying for the abominations of the people. What that heart ought to look like. I know there's an attitude where we're blushing at sin and sometimes we're just uh whether it be pearl clutching or it's righteous indignation, but where is the praying and the crying over it? He says it'll grind the very heart out of you to get out there on the streets. It does any Christian to see people wholly given over to sin. We ought not to become numb to it and callous. There's a lot of things we've done as survival mechanisms. a lot of things that maybe don't bother us. And I don't believe that we should be just always creeped out, our skin crawling and unable to conduct ourselves a as as sane, sensiblely human beings out in society. But we ought not to get so numb, we can't be grieved for it, can't be moved by it. He refers to drinking, gambling, cursing, swearing, smoking, and there's a litany of things that we could add to that. But if you're concerned, if you're convinced, then you're concerned. In other words, you're burdened in your heart. You have a heart that has feeling. Do you understand the the the angle that I'm trying to just emphasize in this moment that if we're going to witness the message, our hearts have to be right. There has to be some feeling for the person. There has to be some empathy. And I'm not even talking about being a witness in terms of, hey, let me just talk to you about the word of God or the Bible says this is wrong. Just in your life, you have to have a feeling for others. This feeling I believe is demonstrated as God has used the example of David and the feeling he had for Abselum. this tender-heartedness and these things that we've read believe it's demonstrated as the heart of a parent and I think it's appropriate to minister on these things on Mother's Day because in Deuteronomy chapter 32 10 and 11 he found him Jacob his son found him in a desert land in the waste howling wilderness he led him about he led his children about he instructed him this is what a a a mother does within the home this is what parents are called to do to lead to instruct He kept him as the apple of his eye. And he says, "As as an eagle stirth up her nest." This is a mother eagle. Flutterth over her young, spreadth abroad her wings, taketh him, beareth them on her wings. This is what Christ, this is what God did to Israel. God in the scripture uses the love of a mother to awaken us to his love. How that God would not forget us no more than a mother would forget the child that she nursed. God compares his heart here to the heart of a mother eagle. Matthew 23:37. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that klest the prophets and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gatherth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not think of those psalms over and over about gathering under his wings. It's that illusion to that mother who will protect, who not only protect, but she'll instruct, she'll lead about, she will feed. She flutters over her young. God as a parent busies himself over his children. I want to in closing, I would like to use this example of a mother's love as the heart of a true witness. Brother Brandon when he's preaching convinced and concerned he says if your daughter's out there making mud cakes I think it is out in the street or Johnny or whatever and the some of the tellings of it. He says if they're out there in the street they're going to get hit by a car then you're concerned and you do something about it. So that's what a real parent is going to do. They're going to rescue that kid from the danger. Not just say oh well they got to learn lessons. You know they're going to have to learn it somehow. The Lord kept dealing with my heart over and over again on the story that I think most of us if not all of us here are familiar with. But brother Bam tells the story of the conversion of a hunting buddy he had when he was a young man. He refers to him in one place as Harry be call. There's two different ways that the name is spelled even in the message the table or at least in the message uh software I use to search and but he called him Bert Call. as a young man. He was out hunting with him in the Northwoods or Maine and New Hampshire in that area and it he's hunting with him and brother Bannam talks about how that you know he's a conscientious hunter and he's hunting for a c specific reason but in the telling of it how many here just by show of hands know the story that we're talking about. Oh, good. So, everyone's uh most of us if not all of us are on the same page here. But brother Brandham tells a story about how as a young man he was out hunting and that his hunting buddy Bert uh said told him, "Watch this." And he uses an artificial call. He's using a call. He's using it himself. And what it does is it impersonates the call of a wounded fawn or imitates the call of a fawn. And it's done to specifically provoke a dough or a mother deer to be drawn and attracted to that sound. Bert's wanting to be a false witness. And in the telling of the story, Bert uses that call and it provoked this mother deer to expose herself to harm. The the mother deer knew there was hunters there. That's why they hadn't seen her as of yet. That's why it took that use of an artificial call. And so it wasn't that the the mother deer's just coming along and didn't know anything, but there's some sensitivity to the fact that there's danger present. But that call used by Burke call and I don't think there's any there's no connection there. Is it spelled two different ways in the message and I haven't been able to find any record of this person. Brother Bam does see him many many years later in a meeting. He calls him Harry call. So it's not like Albert Lincoln call or anybody like that. It was a specific friend who might have just shared some similarities with somebody else. But he's uh and he begins to use this call. This deer knew there was danger. Knew that there was a chance that these hunters would shoot at her and she risked it anyways cuz the heart of a mother was that could be my child that's calling. And brother Brandham when he tells the story says he's waiting for that gun to go off and he was waiting and then he was waiting and that dough willing to risk her own life for her child led to Bert's conversion and many years later we find that he's still serving the Lord coming to brother Bram's meetings mentioning brother Bram do you remember that dear it's that moment that turning point in his life must have had quite write a testimony based upon the way brother Brandham described it. But as a young man, his life changed and by what? Brother Brandham says it in many, many different places. The witness of that mother. The love that that mother dear had for her child testified to a sinner. That's the love that we ought to have on our hearts. That's the witness that we ought to have. Brother Brandham in the sermon here ye him when he told this story of this he says would you like to have a real love for God just as much love for Christ as that old mother dear had for her baby. Notice the the orientation here that a a mother dear a natural animal who has a love for her child would respond to something and it would provoke and call out that real genuine love she had for her fawn and that would be a witness to a sinner. very real event. And he said, "Now, wouldn't you like to have that kind of love for Christ so that when the moment called for it, your love for Christ would expose you as a true witness, willing to deliver a soul, regardless of what the consequence may be, you have enough love in your heart to stand true for Christ." Amen. Brother Brandham says that could face death or regardless of what persecution or what people thought you could stand in the faith and give a witness for the glory of God. That's at the heart of the art of witnessing is love. There's this at the heart of a witness is this conviction that God's word is true and he's worth risking. Risking persecution or what people thought. Not so much to save your skin. You could keep your mouth shut and save it. But such a love for Christ that it draws you out into the open. Draws you out to be seen. Puts you in a position where others could take shots at you. But there could be a sinner nearby who sees the love you have for Christ. And that's what wins them over. If we could have our musicians come. Brother Brandham here ye him says the love different places here this is a different one he says the love that that mother dear was displaying she couldn't help that that's the way it has to be for us to where we can't help it she was a mother let me tell you brothers and sisters when the people who belong to the church of the living God will display real Christian love it will conquer more sinners than all the other things you could put together I don't know brother brand what if we lined up all our prayer lines end to end. He said, "No, a real display of Christian love will conquer more sinners than all the other things you can put together, all the other programs, going out buying tamboots and tambourines and going on the street corner and plucking some Cochman songs, hoping that somebody hears it, is drawn to the melody, and then I could scream over a loudspeaker, "Abortions of the devil." Right? and we're going to win a lot of souls. He says, "More than any of those things put together, real Christian love will conquer sin and others win [Music] sinners." One more statement to read. It's from here ye him, but if you could just consider this in your heart because brother says, "And I pray that and I want this to I want you to take this to your hearts today, Lord." As we pray this, as he's speak he's speaking to the Lord, I want you to take this to your heart. He's praying. says, "I pray that to this very hour that you'll send the Holy Spirit into their heart that'll give them the love that'll make them stand just as true to you as that mother dear did for the baby." You're you said you're most of you, almost all of you said you're familiar with the story. At that heart of that mother, she was a true witness. She faced knowable danger and in doing so was a witness for Christ. And it was that love Bert said that display of love melted his heart. The display of love. It wasn't that he used the call to take some game and brother Brandham said, "All right, here I'll show you how it's done." A and Brother Brandham took it more ethically and he's like, "Man, you know what? You're a good Christian guy. You got the bigger buck." No, it was a display of love and it reached the heart of Bert Call. It led to his conversion. Brother says, "Give them that kind of love till they'll stand true to you as that mother did for her baby. Grant it, Lord. May they live such lives of discipline." From this on until all this city and around cities where they live may say when they pass down the street, "If there ever was a Christian, there they go." for the sweetness of that person. Though they don't belong to my de denomination, but yet they're real Christians, they are sweet and kind. Take it for what he means. Thou hast said in thy word, you are the salt of the earth. But if that salt has lost its savor and God, and this is a real kicker, he says, I'm afraid that's what's happened to the church. It's lost its sweetness. It's lost its love. It's lost its influence to bring sinners to you. That's right. Ah, not so fast. We're there and church is growing. He says, just taking in a bunch of members and baptize them and let them live in the world and their influence has corrupted the church. [Music] Churches have swelled, not grown. The real growing is through the influence on sinners. Maybe it isn't the way that Andrew recognized this is the Christ. And he went and told Simon, "This is the truth. The master is come and call it for thee. This is the Messiah that we long awaited for." It's only by that heart, the heart that's convinced of truth and with love in your heart that you can have a real influence to bring sinners to Christ. This is a challenge. This whole series this year has been with the inspiration of what does Christ look like today? God being the ultimate artist. How is he trying to render you, paint you? What portrait is he displaying out amongst the people where they could look and see Christ today? And he says it's lost its love and its influence to bring sinners to Christ. Lord, I don't want to lose my influence. I want I want to be an influence to lead others to you, not just to church. And there's such a vast array of this benefit in being a witness. We may say, well, that person uh doesn't believe this, doesn't do that, doesn't come to church, doesn't do this. What about healing? What about deliverance? What about peace? What about wisdom? There's so much that we could be witnessing. So much that we can be here for for others. And I want God to give me that kind of love for Christ that that mother dear had for her. just as a heart of a mother. She couldn't help but be that. Lord, I I want to have that kind of liberty in my heart to love. Let's stand to our feet. Let's pray together. We may not be early enough for the crowds or late enough for them to be gone, but enjoy your time together today with family. Let's bow our heads in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's such a wonderful privilege to be gathered in your presence today. [Music] If we just did a simple query, Lord, and whatever engine we might use or AI model to try to uncover and source all the references in scripture to love and kindness, hundreds of statements, Lord. So there is this apparent theme and there's some of the obvious scriptures and characteristics, but you liken yourself to love. God is love. You're likened to light. And Lord, it challenges us then that if we're to be your light now, we are light in the Lord. Then Lord, it means that we must have your heart. We must have your mind. And it can't be watered down Christian Scientist love. It can't be wokeism. It can't be just some liberal social pandering. Got to be real, Lord. Real genuine concern as the result of a real genuine conviction of truth. I know that our first influence will be in our homes. Our influence will be in a church and maybe those that we homeschool with and homeschool groups and those that we come in contact closely with family. And it would be even in those places, Lord. We want to be a witness. We're to be witnesses first at Jerusalem. We're to be witnesses abroad. As the prophet prayed it, may we have such love in our hearts that in our cities and the cities round about, wherever we are, we could be a witness to the glory of God. I pray that you would encourage mothers today whether regardless of where they are in the stage of raising their children. Maybe now their children have moved on. Maybe grandparenthood is on the horizon. Whatever it might be, Lord, may there be an encouragement for their role that they have in expressing genuine love and care and concern. Encourage them today, Lord, as this is their day. ism. Over a 100 years ago, the government pronounced this day to be Mother's Day. May May they feel a special blessing and Lord in type in parallel. May we as believers have such love for you as it was demonstrated by that mother dear that we could lead others to you to Christ to see not condemnation but genuine conviction melt all the defenses and all the stubbornness of even the crulest person. Bless us today as we worship you. Be with those that are soon dismissed and their family gatherings. May you be with us. We pray in Jesus name. Amen.
