################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Relatable - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Relatable
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kRfvuknqLU
========================================

Description:
Relatable
Sunday Service: June 1, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So 1 Corinthians chapter 9 19-23. One more birthday shout out to brother John. He's a real precious friend. He's like family to us. And today celebrating a birthday I may be back home in Texas. So happy birthday to him. 1 Corinthians chapter 9 19- 23. It says, "For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all that I might gain the more. And under the Jews, I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews. To them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law. To them that are without law, as without law, being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ, that I might gain them that are without law. To the weak, I became I as weak, that I might gain the weak. I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some. And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be a partaker thereof with you. Amen. You can be seated. My title is relatable. And that's just a one-word title, relatable. And in expressing this uh we're going to be picking back up on uh the service we ministered on, real, relatable, and relevant. that was just approaching different aspects of witnessing as we've been wanting to look at witnessing. I think we started this on the art of witnessing and how that there's uh these elements of being real uh relatable and relevant and those things can be applied in different ways but it's even speaks to the character of our testimony and what we speak to. When we ministered on the Wednesday before we left uh last week or a couple weeks ago, we were looking at real as in being the difference between the reality of God and what man perceives and he experiences. And brother Elizer when he was ministering he was saying that you can't really know God. He says we only know him in the sense that he allows himself to be known and he wants to be known and so that once God has made himself known to you that he's the only one that is in fact real brother said reality only exists in God. So that divine eternal reality when God lets us know about that that's those are the things that are real and those are the things that are true and then everything else may be true or fact or a reality but it's according to man's experience through his 10 different senses and there's a difference between that and so what we when we witness we're not just witnessing to hey there's a new diet drug out there that's really going to calm down the food noise or this is that and we're witnessing to something naturally but we're speaking of a reality beyond our flesh and that as believers, as born again believers, you're actually standing between a divine reality or heaven and human perception. And and so you're you're going to face the world with all of heaven behind you as God's ambassadors and as God's representatives. And then you're standing there uh between there. You're you're actually the veil between heaven and earth because you're tabernacling deity. And those are some of the principles that we were exploring in real. Now relatable as we look at this relatable has can have two different applications and in that you are or the word can kind of mean two different things and so we have it here just kind of summarize that you can be relatable or it can be relatable in the sense that it's capable of being related and like that sounds circular but it's in other words it can be it's it's able to be declared. It's something that can be made known. there's some things that maybe we've seen or we've experienced or there's something that we might have some knowledge of. It's like well tell me what did you see? It's like you can't describe this. It's it's impossible for me to relay that. So if something is relatable it can be related or told it can be declared. The word itself has its roots in in an offering and a giving. And then also if something's relatable as in terms of this adjective is it's easy to relate to. say well someone says well I had a flat tire this morning and I had to uh I had to change my tire and you can say well I can relate to that I I can it's easy to sympathize with or identify with. So if something is relatable you can tell it and if something is relatable you can sympathize with it you can identify with it. Now so in this sense I want to just spend a few moments on saying that we must know Christ in a way that is relatable. In other words, we must know him uh such that he can be related. He can be declared by us. That we're not just pointing to a Bible and we're not just saying that, "Oh, well, this is the truth." Uh I find myself wanting to say, "Brother Elazer said, Brother Elzer said,"But when he was preaching, he said, "You can't just know God by the Bible, even though he is the word, but you can't confine him to that because you can't know him outside of revelation." And so, we're not just saying what somebody else said and we're not just trying to read scripture and we're just convinced that this is the truth. Uh but there must be something that is known, a personal revelation, something that we have seen that can be I authentically declared by us. In John 15:15, he says, "Henceforth I call you not servants." And I think this is important uh because he's going to change relationship with them. So that there's this he's relating to them differently. Henceforth I call you not friends. For the servant knoweth not, excuse me, I call you not servants. For the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth, but I've called you friends. So now Christ is changing this relationship to them. And he says, for all things that I have heard of my father, I have made known unto you. This is the dynamic. God's made the father has declared things to me. He's relayed things to me. He's related truths to me. And so Christ related what he understood. He's sharing these things that he knew beforehand so that they might also know. The things that I know from my father, I've made known unto you. He says, "So I'm going to call you friends so that there's you can relate to me as a friend, not as just a master and a servant relationship, but you can begin to think differently about me as God has disclosed things to me and I know these things. Now also, I'm going to declare and it's relatable. What he's told me is relatable. I can declare it unto you. Ephesians 1:es 17 and 18. Paul's prayer for the church at Ephesus. That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory may give unto you. I just we read the scripture quite often. It's one of my favorites. The spirit of wisdom and revelation and the knowledge of him. These are all things that we desire. And we're not looking at from human wisdom. We're not looking at ac education. But we should desire a spirit of wisdom. We should desire revelation in the knowledge of him that the eyes of your understanding being enlightened. So when we hear uh brother Brandham say, well, you don't have to understand it. Well, he's he's not saying that just take Ephesians 1:17 and 18 and rub it out. He's talking about in an intellectual sense, in a human capacity, you don't need to understand it. And also, you don't even need to have perfect understanding spiritually in order to believe it because faith is something that that knows on its own accord. It's a personal revelation. And then with that anchor and with that foundation, we want the spirit of wisdom and revelation and the knowledge of him. And that we can have our eyes of understanding enlightened that you may know what is the hope. And maybe just jot this down in a margin of your notes so you can see this. What is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints? And he keeps going and it's several verses before you really find the period here. But this is something saying,"I want you to know these things as uh reliable witnesses in the sense that it's real to you. You've seen it yourself. But now in the sense to where this is knowledge that you have that is so real to you that there's a way that it can be conveyed itself." Philippians 3:10, that I may know him. This is what Paul desired for himself. That I may know him and the power of his resurrection. That's something only God can do. Raise the dead and the fellowship of his sufferings. This is something that God condescended to being made conformable unto his death. What Paul wanted to know here is not tell me more facts, tell me more details. He wasn't sitting at the feet of the apostles and saying now what was he doing on June 1st and what was he doing this day and that day? But he wanted to know him more deeply and more intimately. This is something that I may know him that the there can just be this further uh development of a knowledge of God. Not that he would ever exhaust it, not that he could ever contain all of it, but he wanted to know him more. So there I just share that that little bit so that we could have this understanding that Christ must be relatable to us and that there there must be this knowledge, this revelation, this understanding that we have that can be declared. Now, before you think, wow, do I have to be able to explain this? Am I going to be tested on this? uh I'm going to pass out the blue books and you're going to have to write a five-page essay on who Jesus Christ is. No, but that it's something real to you. Therefore, you're there's a glory that's in you. There's life that's in you that then can be expressed through characteristics. And so, it's something real, tangible in you as a faith and as a life. And therefore, you know Christ, you know him. That's what you're anchored in. And therefore he is to you something that you identify with, something that you know and can be comp capable of expressing. Now I want to look at this in a different aspect and it's drawing from maybe one of these other uh same uses but now just in a little bit different way. We must ourselves now having been awakened to a divine reality we still need to be relatable and to be able to relate to others. So there has to be you want others you want to be others to be able to relate to you relatable to others and you should be able to have a feeling and relate to other people so that the gospel can be related by you. So you want someone to uh brother man was told if you can get the people to believe to believe you have confidence in you nothing will stand in your way. Amen. And and that is something that he said was one of the hardest things you could do is to get another mortal man to believe and to listen to another man. And so it's a difficult thing. But when someone can relate to you and oh well he's a human being he's he suffered like I have or he's been here he's done this uh then that's an important component. And then when you as the one who's conveying truth are going to be the one that relates when you can relate to others and you could say well man I know exactly what they need and that's a swift kick to the shins and and then you realize well you know what that's probably not what's best for him and that's maybe not the way I should go about this. Then when you begin to enter into somebody else's suffering, it makes you more a more effective witness so that you can relate Christ to others. This is how Paul put it as we read it already in 1 Corinthians chapter 9. I'd like to just go ahead and reread these verses with you. For though I be free from all men, so he's not a servant to man. He's not into bondage. He's not a slave of any kind. And though I be free, I use this liberty. Yet have I made myself servant unto all. I take my liberty to serve all that I might gain the more. The concept or idea here is not just winning friends and influencing people, but it's a concept of souls being saved. Gain the more. It's winning souls to Christ. Verse 20. And unto the Jews I became as a Jew. This is how he says, I I've made myself servant unto all around the Jews. I became as a Jew that I might gain the Jews. Follow what he's saying here. Gain the Jews means get their confidence. Minister the gospel to them. See that souls are saved from them. To them that are under the law as under the law. To the Gentiles who are without the law who've now observing uh Judaism or even Christian Gentiles who are now still trying to keep the law. He says as under the law that I might gain them that are under the law. To them that are without the law. As without the law. He knows how if he's with Jews, he's going to kind of relate to Jews. If he's with the Gentiles, he's going to relate to Gentiles. And he says, "Then them that are without the law, without the law." And then there's some of us here who are thinking, "Yes, yes, I'm going to be a witness in Vegas. I have my I got my calling this morning, Brother Aaron." And but he says, "Being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ." Amen. So he was not going to do this at the expense of confusing the gospel or not obeying Christ. He still was subject to Christ in obedience to his word. But why is he doing all this? That I might gain them that are without law. Continues to the weak became I as weak. He didn't posture himself to be appear stronger and more revelated and and more articulate. And he didn't try to position himself as the know-it-all around those that are weak. But he actually became weak to them. that there's times maybe we're tempted in ourselves to try to come off as we got all our stuff together and we're really strong and we've never gotten sick. We've never doubted a day in our lives and you get around people saying, "Man, I'm really going through it. This has been a really hard week." You suffer and where's your faith, man. Come on, suck it up, buttercup. You know that you're the bride of Jesus Christ. You shouldn't be acting like that. You like, man, I know what it means. He said, I became weak to the weak. Why? That I might by all means, he said, that I might gain the weak. Amen. If you if if the weak don't think that you understand them, they're not going to be selling what you buying what you're selling for strength. If they don't if they're not if they don't feel that they're understood, if you're not relating to them, then do you really even know what they need? But he says, I became like them in some sense. I became as weak that I could save a weak soul. Then he summarizes, I am made all things to all men. That may be the phrase that you're most familiar with. I am made all things all men that I might by all means save some. I'm not going to be able to save all. I'm not going to be able to save every soul. But if I could just save some, I'm willing to humble myself, be more human and vulnerable so that I could save some. And this I do not for his own sake, but for the gospel sake that I might be partaker thereof with you. Amen. The Living Bible translates some of these verses. I was going to read the whole thing, but one says, "Whatever a person is like, I try to find common ground with him so that he will let me tell him about Christ and let Christ save him." He's looking for common ground, some relatability. I do this to get the gospel to them and also for the blessing I myself receive when I see them come to Christ, a partaker with you. He's saying that he assumed, if we could even just use maybe geometry, a shape or form. He assumed every shape, every form in order to be relatable to others and to relate to them, but yet he maintained his faithfulness to Christ and stayed true to the word. He wasn't doing it outside the nature of Christ. He wasn't saying, "Well, I became a sinner. I became a drunker." We were uh Preston and I were listening to uh the radio and a lawyer came on and he said I'm so and so and I I sue uh uh truck drivers and u Preston thought he said drunk drivers and so he says a lot of you don't know this but my dad was a a truck driver and he's like his dad was a drunk driver. He's like why is this lawyer throwing his dad under the bus? And uh and so there was uh I don't even know why I'm telling this story. Where was I? But uh it's not that we would become truck drivers or drunk drivers. We have to become something else. But we have to be able to find this common ground. I find common ground with them. To the Jew, to the Gentile, to the to the heathen, to those under the law, without the law, he became agreeable to the Jews. He became agreeable to the Gentiles. He observed th those Gentiles observing Jewish customs that he's rejected. And even to the heathen, he became agreeable. One translation says, "And so by agreeing I can win their confidence and help them too." What was he doing in the circumstance and the situation depending on those that were in front of him? There was some adapting or accommodating, but the goal at the whole time was to reach the lost. Wasn't to blend in and be confused as a heathen. It wasn't to blend in and go right back into being a Jew again, but the goal was to reach the lost. He says for the gospel sake to promote its success to the the utmost of his ability. I want to do this so that the gospel the word can be effective. Even conformed himself uh uh to the feeling of each one of these classes to what? To win some. He did this not to fit in. He didn't do this for his own popularity. He didn't do it so that he could uh kind of be all things to all men and just be some sort of maven. he could just get into every circle and take advantage of social relationships. His he had the gospel in mind. Now in the sermon God's covenant with Abraham and his seed, brother Benam around these paragraphs, he's delving in this a little bit more in this aspect of his relationship to his wife and how love is expressed. He says filelio love and agape love as we've said is are two different things. says, "But when you divinely love Christ like you love your wife, only it'll be greater, higher level than this is down here." So he's talking about Felio and Agape. And he says, "Oh, don't worry. You'll be about the father's business, trying to win souls and pray for the sick and do everything you can because you love him. You want to please him." You see the kind of the foundation, the area he's dealing in that if you really love God, then you have a burden for lost souls, right? Um you want to pray for the sick when they're not well. You want to do everything you can because you love God. You know what his word has empowered you to do. You know what pleases God. So love is what causes us to have a burden to be a witness to save to save souls. We're not going to work our way backwards into that. So I just want to be a witness. No, you love God. Therefore, you you want to please him. So then he immediately says, "Oh, you think, God, I know where there's a fellow that I believe that I could lead lead to you and away you'll go and talk to him in a nice way." So you have a burden. Lord, lay some soul upon my heart and love that soul through me and let me ever do my part uh to win that soul to thee. So he says, you have somebody. Oh, I know somebody that I could lead to you. And you go talk to him in a nice way. How do you do, John? He says, I want to talk to you tonight about going fishing. And we like that. Don't we like this? Where's William when you need him? You talk to him about going fishing. Yes. Oh, I love to fish. He says, "Talk fishing to him for a while. Talk about his chickens or whatever whatever farming he's doing going to do for a while." Oh, there used to be a time that chickens were I thought maybe more of a rarity, but man, everybody's raising chickens. I don't know if it's the price of eggs or what it is, but everybody's got chickens, it says, or farming or whatever he's doing going to do for a while until God opens up the way and gives you a chance to send home the gospel. So the basis is not, oh, I know John really needs the Lord. Knock knock. Who's there? Your last chance sinner. Your last chance sinner. Who? Sinner you. You know, it's not it's it's hey, let me talk to you about farming or fishing or some common ground, some basis. And then through that camaraderie, through that commonality, through those things you're talking about, you watch God. He says, God open up the way and give you a chance to send home the gospel. Then when you win that soul, you present it before the father. Like I said, I did that little present to my wife here. Father, what happiness you do it because you love it. Not a duty, but a love. So when we love the Lord, we have a burden for lost souls. We want to see that others can come to know the love of God as we do. And therefore, we have this sensitivity that as I talk to people and get to know them. And if I'm ever really going to be an effective witness, then I'm I'm not trying to lead with, well, have you ever had an abortion? How were you baptized? And have you been married before? And do you have this? You don't need to lead in with those things. That's right. In Matthew chapter 10:16, he says, "Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves." Thanks, pastor, shepherd. I send you forth. I'm commissioning. I'm sending you. So, this is something he's doing. He's sending them and he's apprising them of the dangers of ministry, of witnessing, of living in a world uh that is sinful. I send you forth and you are going to be as sheep in the midst of wolves that would want to destroy you. He's he's kind of raising the spectre. There's going to be persecution. So he says, "Be therefore wise as serpents and harmless as doves." Quite a statement, but there's so much in this word picture that he shares with us that there be wise as serpents. It kind of conveys this sense of being sharpsided. You have kind of this wisdom, this little circumspectness to where you're very cunning about your own protection. I know, you know, snake snakes get a bad name and it's not not Genesis chapter 3 really doesn't do them a lot of good, but you know, serpents get a bad name, but you know, there's when a snake coils and starts shaking its rattle, they're they're kind of letting you know, hey, leave me alone, right? I I I I don't want to have to defend myself. And you'll find a lot of times with nature that when whether it be a moose or it's an elk that when they're really really aggressive or bear, they're trying to protect something. And so when he says to be wise as serpents, you you're using wisdom and cunningness and you're sharpsided about your own protection. So there's some idea that I I I need to as Paul was going to be a Jew to the Jew and a Gentile to the Gentile and a heathen to the heathen that there was some sense that no, I'm not going to allow myself to be harmed in this. I I I want to protect myself even in the face of criticism and persecution. I'm not just going to open myself up to to a beating. But then he says harmless as doves. So that in your kindiness, you're free from this cunning and craftiness that would harm others. So you're sensitive to your own harms, but then you're also sensitive that you wouldn't harm others. You're avoiding traps, maintaining innocence. And one one commentator said it's this unflinching zeal and calm discretion. So you're you're intent on you're passionate about the word. You're you're you're going forth as a sheep in the midst of wolves. So you're going to be very cunning. You're going to be very sharp. You're going to be sharpsided. You're going to be very careful not to put yourself in a vulnerable situation, but you're not going to be so bold and hard-headed that you would harm others. Brother Ram takes this scripture and he uses it a number of places and he uh and and many times, but just in this context, I have a couple places to read to you, but he says in the greatest battle ever fought, he says, "No matter how wrong they are, let's not dysfellowship or disassociate ourselves with anything as long as we can win a soul. So this is that this um uh qualification. No matter how wrong they are, let's not dysfellowship or disassociate ourselves with anything as long as we can win a soul. Let's go in with wise as a serpent, harmless as a dove, and try to win every soul that we can. So he uses this, behold, I send you forth into the midst of wolves. But guess what? Some of those wolves are sheep and wolves clothing, so to speak. So, I'm going to send you into the midst of wolves, but there's other sheep. There's other seed. There's other people that can benefit from the gospel. I would even go so far as to say that the wolves could benefit from the gospel. Learn to be more tame and and less hostile and and get along with everybody. But he's saying that there's something that we can do to be wise as a serpent and harmless as a dove in being an effective labor for the gospel to win souls to Christ. when he's preaching Hebrews series in Hebrews chapter 3. This is a lengthy statement as we'll read it and just stick with me. I want to read through this. He says, "Our religion is not in vain. It's absolutely the resurrected Jesus Christ." Same thing. He says, "Now we must not neglect it." Right? There's something it's real to me. I know it. It's not vanity. It's the resurrected Christ. He says, "But we shouldn't neglect it." Now, just don't go away from church today and say, "Well, I kind of enjoyed going down there. I like the singing and the people are friendly around that little old church." Don't do that. Don't call this a little old church, you know, just a little little mission on a corner, whatever they might want to say. Said, "But and just I like the singing. The people are friendly." He says, "Don't do that, brother. Let your heart become a flame." Say, "Here, I got to do something about this. I got to get out and see if I can get somebody saved. So this this is it's not just that that was fun. That was nice. And and I don't believe he's just saying here that you should come to church and then be like, man, I I just want to get somebody to church. He said, I want somebody to know what it's like to have their heart on fire. Your heart become a flame. And this is I got to do something about this burden, this weight I feel. And then he cautions and don't go out saying bless God. If you don't repent, you're going to perish. No. And in one statement, he has ended all street corner witnessing that we've ever seen. Amen. Right? Because they all have signs that say you're going to hell. You know, not even if you can't repent because of what you've done already. He says, "No, that's not the way to do it." He says, "Go at it gentle." And all the noir maga people said that Jesus or that brother Brandham is soft, but he says, "Go at it gentle. Be as wise as a serpent and harmless as a dove." So, he goes right back to Matthew 10:16. He says, "See, that's the way to go." I hope you're listening listening to what I'm saying. I'm trying to use these things as as teaching. If he's raising chickens, talk about chickens to him for a while. Maybe God has allowed all our neighbors to start raising chickens for eggs so that we would know how to witness. So, how much are your eggs? Trader Joe's raised their prices. How much are you charging for yours? And and so, he says, "Oroach the person. If they're raising chickens, talk about chickens for a while. And then first thing you know, you'll be talking about the Lord. That's the other part maybe we leave out. We talk about chickens and LeBron James and everything else, but we never get to the Lord. If he's a farmer, talk about his farm. If he sells automobiles, talk about his automobiles for a while. Notice this idea that these aren't the categories where it's like, do you raise chickens? No. Okay. Do you do you sell automobiles? No. Do you farm? No. Sorry. You're not a candidate for the gospel. No, he's saying find something common ground. He says, "What nice cars you got, the better to race you with." And so forth. He says, "Till you catch the spirit." It says capital S. "What nice cars you got." And so forth. Till you catch the spirit. So he could talk to them about things. And the spirit here, he says, "When the father says, so there what you're catching is not necessarily theirs. You're already doing that through finding common ground." And maybe you talk to people said, "Do you like to fish?" No. Mm- don't don't like to fish. thing is harmful to animals. Uh, do you have a car? No. I believe it harms the environment. Do you raise chickens? No. That's cruelty. Do you farm? I'm kill a seed. No, I never did. You're like, man, this guy's a tough nut. Right. But he's saying that you once the spirit opens up. He says the father says now's the time to approach him about his soul. And that's a key component here. You can wind it off. And this, he continues the conversation. That's a fine automobile. You know, you've never said that in your life. Have any of you ever said that's a fine automobile? You will now. You know, transportation today has become great. Oh, how the nations been brought closer together and the cities of our nations close together. Friends and mothers can visit each other. You know, it's wonderful thing to have automobiles like you're selling. Yes, sir. It sure is. Uh-huh. Says, you know, puffing on a cigar, whatever it is. Yep. Them is good cars. He's just relaying. He's just giving you an example. Do you ever think of what the old-timers would have thought if they had seen something like that? Just keep going on like that. You know, after a while you say, "Yep, sure is." You know, another thing it does, it brings like we're having like a revive. It brings like in revivals. People can come across the country quickly for revival. He's just giving you a really good 1957 example of how that you can bring it around to church. And brother Micah can say, "You know what? I can actually keep working as I drive to church in my Tesla uh because I got it on autopilot." And isn't it great? See, you don't even have to worry about church driving to church. You can do something else. you've owned a Tesla and you can just use that uh to uh uh to drive you to church and you can keep working. You don't need to spend as much time as you used to. He's just giving you some example that you could contact their spirit. He says, "You're opening up the way all the time." You know, maybe that should be our goal more often when it comes to the camaraderie we have with professionals and other people is that I'm looking for an opportunity, Lord. I'm not just small talking. And I'm not just trying to get their attention and just enjoy some banter and some rap parte with a stranger, but I'm looking for an opening. He says, "You're you're opening up the way all the time. You know, if you feel something chalk up the way, he spelled ch C ch H O C K. So, it's getting chocked up. It's being clogged up the way. Stop right there. Move over here." And he says, like a doctor said out at Phoenix, said, "Lord, fill my mouth with good words and then nudge me when I've said enough." He repeats it. Nudge me when I've said enough. So our desire is now to when being wise as serpents and harmless as doves, brother Bram uses this at least in these two instances about witnessing and getting to know somebody. So I want to talk to somebody about fishing, about farming, about chickens, about automobiles, about something we can find some common ground or show some interest in the person and who they are and what they're going through and what their lives are like. And this doesn't have to be uh you know ambushing somebody at the grocery market. This could be people you have a normal ongoing relationship with or some sort of contact with, but you're asking all the time, "Lord, I want to Is it time to say something? Is there an opportunity?" And you're looking for that chance just as he said it in God's covenant with Abraham and his seed. You talk about fishing till God opens up the way and you get a chance to mention the gospel. Here, it's even less subtle. It's like, you know what? These cars have allowed us to have special meetings at when we have special meetings at our church, people come from all over. That's a 1957 example. There may be a way to where say, you know what, with the technology nowadays, isn't it amazing that you can just stream a service, you could catch it on archive or there's sermons, 1,200 sermons of somebody that used to take up a whole library and you there's just ways that you could begin to explore an interest. Lord, fill my mouth with good words and when I've said enough, nudge me. He says, "Nudge me when I've said enough." Amen. If I could put it this way, I know it's kind of serving my title, but it is a way of relating to others where you are finding ways that you could sympathize, if not empathize with them. And not only you learning to relate to them, you they raise chickens, they do this, they have these hardships, they go through things, but you're also becoming relatable to them. You show an interest in them. You become more human to them. They say, "Yeah, well, this I've done this and I've done this. Oh, yeah. I used to I used to raise chickens. I used to sell cars or I love to go fishing, you become more human, more identifiable. And I would say the the the more that you are allowing God to live through you and the more you're yielding to Christ, the more alien you're going to be to the world. I and there's things that you don't do and things that you shy away from and ways that you might act where they're just like, "And this guy's just some sort of Autobot, like whatever. I don't know what he is." But then you become more human. You're like, "Oh, okay. This guy's actually he actually is human. He's not a religious android. They can identify with you. In first Corinthians chapter 14:1, he says, "Therefore," and he's talking about speaking in tongues, but I just want to use this in the context of relating to something. He says, "If I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian." So though the one is speaking, and to the one that's speaking, it's clear, it's articulate, he knows what he's saying. But the one that's hearing, if he doesn't know what's being said, the listener appears to be barbaric to the speaker. And he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me. So they're both pointing at each other. You barbarian. And a barbarian just simply means one who speaks a strange language or foreign language which is not understood by the hearer. So just by speaking in a way that cannot be understood or that is foreign, you look at the as the one by the one speaking. If that person is not understanding what you're saying, what are you going to begin to assume about him? You're speaking a language they can't understand. And since they don't understand, you're like, "Well, this guy's he doesn't know anything. He doesn't care. He's a barbarian." And then he's looking at you saying, "I have no idea what you're saying. What do you mean the token capstone pool? Seven seals. I've been to SeaWorld. I counted more than seven. When are you going to preach on the seven seas?" And there's this uh in Arizona it's the five C's, right? Five. Am I right? Yeah. So there's there's things that we could be saying and speaking and we become a barbarian. In Proverbs 12:18, there is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword. There's a way to speak. There's a way that we can talk. There's a way that we can share things that are damaging, that are hurtful, that are piercings of a sword. But the tongue of the wise, be wise as serpents and harmless as doves. Don't speak things that are piercing like a sword. You need to repent or perish. You're going to die. No. Go gentle at it because there's a way that you can speak that actually pierces. That's intentionally offensive. But the tongue of the wise is health. There's a way that you can speak that brings promotes healing and understanding where you're not a barbarian to them. They're like, "Well, this guy's using a language that I could understand and therefore they can hear you." In 1 Peter chapter 3:15 says, "But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts and be ready always to give an answer to every man." If I could just maybe draw on 1 Corinthians 14, you need to be able to answer in a way that everyone think of it this way. Sanctify the Lord God in your heart. So you have to do that first. Sanctify your hearts and be ready to give an answer. Be ready to answer every man. that askketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear, your answer should be with meekness and fear. You're answering the question of hope. Therefore, what struck me as I was reading this last week is that to the one that asked, the every man that asked, there's some recognition of your hope. You're relating in some way through action, through abstinence, uh uh through some uh some some testimony of your life. Even if it's just your words or praying over food, you've demonstrated something to where you've related a hope. So, they want to ask you about the hope that is in you. There's some awareness then of your hope. And then at the same time, in answering through meekness and fear, we must have some sort of awareness of their hopelessness. That the reason they ask is because they want to know that hope. there's something even unknown to them. They're saying, "Well, what is it you believe and where is it you go to church and what is it you're doing?" That there's some asking of the hope that is in you. And to answer every man with this reason, our answer must be in terms that they can understand and relate to in order to give them hope. There's certain thing I just there's there's a million things that maybe pop in my mind, but like if I was told that the reason why you have hope is because you had to go skydiving, I have to think about that for a while. Okay. I kind of like being hopeless. Do it something you you frame it in a way where it's like, ah, you know, that's kind of a that's a tough hill to climb. I don't know if I can swallow that. That you're you're not wanting to offend with your answer. And in this I I'm I'm I'm nearly finished here. Very vague, but nearly finished. And so I I want to convey this that in becoming relatable or relating to others, we're not striving for ourselves to be received. I'm not being relatable so that I can be your buddy or your pal. I'm not trying to be relatable so that I can you can accept me into your click and I could be a Jew with the Jews and a Gentile to the Gentiles. It's in no way that we're doing this so that we can get more clout ourselves. But our desire is that Christ could be heard. Our desire is that in some way we're relating Christ so that he can be received. When somebody asks, you know, what's this hope that you have? I want to be able to answer in a way to where Christ becomes I'm relating Christ and Christ becomes relatable and even attainable to where they're like that's what I need to do. I need to recognize my own sins. I need to call upon the Lord. I I can be baptized and I feel this conviction or these are something this is something you could read. Why don't you come to church? There's ways that they say this isn't my way out of this sin. My way out of this darkness, my way to have the hope that you so accurately demonstrate this confidence you have in the Lord is I can I can do this through coming to know Christ myself in I was fellowshipping with uh our esteemed dean this morning on this concept but in marketing and uh advertising relatability is a big thing. I've read where it's called the X factor of brand success. It's a cornerstone uh to successful marketing. Relatability. And I we could get lost in the weeds on this. But relatability is the art of connecting with your audience. Relatability is the art of connecting with somebody on a personal level. And this is what social media advertising and marketing and SEO optimization and the algorithm. That's what the algorithm is wanting to do. It's wanting to know you so it can begin to relate to you so that it can manipulate you. Ominous music's playing in the background. I was reading where one of the most important skills in storytelling is relatability. Connecting with people on a personal level. That's what we're that's what I'm highlighting today is we are ambassadors for Christ. All of heaven is behind us. You're the image of heaven. Amen. You're you're you're you're the front of the house. You're the you're the curb appeal. You're what everyone's going to see. You're the pictures that God has put in his uh his verbbo listing of what heaven's going to be like. And could you imagine? You've all looked. You try to find a place to stay and you're like, these pictures are so horrible. Why would I ever stay there, right? And you don't want to be a picture of heaven. It's like, I'm going to have to spend eternity with that guy. Hell sounding sweeter every day, right? You don't want to be that guy. And you also don't want to be that guy that you made it look so nice and pretty and they follow your lead and they end up in hell because how many Airbnbs have had really, really good pictures? You're like, you should pay your photographer 10 times what you're paying them. We must we must be relatable because we are representatives of Christ. In 2 Corinthians chapter 3:2 it says, "You are our epistle written in our heart." Paul has a burden on his heart. He's conveying this through letters. They read the letters. They process it. They assimilate the words into their hearts. He says, "You are this burden I have in my heart, but you are now written." So now we're being written. You're known and read of all men. Known it means to be recognized. It's to perceive, to be read. It's to distinguish between, to know accurately. In other words, I have a burden in my heart with this gospel. Now you have become a living epistle known and read of all men. So if you're known and read of all men, you catch that. That means the word is living in you in a way that a man can know what's being lived. known in read. It's It's not It's not so much that it's in a foreign language. It's not some sort of cipher uh uh where you're trying to solve who the Zodiac Killer is. It's something where I'm living the word of God that man, if he's hungry, can look and see and know and read about Christ. Amen. The word then live through us is this burden Paul had as he writes as we've received the word for our day. Word live becomes easy to relate to. Yes. To sympathize with or be identified with. It is in a way advertising. It is in a sense that marketing that Christ is doing. Now you have this personal intimate revelation of Jesus Christ. It's yours forever. You can't lose it. New birth cannot be reversed. It is a seal of God. You're uh you're an heir of et of the resurrection. You have eternal life in you already. That's something that you have. And it's it's something that is so supernatural. We might find in ways, well, how do I how can I even convey this? And so our prayer is Lord, I want to live a life that would make others desire you that could give hope. It's one of the things that has become a huge burden to me in thinking about this is you see so many people without hope and you want them to know hey things can be all right no matter what it is and I don't need to say well you I got three words for you William Miam Brandom like it's not even in the sense that I'm thinking that somehow coming to the message of the hour is going to solve all their problems but I want people to know that are in dark situations and terrible family situations and health situations and finances and drug addictions and all sorts of things. Hey, you know that there's there's a God. There's a gospel. There's a word that can deliver you. There's power. There's a power of God that can raise you up out of depression. There's a God that can restore you even from suicidal attempts. There's a God that can give you grace for your financial troubles. There's a God that is bigger than everything that you're facing. And you want to be able to convey that in some way. Amen. Yes. in the sermon, let your light so shine before men, brother Adams, uh, the subtitle, I think maybe spoken word publications had originally called this God's billboard. And listen to these statements he says, and there's some more that I'm leaving out. If you want to go back and listen to this, this is one I was pulling heavily from, and it, Lord willing, on Wednesday night, we'll speak about um, along these similar lines of relatable and uh, relevant. And he says the first thing that advertisement does and he makes the point he says do you realize that the world has capitalized on this dynamic and they're using it and so he takes it and he says now if the world uses this to such great success brother lawyer we're already working on like part 87 of a series on sales maybe we could do a SAS series the we've already had too much SAS in that way but cells as a service like there's things that we could do software serve. There's things that you could tie in in a type for all of our professionals here today. But it says the first thing the advertisement does the individual passing by has to see it. You remember his inspiration for this was the sign that we've probably many of us have seen the one word on the billboard with the question mark hungry. I remember seeing it as a kid driving to San Diego from Texas. Just one word. He says it has to be seen. That's why the placement is is in ways that it's it catches the eye. Now, the only way that the world will ever see Christ is when they see it in you and me. That's the only way they'll ever see Christ. Think of how the the way he's put this. Their conscience are so numb to the sunsets, to call the birds, to the leaves, to the grasses, and to the flowers, and to the music, and the message and so forth that we enjoy after we found Christ. This is so real now where everything is synthetic and virtual. Everything is inside. There's such a a loss of connectivity to so many different things and even a redefining of these things. There's such a numbness to where now we begin to relate that the world is cut off from God. He says, "But until we get to a place that we display Christ, remember that." He says, "Each one of you from tonight on remember you are God's billboards." And you are God's advertising agent. Hey, what do you do? I'm in advertising. What are you selling? Assurance, right? Are you God's advertising agent? He says, "That's what you are. You are God's advertising agent." the world will look at you and see what Christ is. So, we don't want to smear a big lot of stuff on there that testifies about things that we really are not. Something to think about, right? That's why the the the joke is whenever you see, you know, somebody in one uniform using the services of a a competitor and you're like, "Oh, well, you know, why is this guy from Pizza Hut eating over here at Chick-fil-A?" But he says there's uh we don't want to smear a big lot of stuff on there that testify about things that we really are not. Let's first be that and then when we be that then the world will see Christ will see Christ in you and me. You're God's billboards. Therefore, God wants you to be seen. He wants you to be his advertising agent. He wants it to be accurate. He wants it to be done in a way to where that sign that said hungry made you think I am in fact hungry. That's the whole uh modus operandi to all marketing is to make you think I need that. Right? As we are watching it on our brand new phone I need a new phone, a newer phone. It's the way that the world works. Brother Brand's making this parallel. Says, "Well, they've capitalized on it. Shouldn't we be doing the same thing? We ought to be able to answer to anyone who askked us of our hope. What is the hope of our calling? Why? Because we've been it's being made known to us as Paul prayed for the Ephesians church that you may understand what the hope of your calling is. So it can be related. It can be relatable. In Colossians 4:6, he says, "Let your speech be always with grace." such a a parallel to what is being said in in uh about us being in in in Peter in first Peter ready to give an answer now to the Colossians Paul in his way says let your speech be always with grace seasoned with salt that you may know how you ought to answer every man. Amen. Now, there's a a whole line of sermons that you could go down just to deal with salt, but salt preserves. Salt enhances flavor, right? We should be the salt bays of the message. He says, "Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you ought to answer every man." It's your speech that becomes seasoned with grace. It's what you say. It's what you're presenting. It's your life. It's that conversation. Let it be seasoned with salt. Salt so that you may know how to answer again every man. It speaks to being uh it's a relatable empathetic speech. Let your speech be seasoned with salt always with grace. So that what you're saying in some ways it's preserving what is said. It's enhancing what is said. Speech should have our our answer of our hope should have some attractiveness. Paul said I become agreeable. What was he talking about? acceptance to it. Now, you're not changing the gospel. You're you're not looking at somebody going, "Hey, we have basketball on Thursday nights, right? Like, that guy's tall. He'd be really good on my team." We're not just trying to find a way uh to manipulate and be contrived with it. But we realize there's there's life and death is at stake. And I don't want to be unnecessarily offensive. I I don't want to posture myself as being more revelatory and knowing this and and let me prove that this is wrong. Sometimes that's the the the worst thing we could do is just to kick the the foundation out from underneath somebody uh without the proper context. They're just thinking, "Well, you've ruined my paradigm, but I'm certainly not going to accept yours because you're the one that destroyed mine." I'm going to spend the rest of my time trying to find a way to destroy yours. And it creates a very negative dynamic. So you're thinking in a way of Lord, I want to be an effective witness. I want to be able to relate to what they're going through. I want to be able to speak in a way to where it preserves the truth of the gospel, but it also enhances it in a way that it's attractive and there's some sort of desire that they would have. Maybe I could put it this way. Learn how to read the room, right? And know your audience. And to do that, you have to humble yourself and not make it all about you. make it all about your church or making it all about proving something's right, but recognizing there's life and death at stake. And how can I talk this person down from this death trap that they're in? Get them to see that there's a loving God who could rescue them from this darkness. Brother Random in the sermon, let your light so shine before men. Again, this is from God's billboards. You see the paragraph number there. He says the first thing we we're reading in another place says the first thing that any advertisement with any advertisement the person has to see it. So we'd already read it previously where he said the world has to first see it. The individual has to see it and that's the only way that Christ can ever be seen. He says the next thing they have to want it right they have to want it. Amen. That that means that when you advertise, you don't advertise the worst steak ever unless you reference the Yelp user who left the review. There's a way that you you're not going to advertise and say, you know what, our food comes from Cisco. You can get the same thing two blocks down. There's there's a way that you it's advertised that you make them want it. And this is just basic marketing 101, but he says they have to want it. Now, if they see it and don't want it, then that's different. But you haven't put a vain advertisement out. He says, "But if they have first have got to see it and then we've got to make it so attractive to them." Oh, I love if anybody thought I was out on a ledge and talking about making it attractive or enhancing the flavor. I'm just getting this from the message. We've got to make it attractive to them. Are we watering it down? Are we dressing it up? No. We're using wise as serpents. Homos says, "Oh, I hope you see that the attractiveness of salvation. what it does to the person. We've got to attract the world to Christ. And the gospel does have an attractiveness. Maybe that's what we need to pray for is more revelation of the attractiveness of the gospel. Lord, let me take this gospel and learn it. Brother Bam uses the example of how the the lamps when there was a contest, he just gave them all away. People used them and they were nice and he sold them. He said he won the contest. Why? The product spoke for itself. And maybe we need to learn more about the word of God, learn more about what it does and become more in love with it to where it's like it almost becomes instinctive. Not many people know me for very long without they know what kind of socks I wear. Where is this going? Well, I really like Marina wool socks and and a big believer in their durability and the fact that they don't smell. And I've told people, I'll buy you a pair of marina wool socks, work boot socks. you can wear them for a month and don't wash them and you could take them off fresh and sweaty and hand them to me and I'll and I'll smell them and I said if you don't like them I'll buy them I'll buy them back from you or I bought them for them. I said if you don't like them I'll pay you to get them back. And so there's things that we're passionate about in life, right? You know you know like people who use Android, you know how don't you don't have to ask, they'll tell you, right? There's just things that you know and they're going to let you know and they're going to declare it to you because they're passionate about it and they love it and there's a sense and a feeling they have and they're evangelists for it and they're going to share their enthusiasm for it. Maybe that's what we need to do is just dig a little bit more into the word of God and find how useful it is, how applicable it is, fall more in love with it to where we can say, "Hey, this is the attractiveness of the gospel." He says the gospel does have an attractiveness. It has to it has it to those who are hungering for God. I love the the caveat of the qualification that you're you're not just going to get anybody to want it. Amen. But if they're hungry, it only attracts those who are hungry and thirsting, and that's the ones we are out for. So, we're we have we're intentional about making the gospel attractive for those that need it, that want it. No man can come to me except my father draws him. But there's so many that the father's drawn and are hungering and thirsting to find God. And they don't know where to find him. Amen. Because those who are supposed to be billboards are so smutted up with the things of the world till they can't see where they've got anymore that they've got before they till they can't see where they've got anymore than they got before they come to him. You see what he's saying? They can't they're not seeing the difference. They don't see the distinction. They live like the world. They talk like the world. They sing the same songs the world does. They dress like the world. He says, 'I mean especially the female sex and they act like the world and they go to worldly places. They attend the worldly entertainments. There's no difference. There's no distinguishing. There's no life lived by the word that declares the difference that's being made. We ought to know how to answer every man with the speech that is with grace seasoned with salt in order to attract those who are hungry. That's my that's my idea that you say that's what my my desire is in living the word. And if I ever speak about it, if I I ever feel that uncction, I'm not just trying to impress somebody with what I know, but I'm sharing this just to see that if there's a hunger there, it could provoke something and lead them to something. I feel that that uh that opening up that channel to bring home the gospel. I'm sensitive to those opportunities because I need to find those that are hungry. So therefore, I want to be able to know my word well enough that it's I can relate to it and it can be related in a way that can be attractive to the one who wants it. They want it. They actually want what you have. And it's it should be an easy sale. So what gets in the way? He says it's the mixed messages that we send. It's the fact that we're trying to sell them on peace and we're just so ranting raven mad about Kla Harris. Like I don't know that you got peace there, pal. But the Bible says in Matthew 5 13 to 16, ye are the salt of the earth. I believe we begin this line of ministry on witnessing with these scriptures. Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? You are the salt of the earth. You should have wore your shirt, brother Philip. Salt and light. You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? What? What in in the earth? What in the world is going to enhance and preserve? It is thenforth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trodden under the foot of men. It's lost its quality that makes it valuable. becomes no different than dirt if it loses its power and its effectiveness. Then he says, "You are the light of the world." The seed that is said on the hill cannot be hid. There's so much we're just uh glossing over in a way that it's this rich, beautiful picture that's painted. You are the light of the world. Musicians, you could come to your instruments. A city that is set on the hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. This is God's billboard. This is a this is a call uh to be God's advertising agent. I have a responsibility to the word which has redeemed me. I have a responsibility to the Christ that has saved me. I have a responsibility to Christ that has not only healed my body but saved my soul. Responsibility to Christ who's given me this peace that I have, this discipline I have in the word. This one that rescues me from all my mistakes. the one that is patient with me when I've sinned and I've made mistakes and I've gotten cold and I've done this and I've done that and I've gotten and this Christ who's been patient, persevering, his love's never given up on us. He's stayed with us through all these years, decades of serving God and we make terrible mistakes and we do things we shouldn't do. God hasn't written us off. He's still right there loving us and receive us. I have a responsibility out of love. I have a love duty to him. I'm a prisoner of God to where I want to be his witness. Amen. I want to make the gospel attractive not to the world. But to the one in the world that wants it. Amen. I'm not I can't I'm not going to I God help me that I don't get so blinded by certain things I in in in elements to where I I I I just I want to please and I and I want people to be happy and and watered down the Bible to where then we could just say, "Well, it's really just an allegory. Things didn't literally happen this way and this person didn't really exist." this, but we're extrapolating from it these principles and these teachings. And really, it's it is a work of man and and there really is no God or Jesus Christ. But there's there's really not a better way to live, people. And turn it into a philosophy. No, they think it's only the realities of it. It's only understanding the realities of it and the truth and the absolute of it that's ever going to make you an effective advertising agent. Because you do realize we're not just adopting a better practices. This is life or death if it has been in fact made real to me and I know it. I want to be that salt, a drawing agent. I want to be that one that attracts. I want to be a city set on the hill. I want to be positionally placed as a candle in a dark room. And I want my light now ye are light in the Lord. I want my light to shine that others who are hungering and thirsting for God could by my witness and my testimony turn to him and glorify God for his great salvation. Add another candlestick to the lampstand. Place another city on the hill. Add a little bit more [Music] salt. Brother Benham says this. He says, "We are not his salesmen. [Music] making this point. We're not his salesman. We are his billboards. Don't think we are his salesman. He don't need any salesmanship, just billboards. It's the salesmanship that's got us in trouble because a lot of ministers think they're working on commission. They want their name at the top of the board, right? They're comparing how many uh walkers they've thrown away or crutches they got stored up somewhere, right? They're they're looking at the optics of things and there's they're measuring things and it it's [Music] self-promotion. Says we are his billboards, not salesman. All right. I'm just a canvas, Lord. Advertise you. I I I don't even need to talk. I don't need to speak. Let me be that lamp, Lord, that you can place in a dark place. Let me be that lamp that you can get that you can shed abroad into the world. And others would say, "I want that. I want what you have. I I'm going to be honest. Is it making sense to to us? Do you understand what my burden is? I I I know I'm not sweating as much as maybe you want your preacher to, but my heart is enthused for this gospel. It's very, very real and it's relevant to the time we're living in. Though it might seem to be antiquated some of the examples of farmers and automobiles and revival meetings, but it's living in you now, updated, but the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same Christ living in flesh today. And we are his billboards. Don't try to be a salesman. I promise you that if God was if I was tasked to providing for my family through sales, we would starve. I'm not a salesman. I can hardly return, you know, send back a steak to the kitchen that I'm paying $50 for. Sales, I pick up a phone call and call. I got phone anxiety, social anxiety. I don't answer the phone. I started a law practice and I hated answering phones. It's like, what? You're never going to be successful. All your clients just goes to voicemail. I loved it when they started transcribing voicemails. It's like, I don't even have to listen to voicemail now. I can just read it. I I'm not a salesman. I I I've never been good at it. There's a lot of things I ask my wife to do because I think she's better at it. I'm like, "Honey, can you call them and see if we can get this to comp? Can you do this?" Because I just if I ask somebody say, "Can we do this?" No. I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry I even bothered you. I'm not a salesman. So, I'm glad that I'm not having to be a salesman. Listen, there's a grace that's ministered in this. You're not trying to sell somebody. You don't have the the clothes or whatever. You're not trying to look for that special hook or the sizzle. And you know, like if you if you give your heart to God now, we'll throw in a new iPhone, right? You're you're not trying to you spice up. You're just a billboard. Your life is an advertisement. I know the peace that God gives. I know the grace that God gives. And how how are we going to how how are we going to advertise it? By giving it. By showing it. By living it. God, help us to do that. To be relatable. God, help us. Let's stand. So much more to be explored in this. Lord willing, we'll speak on being relevant. uh a lot of things the relationship that God in flesh needs to be relevant uh for the want the need that a person has so many things that we could look at do you want to be a witness you want to testify of the good things that God's doing in this day that we're living in that he's doing in your family doing in your life say Lord help me I don't want to just I don't want to be I don't want salesmanship I'm not trying to outdo anybody not trying to get a greater commission Lord I just want to be your witness. I want to be your servant. God, make me a billboard. Those themes of billboards, ambassadors, a a signpost, that's what we are. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for just the comfortable presence that you brought today, a settling. Lord, I appreciate the opportunity as a pastor just to be able to speak to the people in a way that is uh personable. Lord, in doing so, I would never want uh to send mixed signals or be casual about the gospel, [Music] but maybe unintentionally, Lord, there's there's a desire to be relatable, to make the material plain known and read. [Music] Lord, I just even hearing the testimony of how Gabriel Donaldson enjoyed the service Wednesday [Music] night. Lord, those things are that's encouraging to know that the word is reaching all ages. It's catching attention. It's it's becoming applicable. Lord, I pray for myself, for my family, my wife and I, my children, that we could even as we travel, make the gospel attractive in the way that we handle disgruntled travelers, the way that we handle rude desk agents, and the way that we respond to difficulties and crisis. Lord, may we just demonstrate a peace that passeth understanding. May we be those rocks in times of trouble where we could say, "Hold hold steady. There's a God that's with us." Lord, may we as a church be a billboard where there's salvation and healing and we're not just paying lip service to your presence, but Lord, we have received. Welcome and received your word and you're here. You've [Music] come, but now is you are now here present with us. May we be accurate reflections of that presence, Lord, in our homes, on our jobs. Lord, I I I see room in this church for new souls. I want to use that baptism, oh Lord, not only for our children, but for the lost. And may our hearts be open to you that we can be discerning as we interact with people. Not that we give ourselves over to worldliness, but we can become relatable. But Lord, help us to be more sensitive for that opportunity to turn it to you so that it doesn't just become too much world. [Music] Lord, maybe if we are talking about LeBron James, we could talk about why his nickname is King James and it turns to the Bible. There's ways that we know we could do it. Lord, help us to be better witnesses. We love you. We commit ourselves to you today in the worship and the post that you would just be present with us. We love you and we ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
