################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-29 - Modern Mediums - Modern Mediums.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-29
Title:   Modern Mediums
Speaker: Modern Mediums
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3d9nioStWQ
========================================

Description:
Modern Mediums
Wednesday Service: October 29, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So 1st Samuel 28 6 to verse 20. And when Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by yim, nor by prophets. Then said Saul unto his servant, seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I may go to her and inquire of her. And his servant said to him, Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at Endor. And Saul disguised himself and put on other raignment. And he went and two men with him. And they came to the woman by night. And he said, I pray thee divine unto me by the familiar spirit. Bring him up whom I shall name unto thee. And the woman said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath done, how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards out of the land. Wherefore then layst thou a snare for my life to cause me to die? And Saul swear to her by the Lord, saying, As the Lord liveth, there shall be no punishment happen to thee for this thing. Then said the woman, "Whom shall I bring unto thee?" And he said, "Bring me up Samuel." And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice, and the woman spake to Saul, saying, Why hast thou deceived me, for thou art Saul? The king said unto her, Be not afraid, for what sawest thou? And the woman said unto Saul, I saw gods ascending out of the earth. And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man cometh up, and he co is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel. And he stooped with his face to the ground and bowed himself. This this is such a remarkable circumstance, especially this part. And Samuel said to Saul, "Why hast thou disqued me to bring me up?" And Saul answered, "I am sore distressed, for the Philistines make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answereth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams. Therefore I have called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do." Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dust thou ask of me, seeing the Lord has departed from thee, and has become thine enemy? And the Lord hath done to him, as he spake by me, the Lord hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David, because thou obeyest not the voice of the Lord, nor executed his fierce wrath upon him, Amalecch. Therefore hath the Lord done this thing unto thee this day. Moreover, the Lord will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines. Tomorrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me. The Lord shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand uh into the hand of the Philistines. Then Saul fell straightway all along the earth and was sore afraid because of the words of Samuel and there was no strength in him for he had eaten no bread all the day nor all the night. Amen. You can be seated. I know that is probably a familiar story to many of you in terms of Saul going to consult with the witch of Indor. as the Bible says, one with familiar spirits. And you'll probably already make the connection right away, but my title this evening is modern mediums. And I'm using this in a way that's hopefully thoughtprovoking uh modern mediums. We've just uh preached three services in a row ourselves on praying on ignorance, which emphasized the importance of prayer, and then we spoke on the deformation of character uh which emphasized the necessity to read our Bibles. And then we dealt with poison and how that the devil would want to poison us even against the message of the hour. And there's a way that he tries to keep us from strengthening ourselves by the word of God. So Satan is definitely looking for an exploitable disadvantage. It's a disadvantage to us, but it's an advantage that he takes. And so on this subject of modern mediums, I believe this to be another important subject. It's capturing on a lot of the momentum that we've been expressing in terms of seeds being sewn and what it produces. And it is a subject that's very relevant to modern conditions. God's been dealing with my heart uh for quite a while on certain things. And you'll find find maybe towards the end you'll see that I kind of was setting some things up even in the last sermon on poison. So modern mediums is our title. I want to give a definition of a medium. A medium in general, I'd like you to think of it this way. It's a method or way of expressing something. So, a medium is a way things are expressed. A method away or way of expression in art. Uh, a medium could be the physical material that is used to create a work. Paint would be a medium. And clay or or marble, some way that something is made that would be considered uh a medium or it can just be the type of art itself. And you have different arts as far as painting, sculptures, uh even those things we mentioned there, print making. So it's that form used by an artist, a composer or a writer. Those are all terms that we would use for mediums. And I want you to think of those particular constructs or use of that word because it's relevant to the overall subject. When we think of in terms of art and art itself being a medium, it conveys information. Uh it conveys meaning. It's used to express something. And art therefore is a source of inspiration and even influence. You look at art, it's a form of expression. Brother Bam teaches us that behind everything there's a spirit motive and objective. And it may seem to be odd to think, well, behind everything and yes, behind everything there's a spirit motive and objective. And so mediums are even just outside of that form of art. If you're saying a method or way of expressing something, it's a they're an agency or means of doing something. You got the a medium of radio or television, some sort of broadcasting or print. Those are mediums. And then a medium is the intervening substance through which impressions are conveyed to the senses. So that's what a medium can we use it in those sense. So it's through that channel through that way that something has been conveyed to me. Something's been impressed upon my senses. Now if you look at 1st Samuel chapter 28, we look at the witch of indoor. This is another way that we could use this term. One with a familiar spirit could be called a medium. And that's one that communicates between the living and dead. And so if this sounds very appropriate for Halloween, I think it does because we could say this would be the witch of indoor. And she is uh she is one that communicates to the living uh between the living and the dead. So she's a medium uh because she's going to be the source through which something is conveyed and impressed upon the living. Now if we look at verse six, we'll just start in verse six. Maybe we'll read a little bit more before this as we have it here before us again familiar subject but very uh very feel very heavy to impress some things upon us tonight. And when Saul inquired of the Lord the Lord answered him not so he's needing something from the Lord and he doesn't speak to him in a dream nor through the urthuman or by the prophets. Then said Saul unto his servant seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit. I it's interesting that he says seek give me a woman that hath a familiar spirit. You find even brother Brandham points out that women are more susceptible to these types of spirits. And so that puts a a a female a woman in this category of being more sensitive or or subject to these types of influences. Says that I may go to her and inquire of her. And his servant said to him, "Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirited indoor." And Saul disguised himself and put on other raignment. And he went and two men with him. And they came to the woman by night. He said, "I pray thee divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up whom I shall name unto thee." And the woman is very quick to say, "We've been banned. We've been outlawed to do this." And he's uh Saul has cut off all familiar spirits and the wizards out of the land. So now we have witches and wizards. What a service. And and he says, she says, "You're trying to cause me to die." But in verse 10, Saul swears by the Lord that as the Lord liveth, there'll be no punishment happen to you. So she says, "Who do you want me to bring up? Who is this that you want me to conjure up?" And she he says, "Uh, he says," Samuel. But when she sees Samuel, she's horrified because she says, "I see gods coming from the earth." And he says, "Describe to me who it is that you see." But he says, "Why?" She says, when she sees Samuel, she says, "Why have you deceived me? For thou art Saul." So there has been in this instance and to me it just shows there's so this remarkable truth because we say oh well there's no such thing as a soussayer there's no such thing as a wizard there's no such thing as a medium well if you believe your Bible &gt;&gt; right if you believe your Bible there's some uh concept of one who can uh communicate between here the living and the dead or communicate from the dead to the living and and able to find these spirits in a realm that's unseen and be this channel through which information can be conveyed to those who can see, those who can hear, those who are breathing, those who were eating. And that's what Samuel Saul was trying to do. And notice if you look at verse three, the reason why Saul was doing this, it says, "And Samuel was dead and all Israel had lamented him and buried him in Rama, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits and the wizards out of the land." So the wizards are banished, the witches are banished, but yet notice he comes later and he wants to uh seek one. And the timing, I believe the scripture just mentions it. The timing here is very interesting. This is in chapter 28 and it's telling us that he's banished these. And it speaks again to Saul's character, how uh he has banished them, but now he wants to take advantage of him of them. But in chapter 15, when he is disobedient, what is it that Samuel said to him? He said Saul rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft. Showing in Saul's character that he was easy to condemn others for what they would do but not hard on himself when he would sin. And he says your rebellion against God is as the very things that he had outlawed. And in doing that, think of that that rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft that there's there there's some relationship between sorcery and witchcraft and these wizards and rebellion. And so this is him who has banned them out of the land. It's kind of called out for as well your rebellion is just as bad as these other things. But then it says in verse four, "And the Philistines gathered themselves together and came and pitched in Shunim. And Saul gathered all Israel together and they pitched in Gilboa. And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines, he was afraid and his heart greatly trembled." This is a time of crisis. In this time of crisis, he seeks God. God won't answer him. He seeks the pro. There's no prophets. He seeks the yarn thumin. He's trying to find an answer. And when he couldn't get an answer, I want you to think about this and I don't necessarily have an explanation for it because we can say, "Well, God's not answering him. What do you want him to do?" When he couldn't get an answer from those channels that we know God works through, he actually consulted the dark arts &gt;&gt; to try to hear from God. &gt;&gt; He instead of just saying, "Lord, you won't speak to me. Lord, I repent." instead of maybe being honest and saying, "Well, the reason why uh he hasn't spoke to me is because I I I have sinned and it through his humility could say," Lord, I know you've left me and you've banished me and the kingdom is going to be rent for me, but Lord, for the people's sake, for those that would fight, those that would lose their lives for for MY SON'S SAKE, LORD, what should I do in this particular instance?" But once again, Samuel just can't or Saul cannot just cannot humble himself. So he consults what the Bible says here is a woman with a familiar spirit and this is contrary to God's commandment. If you look at Deuteronomy chapter 18, we'll read verses 9 to4. Then we'll pick up and read all the way to verse 22. When thou art come into the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do after the abominations of those nations. So there was culture and habit and things that these other nations did that God uh disdained or hated. Not things that was just different than Israel culturally but things that were an abomination to God. And because of the it says for all the that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord. Notice where this abomination rest and who it is to it is the Lord. and be and so he says there verse 10 there shall not be found among you anyone that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire. This is a very direct reference to maybe a tradition a ritual that these heathen nations would do or that useth divination or an observer of times or an enchanter or a witch. You think about these uh these definitions, these headers or a charmer or a consulter with familiar spirits or a wizard or a necromancer. There's a list of things that God is saying you're going to find these in these cultures. You're going to find them in their religions. You're going to find them common amongst people. But he says that they shall not be found among you. Nor should we use these things. For all, verse 12, that do these things are an abomination of the Lord. And because of these abominations, the Lord thy God doth drive them out from before thee. &gt;&gt; God is going to drive out anyone who practices these things, these other uh uh other gods, these other sources of in uh influence. And then verse 13, thou shalt be perfect with the Lord thy God. That kind of raises the stakes, but why is God wanting to draw them out? Because he wants the people to walk before him perfectly. Wants them to trust in him. wants them to hear from him and know his voice. For these nations, verse 14, for these nations which thou shalt possess, hearken unto observers of times and unto divers. But as for thee, the Lord thy God hath not suffered thee so to do. Notice even in how God expresses this, it said, "These people did not have a relationship to God. They did not have profits when they should have known me and should have sought after me and should have seen me in nature." No, they've sought after their own inventions and they formed themselves their own idols. and they've come to believe that these lifeless things speak to them. He says, "These work in these realms and hearken unto observers of times and under divers, but you you're not like that. God speaks to you. I have not suffered ye to use these things." And so the Lord is warning them, if I could just use this phrase collectively of the observers of times and the enchanters and the witch and the charmer consult with familiar spirits and the wizard or necromancer, just call them mediums. He has warned them about these mediums of these other religions and societies. And this verse says that God hath not suffered thee so to do. I'm warning you about the observance of times and divers and all these mediums. Verse 15, the Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee of thy brethren like unto me. Unto him shall ye hearken. Now notice just it's such a an interesting thing. All these divers and mediums and enchanters. He says, "But that's not the way that you're to get your information or inspiration. But I will give you a prophet according to all that thou desireest to the Lord thy God and Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not hear again the voice of the Lord my God, neither let me see this great fire anymore that I die not." And so God said, the Lord said unto me, they have sp well spoken that which they have spoken. I will verse 18, raise them up a prophet from among the brethren, like unto me, and I will put words in his mouth, and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him. And it shall come to pass that whosoever will not hearken to my words which shall he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him. It's telling us that God according to Israel's own desire will use prophets like Moses. And if you look into the Bible and the history, Samuel's the one first one that God raises up after Deuteronomy 18. God raises him up as a prophet who he's going to put words in his mouth and he let nothing that he said fall to the ground. So, in this one reading in Deuteronomy chapter 18, it's very interesting uh uh and to put these together and read them side by side, the devil uses mediums, God uses prophets. &gt;&gt; That there's people that will seek for information through these particular channels to hear from God, to know what to do, to find truth, all these different ways. And God is saying that it ought not to be that way for you because I have given you an order and a way to know truth. And I I think there's more that we could say on that. Uh but let's let's just leave it there as a component of what we're trying to build to tonight. So God was very deliberate or p purposeful in establishing this protective boundary for Israel. You're going to go in, there's going to be these other nations and they have different practices in different ways. And you may see that they can actually get information correctly. You may see that they have certain things that they do that can be very wowing or or very useful. But he's SAYING THAT'S NOT HOW I want to deal with you. So he's warning them in Leviticus 19:es 30 and 31. Ye shall keep my Sabbath Sabbaths and reverence my sanctuary. I am the Lord. He says, "Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards to be defiled by them. I am the Lord your God." So we should not regard them. Have respect or fear them that have familiar spirits. Though they may be able to operate in what? In certain realms or ways, don't have fear or regard for them. Neither seek after wizards. I know you're all going to want me to preach a sermon on wizards or wizardry, but he's saying that you should not seek after them, to desire them, to inquire of them, uh to be defiled by them. Now, that's the PART WHERE IT'S LIKE, OKAY, all right. Thanks for peeling back the curtain. Defiled means to be made unclean, that you lose your purity, that you are a sanctified person. You've been set aside. You you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. and and God's wanting to motivate you and move you and cause you to to live a particular way. And he's saying there's things that you can seek after. God had called Israel by name. He's leading them. He's feeding them. He's guiding them. He's given them all these rules and regulations in the Old Testament to keep their minds and their bodies clean. He's wanting to lead them to the promised land. HE SAYS, "DON'T HAVE FEAR OR RESPECT FOR those who have familiar spirits. Don't seek after wizards because they will make you unclean." So, it is the nature of these mediums to be a corrupting influence. They are, and I hope you can catch this part. We're making great time. We're not going to be very lengthy tonight. Actually, matter of fact, not are we not going to be very lengthy, we probably won't be lengthy at all. Famous last words. But there are sources of darkness that defile our minds, &gt;&gt; that are going to burden our hearts or or muddy up our our spirits. God is not just SAYING, "WELL, I DON'T LIKE the competition." And he wants a monopoly on telling the uh telling the future. He's saying, "No, these defile your conscience." &gt;&gt; Levitic Leviticus 20:6, "And the soul that turneth after such have as have familiar spirits, and after wizards to go a after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people." What is he pointing to? this intermediary agency that's going to speak to the living. It's these channels of communication, these familiar spirits and these wizards where they go to whoring after HIM. WHY? BECAUSE IT HAS SOME not just influence but a means of captivating you &gt;&gt; where people now if I could say this and and I say this maybe as a warning I'm amazed at how much people use uh these large language learning models to get information now it's it's shocking I used to answer all the questions in my family Dad. Dad. Dad. Now, now I I think they say, "Dad, they just said Chad." Right. I'm like, "My name's not Chad." Chad, what? Oh, you're asking somebody else. There's so much consulting to those things. And it gives you information. It might sound very good, but do you realize I'm I'm actually getting way ahead of myself where I was going to go on some of these things, but do you realize those things are wrong? And they're actually just as susceptible to brain rot as you. &gt;&gt; And that the more they've learned from all of us and all you the dumber they're getting &gt;&gt; and the more they're misleading us. Can I get an expert amen somewhere? &gt;&gt; It's happening. Because they're people just prompting it and it's LEARNING FROM WHAT WE'RE SAYING. &gt;&gt; IT'S LEARNING FROM WHAT WE'RE WRITING. DO YOU REALIZE IF THE BOTS ARE LEARNING from us, RIGHT? SHOULDN'T WE BE WORRIED? AND SO THAT WASN'T WHERE I WAS GOING. NOW YOU'VE KIND OF GOT THE forward taste to maybe some other places we're going to be going here soon. But these are means of consulting for information and getting things uh uh to act upon. It &gt;&gt; says in verse 27 of the same chapter, "A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit or that is a wizard shall surely be put to death." So the stakes are pretty high. They shall stone them with stones. Their blood shall be upon them. Why is God putting them in this category? Because they're not as innocent as we might think they are, these particular ones. And I know I'm I I realize that I am using scriptures that are speaking about literal people that have familiar spirits. I'm not talking about a ma magic eightball on your desk where it's like, "Should I go to Ritos today?" And you've hacked it to where it always says yes. Um but you know, and you shake it and it gives you an answer. We're not just talking about rolling dice and just using it to fleece or something. Talking about actual spirits and wizards and these necromancers and these charmers. These are conduits or channels by which darkness can press on one spirit. And God is giving them grace by saying, "Don't get used to them." &gt;&gt; And they're not just bad influences, but they're influences that come with great and severe consequence to the point to where God said, "Put them out from among you, and even those who are guilty of it, let them be put to death." Galatians chapter 9 19- 21 he says now the works of the flesh are manifest which are these this very interesting list of the works of the flesh adultery and we all go yeah fornication okay uncleanness and we might think oh what does that even mean right lasciviousness idolatry witchcraft hatred variance emulations wrath strife seditions heresies envians murders drunkenness revelings and such like I'm so glad when the scripture gives us that all-encompassing such like. &gt;&gt; BUT NOTICE JUST HOW WITCHCRAFT has its place amongst all these other things. &gt;&gt; Whether it be emulation or wrath or seditions and heresies and adultery and idolatry, witchcraft is listed. So, it's not just something we'd say, "Well, brother Aaron, THAT WAS JUST GOD IN THE EXODUS giving them rules like don't wash your pots with your pans and don't drink water with your left hand and make sure your beard isn't round and make sure that you curl your ringlets with lavender oil while curling your big toes." It's it there's not it's none of those things. God's saying there's evil out there &gt;&gt; and these THINGS OUGHT NOT TO BE MESSED WITH. And so it lists the works of the flesh and all these things that we look at. We could get into each one and realize they they arrive through some means of motivating and moving a person to act. Each one of these we could just tie them from the murderings to the revelings. And so witchcraft is an influence. Now to use this phrase modern mediums, it's very obvious. I think um the the the the way I'm phrasing it there with the use of the scriptures what a medium is. But now mediums is plural of medium, right? We all got that. When I shop, I buy mediums. Oh, that people laughed. Well, I'm trying to get there. So the the So mediums is plural of medium. But what's the other word for plural of medium? Media. Media is also a plural form of medium. A single channel like television is a medium. But media collectively refers to all such channels. You have television, radio, print, internet. They're all mediums. But what what what do we usually call them? Mass media. &gt;&gt; Mass media, mass murder. They're all related. But here you have a mass media would be all these different mediums collectively. And we don't use the phrase media very often. We are mediums. We use media. But I want you to think of this modern medium that fuses human social interaction and digital communication technologies. And we call it social media. But I'm being very deliberate by using the phrase mediums because I want to cause you just to be a little bit like when you think about social media and when you think about mass media. I want you to think about the witch of indoor. I want you to think about necromancers and wizards. And you might say, "I already do that, brother Aaron. I follow all the best necromancers on Twitter, right? I got all the cards for Dungeons and Dragons on Wizards or whatever it is." And social media, I have a definition that I kind of crafted here. These technologies that enable people to create, share, and exchange what we might call content. And that could be text and images, video, different things of that nature, messages. And it's done this idea of social media or social mediums. Media being the plural of medium. That this media is this it's done within virtual communities, communities that exist only by virtue of uh uh uh this medium and these networks. And this phrase social comes from the Latin uh uh which means a companion or ally. So that you have this to socialize. It emphasizes human interaction and community. That's the idea behind something is social. And then media from that Latin medium which means a channel. So it's referring to these communication tools and we use that phrase channels is a very often one I keep coming across. So social media itself is a medium of expression and not just a medium of expression because you could see that in radio and television and painting and these and and print work and different works of an artist but it's also a network of relationships when years ago and Walter Konite would get on ABC whatever it is and he would get up there and he would tell you what happened that day. There's no GIVE AND TAKE. YOU JUST HAD to take it from Paul Harvey and now you know the rest of the story, right? There's no I just got a text right now from a listener west of the Rockies. No, you didn't get those kinds of things. It's just that one way uh a medium of this information that's being spread. But now it becomes a network of relationships &gt;&gt; and it differs for differs from mass media because of the participation, the interactivity and just the fact that anybody can create content. And there's two critical components at work. I had been studying on a particular subject for next year just as that I feel like the Lord has led me very directly and I just don't know when the end is sight on these themes that we've been on this year. But I've been thinking possibly in the new year we'd begin to look at the idea and concept of community and it's just kind of fallen in my lap to begin to at least explore this now. that there's two critical components and I would even say necessary components that are at work with social media and that's community and communication. And I could take time tonight, won't do it, could take time soon, probably won't do it to show you just how important it is to a human to have community and communication base needs. Very very important. And so social media includes these these these uh or maybe I could say necessities OR THESE BASE DESIRES that we might have to satisfy community and communication. But there is a warning that comes when it come with these mediums in 1 Corinthians 5:es 9-13. I I don't want to get too involved in what Paul is teaching here, but maybe we could just read it and at least accept that he is setting forth the necessity of boundaries. He says, "I wrote unto you in an epistle to not keep company with fornicators." Oh, let's just say he wrote a letter that we hadn't read uh that this is the first Corinthians that we read here, but he said, "I've written you a letter already." He said, "Don't have communion, fellowship, and company, companionship. Uh, hang out with fornicators." And he says, "Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous or extortioners or with idolattors, for then must ye needs go out of the world." So Paul said to them that they're not to keep company with fornicators, but then he qualifies it. He says, "Not not that there's this absolute abstinence from all these things and have nothing to do with them and you kind of you you you you call up, you know, fries and you're like, how many people are in there tonight?" Like even when you do this to kids these days, like what is that? I realize all the I've been doing this for, you know, 17 years with my kids. I'm on the phone and they're like, "Hang loose. What you want a banana? What?" Right? And I'm over here. I'm on the phone. Right? Right? It's like I don't know how to convey that. But there's you want to call up Friday and say, "Is the store empty?" Right? So, I'm just going to do door dash hoping that somebody sanctified delivers my goods. Right? Because well, if we just if it was this uh unrealistic prohibition on anyone who doesn't believe like you, he says, "You just need to get out of the world." So then he draws it down narrow more narrowly saying this is more obtainable. And this part to me strikes me because he says but now I've written unto you not to keep company if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator. So I can hang out with rando fornicator. Right. But if he's a brother no that's not actually what he's saying. But he's saying that it's it's more the closer someone is to you if you don't keep company fornicators. But he said don't you can't just become a hermit and not have fellowship with anyone or not interact with anyone because he says not altogether abstain from these things because you must needs be in this world. But let me be more particular. Don't keep company with the man who's called a brother as a fornicator or covetous or an idolattor or a or a drunkard or an extortioner. There's your six red flags. with such a one know not to eat. For what have I do to judge them also that are without? Do not ye judge them that are within? But them that are without, God, God judges. Therefore, put away from among yourselves that wicked person. It may not seem to be obvious on its face, but I want you just to try a little bit, and I'm certainly not going to try to force it. Uh, but if you could see this, he's highlighting the power of community. He's kind of emphasizing the he's underscoring the necessity of it, but just HOW THAT IF YOU FELLOWSHIP with someone, you keep company with someone, someone that your brother, and there you build this sense of community with someone who's a drunker, a an extortioner, who's covetous and a fornicator, that there's power from those influences. &gt;&gt; Speaks to the power of communication. He says not to sit down to eat, that there's some uh some affinity, some communication. And each one of these characteristics uh noted here are conduct that's offensive not only to God but offensive to the individual. That these are THINGS THAT WOULD CAUSE HARM, things that would cause influence. And so he's rebuking this behavior of even though the few because it can always influence others. He's not saying, "Well, I'm so glad that 20 of you are so strong. You could put up with that railing false accuser who's covetous and always blackmailing and scamming you guys and just put up with it. Just just put up with it. You guys will It's fine. Just let them do their thing." He says, "No." At a certain point, you have to say, "You know what? Just because I'm a Christian doesn't mean I have to be taken advantage of constantly by somebody who's being disobedient." But the just recognize Paul is saying, "I told you not to keep company." That's this idea of communication, fellowship, community. And then Proverbs 22:es 24 and 25, he says, "Make no friendship with an angry man. With a furious man, thou shalt not go, lest thou learn his ways and get a snare to thy soul." Notice it. There's an influence or an impact. You'll either learn those ways or they'll trap your mind. They become wounds or scars. It imprisons your heart. Lest thou learn his ways and get a snare to thy soul. Make no friendship with an angry man. This is the disposition of one who's prone to anger. Somebody who cannot control their temper. With a furious man, DON'T DON'T FOLLOW HIM. These are really good instructions. But it's identifying, if I could say this, the power of community, having something in common and and and fellowship around those things and the individuals that comprise that as we're talking about these uh the human interaction and community and and getting to know one another. Social media has this uh uh this exchange of ideas. there's a some expression but then it's this there's a relationship with the individuals that are expressing these things. So you have this community and communication and now we're looking at these scriptures says you shouldn't be friends with someone who's angry now who's an angry man. Now how quickly would some of our Facebook follows do you follow on Facebook? Is that what you do? I don't know. You don't follow on Well, I'm I don't mean you personally, but does one is that what it is as followers? I'm still on Google friends or whatever. Google one. I just circle people. Circle me back. There's um there's a way that you indicate that there's a connection here, right? LinkedIn, I'm going to follow you. And if we couldn't follow an angry person, just how small would our following list get, right? Like I noticed this guy here. He has zero followers. Trump has zero followers on his own truth social according to Proverbs 22. But it's to recognize this. Where there is an evil spirit or a corrupting powerful influence, I want to say this. You'll either become it where you'll assimilate and you'll begin to engage in in uh in the expected behavior where if YOU IF YOU FOLLOW an angry man, he says you're going to get it become an angry man. And and I want to say this, but if you don't become angry, you'll become oppressed. &gt;&gt; AND YOU BECOME THE SUBJECT OF ANGER OR GOVERNED and ruled by the atmosphere created by that influence. &gt;&gt; So you say, "Well, I I I'LL NEVER BECOME LIKE THAT AND AND I WON'T BECOME LIKE THEM AND THAT'LL THAT'LL NEVER PHASE ME AND THAT THAT'LL NEVER WORK." BUT THE WAY THAT IT HAPPENS IS IT doesn't mean YOU HAVE TO BECOME THAT, but you become in bondage to it. You become oppressed by it. The Bible says in 1 Corinthians chapter 15:33, "Be not deceived." Remember, be not deceived. God is not mocked. That you whatever you plant, you're going to harvest. Evil communications corrupt good manners. We covered this quite a bit in our prophet and the playrights and those different things we examined earlier this year. But when he says evil communications corrupt good manners, it means that ethos or ethos, your state or moral character, evil communications will corrupt your character. Bad company, and I'm not referring to a classic rock band, bad company, though that would certainly fit, will ruin your sentiments. It'll ruin your nature. It changes who you are. &gt;&gt; Be not deceived. Evil communications, you say, "Well, I have a filter on my phone. and I will not receive any curse words. This fellowshipping and just here recently in terms of social media and how people could just add one letter in the middle of a prohibited word and you got to change the algorithm to recognize the V now and the misspellings because people JUST GET RIGHT AROUND it and you know what's being said, right? I mean, Vid Angel could bleep it out, but you're like, "THAT WAS BLEEPING BAD. OH MY GOODNESS. Why would they do that?" I don't know if they bleep it on Vid Angel. may just be silent but the point is there's a certain level where there's a communi you say it's not just this not hearing that the evil communication is the care the the company &gt;&gt; the friendship the relationship &gt;&gt; will change who you are evil conversations absolutely those things that we talk about and read and those things will water and and nourish the ground and the soil uh that's pouring out from those things but then also these evil friendships is meant here it can be a bad influence on your lives and upon your habits. Apologies if you came tonight needing a pickme up. You can just imagine say, "Well, I'm going to church tonight cuz I'm going to leave happy." Verse 1 Corinthians chapter 5:E 6, he says, "Your gloring is not good. Know you not that a little leaven leavenventh the whole lump." It it has this way. Okay, I want to use that scripture said just as this leaven being small once added to the loaf pervades the whole thing to where now it's leavened. &gt;&gt; You can't just say cut me off a unleavened piece. You can't do it. You you can't you can't ask. It's not like ordering brisket like you do you want a you want a fatty part or do you want a dry part? You know you want the point or the flat. What what is it you want? It's like you say, "Well, I want uh I don't want to have any beef. I don't want any smoke." Said that where there's a little levan, it just has a way of producing itself everywhere. And the scripture teaches us as it says, "An angry man produces friends of an angry man become angry." A and and followers of a furious man become furious because you learn his ways. Temper will breed temper. Disrespect will breed disrespect. &gt;&gt; The doubtful will make you doubtful. The fearful will make you fearful. There's a lot of people that are afraid of a lot of nonsense, a lot of stuff, and you're doing just fine. And they go up to you and says, "Do you know the chemical they put in your steering wheels &gt;&gt; is causing people to be sterile." And now all of a sudden, you're like, "I need not only do I need a driverless car, I need no polyurethane anywhere around me because the microplastics are going to kill me." And all of a sudden, your life is completely turned upside down because people obsess and are fearful. And what does it do? It breeds fear. I'm not trying to start a rumor on steering wheels. I just made that up. And if it's if it's right, you heard it here first. I think this is applicable in 2 Timothy chapter 2 16 and 17. These are scriptures that are often used in this particular subject. But shun and profane but shun profane in vain babblings. The internet is dead now. Boom. Over. Gone. Right. Comic se uh comment sections TURNED OFF. X IS GONE. THEY'RE ALL SHUT DOWN. Profane and vain babblings for they will increase unto more ungodliness. He says, "And their word will eat as doth a canker." I use these scriptures in support of what I'm trying to assert tonight that there is a a corrupting influence through certain channels. that there's a way that we can communicate with one another that that might be kind of fun at first, but then it can get a little bit out of control. THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING THAT WE COULD JUST CHALK OFF AS, WELL, THAT'S JUST human behavior. That's just kids. BUT IF ALLOWED TO KIND OF govern itself and form its own course, IT COULD BECOME SOMETHING WORSE than what you thought it was. OH, THOSE DON'T WORRY. THOSE TWO, they just they've always been like that. You know, they're just they're a little bit more affectionate. And we make excuses for certain conduct because of their age. But as they GET OLDER, YOU WANT TO ASK YOURSELF, IS THERE something that's trending in influences that are causing a certain behavior? &gt;&gt; Because there's ways of talking and ways of thinking and ways of listening and ways of reading and ways of ingesting mediums, the information provided by mediums that will increase to more ungodliness. that eats like a canker, that will leaven the whole lump, that will corrupt a person's character, that'll be a snare to your soul because you will learn the ways being channeled by the mediums. I want to close with some excerpts from a book. How many here have read The Anxious Generation by Jonathan Hate? Have anybody read that? Nobody. The Anxious Generation. Wow. I'm kind of surprised there. I'm not necessar it's not in my book club for those of you who are in it but he speaks in this particular book and um there's there's some other he had written some other books before this and what's interesting is he had made some very stark observations on the coddling of America and re and pointed out like these three uh anybody read that book the coddling of America okay all right join the book club and in this book he talked about these these untruths that that are being taught on college campuses that were giving rise to what he identified as depression and mental illness. And it was these three different untruths. But then the more that he studied this, the more he researched it, uh his follow-up book to me didn't necessarily change what he had um written on before, but it gave him more insight into the influences that were pushing the these narratives. And he he comes up with this phrase in this particular time period that he called the great rewiring of childhood. and he explores how uh uh changes in daily life have caused what he calls an epidemic of mental illness and and and he takes uh he goes to great lengths to do this. He compares the emergence uh and the household adoption of mediums and and he looked at the this these waves of technology where the onset of radio, television and then also these paired technologies. Then he looked at these waves of paired technology such as a personal computer and then the internet. I can remember being not even a teenager and being online. My grandpa had Prodigy and I remember being able to sit there and stare at a computer screen in 8bit black and white using Prodigy internet painfully for hours watching the Padres's Red Score update. I was in San Diego. You probably weren't too far away from me at the time. And it was just mesmerizing. I I can't believe I can't If I put my kids in front of that today, they would beat their brains out bored to death on the mechanical keyboard and it would be loud as could be. But there's these but as the personal computers came on and those became ubiquitous and households adopted it, it looked at these kind of this paired technology of the internet and these are just what the data is telling them and they make their conclusions based upon it. But they discovered that there was no increase no perceptible increase in mental health related illnesses for teenagers through the rise of the personal computer in the home and then the paired technology of the internet. But it was this second wave of a paired technology that has produced maybe the coddling of America, but then also this epidemic of mental illness. And I and I want to say this is just what these these scientists have uncovered, but I want you to think about it for yourself to process it yourself uh what what these things would do. But it's the second wave that paired the smartphone in social media. And we might say it's a correlation, but it looks to me to be way beyond just a coraliz coralization, but a direct impact on mental health. And they observed that once you had these this adoption of smartphones and social media that girls mental health began to collapse. They say for boys mental health, it changed in so many diffuse ways that it's it's hard just to put a label on it. But the the data is very striking. When you had the internet, you had laptops, you had games, uh uh they they THEY DID NOT HAVE uh they did not have even social media did not HAVE ITSELF THIS BROAD IMPACT UPON mental health. When there was Facebook and there was a personal computer, maybe there was more time spent, there was more interaction, there was more engagement. Yes, there's influences. There's things that one had to watch out for. But there was a direct connection. There was no there was there was no a way to take to correlate the emergence of these technologies to mental health. But then all of a sudden once the smartphone and social media fused together and that began to be more adopted more in households, there's a spike. The adoption of a smartphone was faster than any other technology, any other medium. And in this book, it writes, "The daily life, consciousness, and social relationships of a 13-year-old with iPhones in 2013, those were b who were born in the year 2000, WERE PROFOUNDLY DIFFERENT FROM those 13-year-olds with flip phones in 2007, who were born in 1994. Anybody here born in 1994? Anybody? 1994. Anybody? 1994. Okay. No toes yet. Anybody here born in 2000?" 2000. Got to be 2000. Nobody. Oh, one. Okay. If you compared a 13-year-old born in 1994 to a 13-year-old born in 2000, their lives were drastically different. Well beyond the life of a 13-year-old born in 1975 versus a 13-year-old born in 1990. Though the difference between those two, you'd like, "Oh my goodness, you're talking about the difference between uh Cool and the Gang and Michael Jackson Solo." BUT THERE'S YEAH THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS THAT WERE DIFFERENT BUT IN TERMS OF WHAT YOU COULD EXPECT IN PERSON'S LIFE AND AND THEIR MENTAL HEALTH AND THEIR DAILY LIFE AND THEIR CHALLENGES AND THEIR RELATIONSHIPS WERE NOT AS DIFFERENT AS IT IS NOW THAT THE SMARTPHONE comes into being. Those who are raised with iPhones and what it does is it exposes how the social media ecosystem is powerfully enticing through the smartphone. This writer writes, "With so many new and exciting virtual activities, many adolescents and adults lost the ability to be fully present with the people around them, which change social life for everyone, even for the small minority that did not use these platforms." It's true. It's changed everything. &gt;&gt; Everything. Can I get a witness? &gt;&gt; Anybody willing to just be a little bit vulnerable and say, "Yeah, this is real." And not not for the neighbor in the apartment next door. You you might not have known this, but he is totally analog now. Says, "While girls social lives," and I'm just kind of skipping around. While girls social lives moved into onto social media platforms, and remember, women are more susceptible to the mediums. AND THOSE SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS HAVE BECOME INCREASINGLY ENTICING through the tools that are now available to fabricate a reality. So that NO MATTER HOW TRY HARD YOU TRY TO CRAFT A REALITY OR FIT, YOU'RE ALWAYS GOING TO BE SOME REPRESENTATION THAT YOU'RE TRYING TO chase and attain to. It fits with what brother Eleaser was saying about those who are kind of faking things and the put on and how people are more uh concerned about the appearance than the actual intimacy and the connection. That's what religion has become and the cosmetic Christianity. It's just a reflection of how shallow all of our interactions are. WHEN THE BIBLE SAYS UH HE THAT WANTS TO HAVE FRIENDS must show up himself friendly, there's a principle there that we could teach in terms of if you want to have friends, you you you might not want to be a prickly pair cactus. But it means a man who wants to have a lot of friends and a LOT OF FOLLOWERS AND BE POPULAR HAS TO BE VERY VERY very shallow and can't risk real connections. And so while girls lives moved onto social media platforms, boys burrowed deeper into the virtual world as they engaged in a variety of digital activities, particularly immersive online multiplayer video games, YouTube, Reddit, and hardcore pornography. All of which became available anytime, anywhere for free right on their smartphones. These things are not I'm not breaking ground with you tonight, but I am saying it out loud. Those things are dangerous. &gt;&gt; A smartphone in itself is going to give you access to a lot of things. But now you combine this aspect, this social media aspect and now it becomes community and communication. Now there's ways that want they want to promote community and engagement. You get a name, you get an avatar, and you get reasons to keep coming back. And there's and there's ways to communicate beyond just even uh the gooey more than just beyond what the the device or product or the game. It's not like some of the games we that we played on a flip phone. You just you just tried to beat it. That was it. A and and it was painful. There was only one that I ever had on a phone and it was one where you it was just balls that moved around in a circle or something like I can't even remember. and I was introduced to it by my brother and it was just it's like you could just get sucked into it. What's the objective? You just want to keep the thing going. But now if that game exists, there's probably other users who are competing at the same time and it draws you into community and they expand it to where there's now communication and there's there's a reward SYSTEM BUILT INTO IT socially &gt;&gt; and then it just becomes everywhere all the time through the smartphone. Could we uh in in the post, could we edit in some crowd noise? I maybe just begin with just kind of a a light roar and you know, maybe just some like just a little like an enthusiasm and then just kind of as I go like it's just now it's just at this feverish pitch, right? And &gt;&gt; the new mixer will do that. Okay, good. Maybe we could just use some algor chat GPT and some AI and we can put just put in people at the altars and cell phones just bouncing off the back of the church and tablets being broken just as Moses broke the tablets. Glory. When I used this phrase modern mediums, I used it because I wanted to kind of call out social mediums. Social media and it's a call to be discerning and vigilant about communication and community. If where do we where do we feel that we fit as individuals and believers such that if we need help or we have questions where are we going to go with those questions and for help? Is there are there is there an openness in communication even within our families? And is there some sort of community with other like-minded people that if we have difficulty or a problem or if we begin to see something that doesn't seem to be right or doesn't fit or something that bothers us, do we go beyond our community? uh do we go beyond um the word of God and do we begin to use mediums to get our information and tell us how to behave, how to act, how to respond and tell us what truth is. So there's this component of communication and community. And if I could say this to the parents, we exist in vastly a a vastly different social and technological landscape. Our children do. We we exist in now. What we exist in now, it's unlike any other time before. And I would say that we have technology experts, we have social media experts right right here in our midst. And they could probably tell you in greater detail just how powerful they are. I think this may go without saying. I can't remember the book and the the book that um it's been several years now and it opened with all the great uh uh I don't want to say inventors but uh those who advanced technology innovators of social media and technology and the iPhone and all these things that pervade our lives in Google they wouldn't allow their children to be on the very platforms they're creating &gt;&gt; they wouldn't allow them TO OWN THE DEVICES THAT THEY'RE MARKETING DO YOU REALIZE THEY HAVE MORE IN COMMON WITH DRUG DEALERS? &gt;&gt; Who won't use the drugs they're selling than they do some uh social conscious entrepreneur who's concerned about your well-being? We live as a as parents and adults. I say it just to kind of get our attention. The landscape is different. This is where my eyes were opened. I grew up in an age of Nintendo and Sega Genesis. A and we and I had a I REMEMBER HAVING AN ATARI PERSONAL COMPUTER IN MY ROOM AS AN eight-year-old playing 8-bit baseball and I could say, "WELL, I PLAYED THAT HOURS AT A TIME AND I PLAYED THE SEGA GENESIS ALL DAY LONG AND I PLAYED THE NINTENDO and kind of turned out okay. I mean, I'm still a work in progress, BUT YOU KNOW, I I'M NOT SELLING DRUGS. I'M NOT BEATING MY WIFE, RIGHT? THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS. YEAH, I'M DOING GOOD." AND I REALIZED I CAN'T GO BY WHAT IT WAS for me &gt;&gt; and think that I CAN JUST DO ALL THE SAME THINGS AND IT'S JUST GOING TO TURN OUT THE SAME way &gt;&gt; because we live in a different age. &gt;&gt; These modern mediums are forms of expression and influence that are shaping and impacting our minds. And it goes for our kids and us as adults. It's mood altering. You don't need to pop pills. the the digital entertainment can trigger and fire off the very same things that drugs can do in a person. &gt;&gt; It kills ambition. I remember when I there was the onset of these things and the way that it began I can this is a personal testimony. I remember a friend of mine in high school uh he graduated a year or two before me and uh he went to uh University of Texas and uh when he was in school he really struggled because he got addicted to online gaming Unreal Tournament and he wasted hundreds of thousands of dollars was on the 10-year program and didn't even finish that. And it was all because he got addicted to the gaming and the the community that it and the way that it hooked into him. I know another brother is one of the most the smartest people I've ever known in my life. Brilliant and could have been a multi multi multi-millionaire many times over. Addictions to video games completely derailed his life. &gt;&gt; And so you say, "Well, that's just for those with really addictive personalities perhaps." And maybe those are antiquated examples because they arose from a time in the '9s. But let me just say this. They've gotten smarter. &gt;&gt; It's it's not niche anymore that gets somebody. Social media and the smartphone now being combined will warp the ways that we view the world. &gt;&gt; And worse, the word. &gt;&gt; The things that are possible today would not have been possible in a day gone by because of social media. And so my last statement, musicians, if you'd like to come to your instruments ever so soberly. And cue the crowd noise. Says, "Of course, teens had cell phones since the late 90s, but they were basic phones with no internet access. Often known at the time as flip phones because the most popular design could be flipped open with the flick of the wrist. Basic phones were mostly useful for communicating directly with friends and family. one on-one. You could call people and you could text them using cumbersome thumb presses on a numeric keypad. What is it? T9 or what it was that you had to do it several times and if you missed it, you had to go back. So, smartphones are very different. They connect you to the to you to the internet 24/7. They can run millions of apps and they quickly become the home of social media platforms [music] which can ping you continually throughout the day. I I I went to buy something uh in and in doing so was like if if you give me your social security number, your credit card number, your email address, your phone number, you can get 2% off. And I'm like, I'm in. And in doing so, I signed up to be emailed three times a day for like a buy it for life product. [music] Like every day it's it's just reminding me, you know, buy another bucket, buy another bucket, buy another bucket. I I have too many buckets now. I'm done. I'm out of the bucket business. But they ping you constantly, non-stop. And I found with some people, they're always running [music] 25% off. Last chance for 25% off. And I realized, oh, LAST CHANCE TODAY CUZ I'M GOING TO HAVE ANOTHER ONE TOMORROW. They ping you continually throughout the day, urging you to check out what everyone is saying and doing. Now that's out of the marketing realm, but now it's into that community [music] and communication. This kind of connectivity offers few of the benefits of talking directly with friends. Cue the last slide, brother John. In fact, for many young people, it's poisonous for many young people. [music] It's poisonous that at what might have been okay. And even in terms of the differences in ages, myself being 50, there may be parents who are in their 30s, you know, it's different now. Even with what you went through and what you survived and what you experienced, it's different because now I'm learning as a parent that the things that I enjoyed at one time have another component to it that has drastically increased the stakes to where now there's a lot more at risk in their involvement than just game over you lose a life or you got to start all over again. [music] They've constructed these things in such a way to where there's a constant need for attention. There's a constant need for affirmation. There's a constant drive to be competitive, to succeed. And it's able to really get its hooks in us through the use or misuse of community and communication. And what science is observing and even non-Christians, this [music] person who wrote this book, I believe, is a non-practicing Jew. He says it's poisonous. It's poisoning minds. and [music] causing tremendous social anxiety, fear and depression and all sorts [music] of problems. And I share it with you tonight that there's modern mediums that you need to be more aware of. And if you're not, you need to be more prayerful about so that we can protect our minds and our hearts and especially our young children. If we could stand tonight together just asking the Lord to give us a grace and to help us to navigate these things. I'm grateful for brothers who have been extremely successful in their particular lines of work. Brother Lucas is a rock star in his industry figuratively. And [music] brother Martin himself, social media uh uh guru. And so there's as [music] Paul said, I I wrote you before to not keep company with a web developer and and a social media engineer. I says, but you know what I realized? that they can't just make it this prohibition on a certain class of people. Absolutely. So he he did strip away to be on guard about influences and negativity. But he said the real problem is when we allow ourselves to be subject to [music] the wrong influences by building community around the wrong things and communicating [music] about the wrong things. And so the world is rich with tools that we can utilize to our advantage. There's actually necessary tools that we have to have. I would suggest that there's a number of professions that it's absolutely impossible to be employed and to make a living without a cell phone, without internet access. And there's some businesses that absolutely have to have social media. It's a means of marketing. It's a means of communicating with [music] your customers. So, I'm not saying that that's all fruit of the poisonous vine that if you if you if you just use it, you're all a sudden inflicted, but it's something that we could [music] look at as parents and ask ourselves, well, modern mediums are a lot different than [music] they were before. And whereas I might have needed to at one time disguise myself and travel to indoor [music] and inquire of the witch to communicate with the dead, now the influences are just everywhere. I don't know why I whispered, &gt;&gt; but it's all over the place influencing us, plaguing our minds, and in many ways it is a channel that has communicated darkness into our spirits. And I want to be more aware than I've ever been before about where the darkness is coming from. That's a secret to happiness. [music] There you go. I turned it back around to happiness. You want to be happy? Find all those things that are just sucking it right out of you. And it's those necromancers. It's those mediums. It's those wizards and [music] witches that'll take your joy right out of you. Heavenly Father, tonight as we close this service, we need your grace. Lord, I appreciate just uh how you were able to deal with my heart to express a very difficult [music] subject. And Lord, I don't want to be one that's just uh up here bashing technology or social media or just calling out smartphones as being of the devil, but it's it's more nuanced than that, [music] Lord. It's just recognizing how there's this fusion and this this mixture of things that have now changed the technology. We could all have cell phones [music] and we could just establish certain parameters around those such that we're not [music] texting late at night or we're not calling the wrong people. But once that cell phone quote unquote gets smart and now we have access and it becomes a medium for so many different [music] influences. Lord, it the stakes are so much higher now. The risk to our teenagers by allowing them to adopt these technologies at a young age is much greater. And Lord, if the world recognizes that teenagers of a certain age shouldn't have a cell phone, and now even mental health professionals are saying, "We recognize there's a huge problem and this is what's caused it." And don't even let a 2-year-old have a screen and there's so many so much panic in the world. Lord, certainly we could be a little bit more prudent about this. And recognize once again, Lord, maybe not worrying about so much of all the poison that's out there, but recognize we have a source of truth. We have one that we can go to and that if we can increase the frequency of the latter part of Deuteronomy 18, it will help us with the former part. Lord, all the mediums that exist in the world today are so blended in and so subtle, hide behind so many things [music] that are attractive and even often very useful. So Lord, may we hold so much more closely to your oldfashioned [music] neverfailing way of feeding our faith and that's [music] your word. And may it may it equip us as adults who have to handle cell phones and just how easily it is for us to get sucked into things. May it help [music] us as parents who need to demonstrate a a a faithfulness [music] in these things. Teach our children just the dangers of it. Lord, I want to be able to teach my children and appropriately watch out for them so that when they do come of age and of necessity, they now have their own cell phone, their own act [music] data plans and all the filters are off and they're able to make their own decisions that all of a sudden it isn't just a free-for-all. And they don't get to go on their, you know, mission out into the world to drink and to [music] smoke and do whatever they want and just fill up with all the things that are now available to them. But they'll have had their character forged, their eyes open to understand now [music] to exercise this wisdom that's being cultivated to see what it can cause through terms of anxiety and depression and rejection and wickedness and regret and say, "Lord, as for me in my heart, I I want to keep my spirit [music] clean. I want to be used by you, Lord. I want to be an effective husband and father, Lord, as I grow up. I I want to be a good friend." and we recognize all these things that [music] would just weaken us. Father, bless your people tonight. I pray a special prayer for the parents, for [music] our young people, Lord, being intentional, Lord, with the prior sermon of poison and even tonight to call out social media. Maybe we could be a little bit more savvy [music] as parents to inquire about what's what's going on with this game, what's going on with this platform, what's going on on Discord, what's going on on this, so that we could understand better what our children are going through and how to better help them. Bless us tonight, I pray in the name of [music] Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
