################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Bro. Eliezer Castillo That I May Know Him - Eliezer Castillo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Bro. Eliezer Castillo: That I May Know Him
Speaker: Eliezer Castillo
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAC-ZSyhWbE
========================================

Description:
Bro. Eliezer Castillo: That I May Know Him
Sunday Service: May 25, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
have a a a small thought. Um something that I know is in every every Christian's uh heart, a desire, and it's a desire of Lord, I want to know you more. A desire of um Lord, uh make your presence more known to me. Let me see your word more. Not so much as a knowledge aspect, but a personal aspect. Lord, I want to know you more. So, um I I really enjoyed the song. Brother Andrew saying, I believe it's fitting for what we're going to be speaking about. Lord, open my heart. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. So, Philippians 3:10, it says, "That I may know him in the power and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death." Heavenly Father, Lord, we read your scripture. We ask a special blessing, Father. And we just ask that you continue to have your way in this service as you have already. Lord, just touch each and every person. Lord, we come expecting, knowing that you'll give to us what we need. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, Paul Paulie, he's um even though it seems simple, he's asking a lot. you know, you're you're talking about an in a finite person, somebody that um you know, we we receive knowledge as we grow up. And of course, there's few people that actually uh live up to the age of 100. A lot of times we just live up to 70, 80, 90 sometimes. So you have to think about we're accumulating knowledge from when we were babies all the way to before a hundred years old. We're trying to accumulate all of this knowledge and and to want to know God and to want to know who he is. You're you're asking a lot because you're you're an inf a finite person is asking somebody that is infinity that is infinite. Lord I want to know you. So, so to truly um there was this quote of Augustine Hippo. He said to understand God or understand it is is not God. To truly understand God means that you didn't you're not understanding God. You've understood something else. Because to truly understand God, you have to be outside of the limitations of time and space and all of those things. So, so we can't fully undersri uh understand or describe God because there's a a limited factor. We're finite and and we cannot fully grasp the unlimited part of God or the infinity of God. So, so as we get older, we um you know, we attain more knowledge, but we'll never be able to really receive who God is. And I truly believe that that's what the world is trying to do today. That they're trying to receive all of this knowledge in a little tiny portion of time and it's just impossible. So, so the feats that we already accomplished, what what we see with Albert Einstein and with all of these great minds, even though it seems great for us, it's not even a speck of what truly is out there because we're trying to to to understand something that we will never be able to grasp in our finite minds. So Paul, he's asking something great. Lord, I want to know you. That's what we want today. Lord, I want to know you. Now, it it's not just so so to try to grasp him, it's just impossible. So, it's not just thinking that he's bigger than our imagination or or that he exists in in a higher plane, but he's he's far beyond that. He's greater than those things. He he's it it reminds me of of whenever a lot of times when we want to step into eternity, we want to step into the eternal day. We think that when we go into eternity that now we have a lot of time but but that's impossible because it's outside of the dimension of time completely. So, so even in our minds when we say, man, when we're going to be in that eternal day and then we're going to be there for years and billions of years and billions of years, it's impossible because it's outside of the dimension of time, space, and all of those things. So, we can't grasp God. We can't grasp eternity. God, he himself has to accommodate himself to our finitude. He has to come down to us. so that we can know him. It's not that we can grasp something great. This revelation that we have that that was given to us is not because we're great people. It's because somebody condescended down and gave us something that we can digest. Something we can receive from God. That's why in in in John 4 uh 19 when it says we love him because he first loved us, there's an accommodation. There's a stepping down first so that we could receive. So in order for you to know him or in order for you to love him, in order for you to grasp him, he has to do the act first. there there is no knowing him by by our mental knowledge or or anything or what's going to happen is we sum him up and we we I don't care if you're you're Elon Musk or you're Albert Einstein. If you begin to think about God, you automatically put him in a box and you limit him trying to intellectually understand who God is. That's why it might sound bad, but you can't even sum them up through this Bible. Well, this is the word of God. Yeah, but it takes revelation. The prophet said that it's in between the lines. So, you can give this Bible to somebody and they'll take control of the whole entire world. That's what the Catholicism did. They took this sword and they controlled the world and their hearts were still wrong. they they still didn't have a grasp of what the word was, but they used it for their own benefit. Or they can receive this word and they can say, "Oh man, God was a horrible God, man. How could how could he allow the Jews to slaughter all those people? It's it's a genocide." That's what we're hearing today. Now, that's giving them right away to say, "Get rid of the Jews." Because they see these things in the Bible and they say, "Look at how horrible your God is." So, they're summing God up by reading this Bible. But it takes more than just reading the the words on pages. It takes God accommodating himself into our weakness, into our life. And and and and even to say, "Lord, I I love you." Or to understand his love. He's not composed of of hearts. He's not composed of like certain emotions like we are like, you know, maybe somebody can get frustrated. That's an emotion that we that's raised up in our lives. I can't sum up by that because that's probably not who you are. So So we have extensions of our life. We have emotions. We have characteristics that sum us all up. We're soul, body, and spirit. Those are three things that sum sum us up. That's what brings us together. God, when it says God is love, he is holy and completely love. It's not that he is loving. When it says God is just, it's not that he has a a aspect of justice, but he that's who he is. It's his wholeness. It's not just a part of him. That's why when we are his attributes, we're not an extension of him. We are him. We are part of God. So even in in in Romans 3:10 where it says as it is written there is none righteous know not one. There is not none that understandeth there is none that seeketh after God. So it's showing that there is no one righteous outside of God. There's no one that understands God and there is no one that can seek him. So we almost we don't have the capability of even reaching God if we wanted to to know him know him. You'll never be able to. It's him giving us the capacity to know him. If if you have a desire for him, that's the amazing thing. If you have a desire for him, it's because somebody has already dropped the lifeline. So if if you always if someone feels like, man, I I just can't reach God. I just can't I can't get to him. But you already have a desire, it means God already put the capacity in you to want to serve him. Or else you wouldn't have it. We would be just like the world. We wouldn't have that desire to want to know him. So even to have the desire, God puts that desire in us. Isaiah 55:6, it clearly says it. It says, "Seek the Lord while he may be found. Call upon him while he is near." So this is the thought of of God opening a door, saying now this is a chance to seek him because he is able to be found. call upon him because right now he is near. But there's there's a point a time where where that's not the case. You can call, you can cry, he will not answer. We seek him, we will not find him. We will find him intellectually, but we won't know who he is. As he is near, he gives us the capacity or the capability of understanding. And it's not that we understand him and and it's just impossible to understand him. We understand what he wants us to understand. He gives us what he wants us to know. It's all God. It's all by his grace. Brother Brandham said that faith is by grace and faith is revelation. So, so the only time revelation is not a feat that we go through or or something that we accomplish. It's not something that we can brag about. It's not something that we can be like, "Oh, well, we are the bride. We have revelation." No, it was by grace. That's the only thing. Grace brings I I mean, uh, revelation automatically comes with humbleness because it's not of ourselves. So this is the thought that God, he makes himself available to us. This is God hiding in simplicity. He's making himself available. It doesn't mean that he's simple. It means that he makes himself available to the least of us. So when he hides himself in simplicity, he reveals himself to the simple. Isn't that amazing how how God he has himself to reveal himself. He has to hide himself so that we could truly see him. Lord, brother Brandham, he says this in the message uh birth pains paragraph 18. He says, "Oh, it's glorious life. Isn't it brethren? To walk in the simplicity of the gospel and yet in its simplicity, it's the greatest thing I know of. I know nothing of it." So he's saying to live in the simplicity, but it's the greatest Then he says, "And being that it was made simple that I had a chance to come into it." See, too by the grace of God. Why did he make himself simple? So that we had a chance. He he condescended down. He made He condidated to our weakness, to our thoughts, to our abilities because if he didn't do it, we wouldn't it would pass right by us. It's just like dimensions, you know. Um, you you you have a two-dimensional creature. What it'll never know what three dimensions are. It's outside of its capacity. That's who God is. So, so we in bringing it more down, we can't assume God either in our own lives, in our personal lives. And a lot of times we put God box through our doubt through the things that we're going through. Um so it's not something we can imagine or or or all those things or what we do is we begin to make him small. He's infinite. He's not bound by time. He's he's not bound by logic or emotion or weakness like we are. That's right. We box him in. When we replace the true and living God with a manageable p predictable vision of him, when we begin to to try to understand him in the things that we're going through, when we try to figure things out and say, "Why am I going through those things?" or or figure him out in in other things and doctrinal points. When we try to start doing those things, we begin to make him small and and boxing him in It it's it's whenever we're going through those things, we try to do those things, but and it's not a literal confining God, but it's a mental, emotional, spiritual limitations that we put on God, how he should act and and all those things, but we have to go outside of that. We have to break every single thing that we know of God. And when Paul, he was saying, "I want to know him." He he was before that he's saying I count my knowledge a loss. I I I count these things a loss. I I I count my suffering as gain. He's I don't want anything else but to know him. So it was a breaking down of himself. No matter what he was going through, whatever he was that what situation he was in, we have to break down our own preconceptions of who God is. And it's not it's not that we hear it from behind the pulpit. We hear the prophet saying those. We create those things ourselves. We begin to create these things when we're in the situation we're in. But when we break through all those things and say, "Lord, you are God. You and you put him where he's supposed to be in the word," then he will reveal himself to you. So we can't reduce him to what feels manageable or predictable or comfortable to us. Brother Brandham, he says in as I thought on my ways, he says God is infinite. When he speaks, it's got to be perfect. He cannot change. We cannot alter God's word. We have to alter our thinking to his thinking. We can't get this word and make it the way we want it. That's what denominations have done. That's what all these churches, they they want to alter God's word to what they want. They want their own filter. We alter our thinking to him because he already came down. He already accommodated himself to us. So, so Paul, he's saying I that I may know him. I want to know him under his condition. See, I want to know God under God's condition. This isn't just a casual acquaintance, but it's it's Paul speaking of of something intimate, an ex an experiential knowledge of who Christ is. He isn't uh content about knowing about Jesus. He wants to know him personally, deeply in every aspect of his life. Ephesians 3:19, it says, "And to know the love of Christ, which passes knowledge, that ye may be filled with all the fullness of God." This reflects a relationship where the heart, the soul, the mind, they're all fully engaged. Paul desires to continually grow in relationship with Christ, to walk with him, to hear him, and to become more like him. If you listen to that or read that scripture, that's what he wants. I want to know you in your own life, in your resurrection, in suffering. I want to step into your life. I want to become like you. That's how I want to know you. and and in and a personal relationship. And I think um the the reason we have this desire is because he wants to be known. It's not when it says, "Oh, the mysteries and the mysteries in the Bible," it doesn't mean that God is hiding things from us, but but God, he intends to reveal it to those that want it. Amen. So, so the reason we have a desire to want him, we have a desire to to want to serve him and to want to know who he is is because he wants to be known. I think brother Brandham, he he really paints a beautiful picture of how he desired to be known and the circumstances in between. Here in uh in uh Christ is the mystery of God revealed in paragraph 141. He says the first thing God was God wanted to reveal himself to the people. He couldn't do it as the great Jehovah God who covered all spaceime and eternity. He could not. He's too great to ever be revealed to the people because it would be too mysterious. How could that great being that never did begin and after you went beyond a cycle of a hundred and billions and trillions and trillions of years of light space and on into the infinite into eternity that great creature that was and all that and still is. So all of that brother Brandham tried to use his own words to explain this God. Now, if you try to understand what he said, the tr billions and billions and trillions and trillions of years of light space, that's a lot. That is a lot. And that still doesn't contain him. And now, but but all of that, all of that expansion, all of that beyondness wants to be known by you and I. Isn't that beautiful? He wants to be known. He wants to be revealed to you. That's beautiful. So he's not absent from this world. He's not distant, but he's hiding within the veil. It conceives this divine God, not with distance or inaccessibility, but the dullness of our perception. That's it. God is everywhere. God is here. Amen. But if if if we're trying to perceive him, we'll he'll always be hidden to us. If we try to intellectually re receive him, he'll always be hidden and it'll seem like there is no God. It'll seem like there he's never been here, but he's here. Uh uh David said, uh where can I hide from you? I can't go to heaven and I can't go to the deepest parts of hell. You'll be there. showing his great uh omniresence, showing that he knows all things that he's but he's hidden. He's hidden by our own perceptions of him. And you you see this where where he begins to hide himself in veils. And brother Brandham really goes into it in in God um hiding himself in simplicity and Christ the mystery of God revealed and and uh the unveiling of God. He really goes into how he hides himself in veils to reveal a portion of his character. So he'll go and he'll hide himself in a whirlwind and he's he's revealing a portion of his character to the people doing that. Even in in um with Adam and Eve, if you think about it, in Adam and Eve, they were perfect. They weren't in sin like we we all are in. They weren't born in sin. They were made perfect. And so you have to think that the fullness of God was with them. There was nothing to hide. There was nothing to hide from them because they weren't in sin. They were in eternity. He didn't hold back his holiness from them. There was no sin there. But Adam and Eve never saw the fullness of who God was. How could you know God showing himself his fullness there but that they couldn't see the fullness of who he was? It's because to see God doesn't just truly just doesn't mean to see him physically. It's not a physical thing. Brother Brandham, he says that he said what is God's purpose? This is in uh Christ the mystery of God revealed. He said what was God's purpose or what um see what God purpose was? Now, why didn't he keep Adam and Eve like that? Then he would never be able to express his fullness, his full attribute. So, even though he was there fully, he couldn't truly express his fullness. You, how can you know somebody if they don't fully express themselves, right? They can be around you, they can hang around, but if they don't fully express themselves to you, then how how do you know? So he it's that he didn't fully express himself to them. That's right. Because he could have been a father there. Yes, that's or that's true. But also he's a savior. You say how how do you know he was? Cuz I've had the experience. See see he is a savior and he had to express that. How could he do it? Only through Christ. How could he be a son? Only through Christ. How could he be a healer? only through Christ. See, all things wound up in that person, Jesus Christ. Oh my. And I I love how he says, "When I think about this, all denominations pass off the team." Why? Because it's not church. It's not just organization and it's not moving parts and all of these things, but it's God revealing himself to us completely. Amen. That's that was that was uh Moses's desire desire. You know, in in uh Exodus 32, a horrible situation happened. God gave Moses the Ten Commandments. And as he was up there, of course, the the people began to say, "Well, we don't have a prophet anymore." And they wanted to erect a golden calf. So, they go and they sit against the Lord. And God comes back down and and he sees this whole thing and and uh judgment takes place there and and finally after 32, God speaks to Moses again and God says, "I'm going to give you the land still." So, he was still going to give him the land even though they they made this great sin, but he said, "I'm send my angel." He he tried to to sneak in. I'm going to send my angel. I'm not going with you because I you are an unsuffering, stiff necked people. So, I'm not going to go with you. I'm going to send somebody else. And and Moses comes and it says that he's talking face to face with God and he says, "I don't want to go if you don't go." That's the desire of us. Lord, if you're not with me, I don't want to continue. Lord, if your presence isn't with me, I I'm not going wherever I'm supposed to go. So he says, Lord, show me your way. In in chapter 33, he says, "Show me your way that I may know thee that I may find grace in thy sight and consider that this nation is thy people." And in verse 14, he says, he said, "My presence shall go with you, go with thee. and I will give thee rest. And here Moses, he clarifies. He said unto him, if thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence. I don't want to go if you don't go. And and God begins to talk to him and said, "Yes, I will be there because you found uh grace in my sight." And and here when they're talking one-on-one, he says, "Lord, you know, when when you get close enough to the Lord, when you begin to serve him all of your heart, your desire is to want to know him more and more and more. We're never satisfied in not not wanting more. We're we're always we're always striving to see God more. And here, he's so intimate. There there has been no man that has ever spoke to God face to face. And yet he was bold enough to say, "Lord, let me see your glory. Let me see you, Lord. Let me get to know you. Let me know who you are." And God prepared and he said, "I will show you. And as I pass by, I'm going to give you my characteristics. I'm going to tell you who I am." So God, he prepared it. He said, "You're going to hide in the left of the rock and I'm going to pass by." And and he began to do all that. And before he even did that, they he restored the word. He restored the Ten Commandments. And as the Ten Commandments were restored, then God showed him his glory. The Bible, Brother Brandon says that wasn't the fullness of his glory. God said to him, he said, "You can't see all of me. You can't see all of my glory. What was it? It was just a portion. God only revealed a little bit to them, to him. And when he saw him, it says that his face shined a and and when he went down, the people begin to see God through him. And and and that's the reality of a Christian that that when you get to know who God is, then God begins to show himself or declare himself through you. That's amazing. That's beautiful. It says whenever in in fir 2 Corinthians 3:18 it says when we with all unveiled face beholding the glory of the Lord are being transformed into the same image from one degree of glory to another. This comes from the Lord and who who um from the Lord who is the spirit. This is uh the uh ESV version but it's showing that when we see his glory we get transformed into his glory. We become like him. The more glory we behold is the more glory we become. So Moses was the only one that saw God but he was the one that declared God to the people. I believe that's the ministry of us today. that God God has to be declared by a people. God has to be declared by a life just as our our pastor has been preaching the witnessing. How do we declare God? How do we witness to God? Whenever we're in his presence, whenever we know him, then we show him. I remember Philip, he was saying, he was saying, "Show us the Father and it'll satisfy us." And and Jesus said, he said, 'Haven't I been so long with you? Haven't I been so long? He says, 'He that seeth me seeth the father. John 1:18, it says, "No man hath seen God at any time, only the begotten son which is in the bosom of the father. He hath declared him." What was it? It was the son that was in the presence. And when the son came out, then he was declaring the father. John 14:17 it says, "Even the spirit of the truth, where the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and he shall be in you." So you know him. You know who he is. And because of that, you declare him. Because you know who he is, he dwelleth with you and in you. So now when people say, "Well, well, show us the Father, show us Christ." Well, h hasn't the bride been here long enough? Hasn't the children of God been here long enough where they basking in his glory? That's truly getting to know God where he allows us to enter into his presence, to know his word, even though we're nobody's. And when we go out into the world, we declare the Father. So now we see throughout the whole Bible the um men were able to see the glimpses of God in different forms and every form he came it was showed uh it would take them out of their condition for their day where it was a pillar of fire. God would say I am the I am or if it was Melkisedc then he would he would uh show himself a certain way so that he could take the people out from the condition that they were in. So he always he comes in a specific form according to the work he does. And when he came in the form of Jesus Christ, he was a baby in a manger. Imagine a man subject to time, sickness of the body, subject to trials of the mind. So in the flesh, what did he do? What was why did he come in this form? Because he wanted to do the work of redeeming the whole world. In Hebrews 2:14 it says, "For for much for as much then as the children are partakers of the flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same and through death that he may destroy him that had the power of death that is the devil." So we are childrens that are partakers of flesh and blood. He had to come that way. He had to come in that way, be partaker of that so that he could take that power out. And you know, some people can look at this and begin to criticize and and see the simplicity of of Christ and deny that that could be God. But not you have to know that he came to accommodate our weakness. Amen. So he came in the form in flesh and blood. So you want to know him, he's going to come to your level. You want him, he will come to where you're at and that's where he'll you'll see himself. This is the ultimate act of making himself known. Brother Brandham, he says in the unveiling of God, he says God veiled in Jesus to do the work of redemption at the cross. God could not die as a spirit. He is eternal. But he had to make he had to put on a mask and act a part of death. He did die. But he could not do it in um his his god form. He had to come or he had to do it in the sun form as the son of man on earth. See he had to be son form. Now what form is he in today? So every act, every work that he does in every age, he has to come in certain form to reveal himself to the people. What form is he in today? And what work is he doing today? Amen. He says, well here, brother Brandham says answers the question. He says, can't you see where we're standing? Life is in the grain again. What is it? Just exactly like the same grain that it went into the ground. The same Jesus in bride form. Same power, same church, same thing, same word. So what form is he in today? He's in bride form. He is declaring himself to the people. So every form is specific according to the work that he's that he's doing. And um you know, you start to think about wanting to know God and expecting God and expecting his return. And you you about the Jews expecting him in in their day and and they had this preconception and and you have to think about it in our day, this this great coming of the Lord. What what are we what has come and what is coming? The Jews, they were waiting for for they already had a preconceived thought of who this Christ was going to be. So when they he came in a regular man, they rejected him. Their eyes were veiled to their ignorance, to their understanding. Their eyes were veiled through all of those things. They judged him by the law and they they didn't even understand the law. They believed God, but they limited him to the past. So, so when you want to know who God is, you want to know where where where do we have him? What category do we have him in? When we're waiting for him, where is he? What is he supposed what preconceived thought that that the world is is giving today where say this is God this is how he's supposed to be and we begin to create a box around him and we begin to expect him that way and when he came that way they said whoa this guy's a blasphemer this guy's a drunker this guy's this guy's that brother Brandham says in the unveiling of God he God veiled in a form of a man hid himself from their view. So it wasn't that that God intentionally hid himself. That's what this veil does. He says they could only see a man, but those predestinated seen God. He says one saw a man, the other one saw God. See it was God failed in a human being making both of them right but your faith is in what you don't see. So so both of them were right. One saw veil and the other one saw beyond. One saw who God truly is. That's that's the life that we're living in today. What form of God are you seeing? It might be right, but it's not going to bring your salvation. It's not going to bring the rapture. It's not going to bring a transformation. But when you see him behind the veil, when you see him who he truly is, there's a transformation. You know the amazing thing? Um, if you'd like to turn with me to Matthew 3:11 to13, here's John the messenger, the Elijah, and he has one message to present the coming of the Lord, to show who he is, to prepare the way. That's what this Elijah was for. This is the same Elijah or the same spirit, the same commission that this one in this day is doing and did. He said, he begins to explain and to um show who this Christ is and and show his characteristics and what he's going to do. He says, "Indeed, I baptize you with water unto repentance, but he that cometh after me is mightier than I." So now he's mighty in whose shoes I'm not worthy to bear. He'll baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. What a man. What a God. Whose whose fan is in his hand and he will thoroughly purge the floor, gather the wheat unto the garden, and he'll burn up the shaft and with unquenchable fire. What a message of who this Christ was the one to come. this is the one that's going to come. He's going to baptize you with a Holy Ghost and fire. Then maybe mid mid preaching, he turns and he sees the Christ that's supposed to come. He sees a little little guy, stoop shoulder, 50-year-old looking guy. The only way he was able to understand that that was him because the sign of the dove. And then Jesus come from Galilee uh to the Jordan unto John to be baptized of him. And there they understood this is the Christ. Now you have to understand the message of the prophet. He he prophesied. This is brother Brandham says in the testimony of a true witness. He's explaining what brother uh what John the Baptist message was. He prophesied there would come the witness of the church, the Holy Ghost. So he was preaching and explaining somebody that was that was in Pentecost and and and farther down in the future. He wasn't even explaining the three and a half years that Jesus was going to come. He didn't say there behold there will be one that's coming that's stoop shouldered and he's going to die for our sins. He will suffer all things. He didn't explain that. That wasn't his word. He explained that there was going to be one that was going to baptize him with the Holy Ghost and fire. Then he takes him all the way to the end time, all the way plumbed to the millennium and says, "Yeah, and the fan is in his hands and he's going to thoroughly floors. gather the wheat to the gardener and he was going to burn the chaff with unquenchable fire. He was talking of a Christ to come in the future. And when the Christ came, he wasn't it thought what people thought he was going to be. So, so what Christ is here and what Christ are waiting for. That's why hearing brother um Aaron explain uh souls in prison situations happened where brother Brandham says is this the end? Are are we in the end time now? Because because he came yet he wasn't in the form that we thought he was going to be in and people are still waiting yet he's here and yet we're waiting. Isn't that amazing? There was one time where where Jesus was was talking to the woman the well at the well and he he begins to talk very strange to her. She's sitting there and he's sitting there and and and and she begins to say, "Well, there's going to be a time when all this stuff happens where the spirit and they begin to talk about the spirit and truth and all of these things." And he says, "And the time is," what does he say? He says it will come and is here. Very strange talk where he says it's going to happen but it's here already. There there was this junction time that they were living in to where yes the spirit of God was going to come down but I'm already here. That there was something supposed to happen out there but I am in your midst now. I am in your presence. So that was the picture. And now brother Brandham says in modern um events are made clear by prophecy. He says that John John's eagle eye began to be filmed over. He was in a prison. He was fixing to die and said go ask him. See John John said oh his fan is in his hand. He'll thoroughly purge the floor. He thought the millennium would start right then. He thought the grain was ready, but it had to die and go into the stock and come up again and make the true bride. See, that's in our day. But it had to die. Um Oh, yeah. And he said he'll gather the wheat into the gardener and he'll burn the fire. Watch the foreigner of Christ that age what he said would happen. The grain. So, so he thought it was going to be a certain way. Whenever his eagle eyes came, you know, filmed, he said, "Whoa, is this him?" But it it was Christ coming and making himself known. And and and the amazing thing is during his earthly ministry in this where everybody thought he was going to be in a different way. Everybody thought he was going to be a king and it was going to change the government. And everybody that disciples, Pharisees, everybody thought this was going to be the one that was going to change things. It wasn't going to be a religious movement or it wasn't going to be a church. It was going to be a kingdom that was going to overthrow Rome. So, everybody thought that. But then here he comes in a different form and and he begins to reveal himself publicly to everybody. But just as brother Brandham says, he was he was a man. So he was veiled to those that didn't believe and he was revealed to those that wanted him that wanted to know him. Amen. So So then you despite of his openness, many didn't understand him. He came to his own and his own did not receive him. But then you had these pockets of people that would just receive him and says, "This is the Christ. Who do you say I am? You are the Christ of the living God." Every there was people that began to receive him and who he was. And because of that, because those that rejected him, they didn't see him in his resurrection. He opened himself to all. But whenever he came again, all didn't see him. It was only those that desired to know who he was in the simplicity. That's where we're at. Do you want to know him in his simplicity? And whenever you grasp him, whenever you receive him, then you'll be that group in direction there. He he those people that received him were the only ones that saw him. Mary Magdalene, John, Peter, all of them because just as the Bible says, we receive him and we see glory unto glory unto glory unto glory. So when you see him and you know him, then he'll take you to another step. He'll take you into another step of glory. He'll take you another step of his goodness. And here the same thing whenever he was about to leave there he he he says I I got to go but another one cometh there's another coming thank you Jesus so he's there but another one cometh and they no don't go he says if I don't go the comforter doesn't come so then they had to receive him so that they could receive the comforter it was what from glory from knowing him to knowing him to knowing him to knowing him. We don't know him by flesh. Brother Brandham says that Peter, he didn't know Christ in the flesh. That's why Paul, he was able to receive him because Paul didn't receive him in flesh. He received him by revelation. Amen. We can we can come to church all our lives, but if we don't receive that revelation, if we don't desire for to really know who he is, then we're just never going to receive what we need in church services, in the tapes that we listen to, in the worship that we we have. We will never receive him until we say, "Lord, give me that revelation. Lord, let me know you. let me see who you truly are. Then that's when God will will truly show himself to us. Let us stand to our feet. I I I truly believe that um that's each and every one of our desires is to give God all the glory and say, "Lord, I want more of you." Amen. If the musicians would like to come up and let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, you're worthy of all the honor and the glory. Lord, you're just so good to make yourself known to us people that are unworthy. Father, we we are nobody special. We're not a special lineage. We we we not righteous by our own works, but Father, Lord, somehow by your grace, you've allowed us to come into your presence, Lord. Allowed us to be called your bride. Allowed us to be called saved. Father, I just ask that you bring yourself down to each and every person here. that if they they're struggling to get closer to you or if they need more of you, Father, that Lord, you may be readily available for them. Father God, give to them what they need. Reveal yourself in the healing. Reveal yourself in in taking care of the situation. And moreover, Father, reveal yourself in the word through them, Father, so that they may know you. Lord, we thank you for everything that you have done. We ask all this in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you. God be with you.
