################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - Resolving Evil - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-03
Title:   Resolving Evil
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMvntZ4t9vU
========================================

Description:
Resolving Evil
Sunday Service: August 3, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Isaiah 45:es 56 and 7. I am the Lord and there is none else. There is no God beside me. I girded thee, though thou hast not known me. That they may know from the rising of the sun and from the west that there is none beside me. I am the Lord and there is none else. I form the light and create darkness. I make peace and create evil. I the Lord do all these. Amen. You may be seated. I have a very unique title that um I've chosen for the service today and I'll spend a little bit of time on the outset explaining my choice of the word resolving here. But the title is resolving evil. We're not talking about you resolving to do evil. But we are looking at uh just even as this scripture already referenced, God says, "I create evil." And evil is something that's present in our lives. There's a lot of evil things that happen to us. And one of the things I've been thinking about a lot and we'll maybe try to give some context to it is some of the difficult situations we have found ourselves in in life. So it may be something past or things that we presently experience now. maybe consequences of decisions or something that's happened to us that weighs us down, that burdens us significantly. And those things can become uh uh debilitating. They can really uh you know work against us and our liberty in Christ and even understanding our lives. And so I'm using this phrase here uh just as a a title to help you kind of understand what I'm looking at is maybe just trying to resolve evil. What is it? Uh give it its place. Now I want to first define uh res a resolution. And so that's kind of what the uh working from resolving here. Resolution in music theory describes the movement of a chord from tension to rest. And all the musicians here I trust that you enjoy this uh particular part. But it's the movement of a chord from tension to rest from instability to stability. As we've been looking at music, I felt that this was a theme that we could use or principle in music we could use uh in this subject of resolving evil. And so when there's a resolution, there's a a note or some melodic line that flows from this state of anticipation to closure where you get the certain expectation and then it satisfies that expectation. So when that happens, there's this sense of release and this is in music theory and those that can play the guitar, you can be demonstrated on a piano. uh it occurs when the harmony or the melody lands on that that another stable chord. When that happens, that's considered or or pitch. That's the rest. And it's what's built up. You go, "Ah, that satisfies." I may have, should have, may have, should have, could have, maybe will have it demonstrated. Uh maybe I'll have Preston help me demonstrate this or Micah, somebody demonstrate so you can hear it audibly because it makes so much sense even as you hear it. But this tension or anticipation that's created by using these certain tones and we may get into more detail. The world might some might call it if you're a heavy metal fan the the devil's chord or the the evil trionee but some of that's just mythology. But as it is structured and it's used that tension or anticipation it's called dissonance. In music theory it's dissonance. And when it's resolved that stability and that closure rest it's called consonance. So there's this dissonance, this instability, this tension, uh this anticipation. But when it's satisfied, uh and and you feel this relief, that's that's called consonance. As brother Eleaser was ministering the last service about hope and there's this hope, this anticipation, this waiting and when it's satisfied, that's the rest for you've received it. And so this structure or system it gives as you listen to music it's one of the things especially in western music and songs that we enjoy in Christian music uh it gives this hearer as you're listening to music this feeling of completion and a sense of rest when it's satisfied when it resolves there's a particular piece entitled vexations I believe it was written in the late 1800s the whole piece is comprised solely of dissonance that never resolves and this is the entire piece I think it's they try to they wrestle with some of the notation about really how long you need to play this, but I think it saysund 840 times. And so it's something it's the sound is just over and over and over again and you keep waiting for it to finish. You know, when we sing a song and then we end on that one chord, we know that it's over. But if it stays on that same pitch or tone, we're thinking there's more to it. There's got to be more. There's a there's another verse coming. There's even one song we sing. I can't remember it offhand now, but it's like there's really no end to it because where the chorus ends, you have to immediately resolve back on the verse and then the verse has to go back into the chorus and then when you have chorus, it doesn't end. So, you got to go back to the verse and it just cycles over and over again. And so, there's you got to find that place to rest. You got to find that place where it all uh settles. And so, this very piece is called vexations. Why is it vexation? because there's something unsettling about those tones and about that sound that it doesn't resolve. And so dissonance or this instability is resolved when it moves to stability, &gt;&gt; when it moves to consonants, when you find that rest. And so in that in that you can see there's something that builds tension and instability, but then there it's resolved. When it's resolved, it brings rest. Now in Romans chapter 8 26-28 I I want to use this scripture with that as kind of what my subject is using these musical terms and and if you have some familiarity with that yourself and you know how that feels with music. I want you to begin to recognize that life follows this pattern in Romans chapter 8 beginning with verse 26. Likewise the spirit also helpeth our infirmities. This is a sickness. This is a weakness. For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. This is that grief and sorrow uh that you have that you can't utter, but the spirit's going to bring it forth. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what the mind of the spirit. What is the mind of the spirit? Because he maketh intercession for the saints. And this phrase I believe is important according to the will of God. So there's intercession for infirmities, for weakness. There's grieving, there's sorrows, there's groanings that you can't utter that the spirit is going to make intercession for. And it's interceding according to the will of God. That there's these things present, but yet now God is the will of God is being is God is interceding that his will would still yet be accomplished, be resolved, be finished. And then in verse 20 it says, "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose." All things are even these infirmities, this groaning, this weakness, this sorrow, these things that we would have to plead God because of, these things that become the impetus for crying out, these things that become the cause of our groaning and our sadness. says, "All these things work together for good." And that word there means agreement, agreeable or or pleasant. They work for the good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose. So in this infirmities and groanings in this scripture, and if you look even at some of the context in this chapter, the sufferings, the persecution, the the famine, the nakedness, the peril, all the things that we might suffer, uh we would see these things as being afflictions. It would be evil. It'd be wicked to endure it or it's not fun. Nothing you'd want to volunteer for. And so I want to take an honest look at evil. Maybe we could use the term dissonance a little bit. But it's this evil that is implied in all things because it doesn't give a qualification. As a matter of fact, again, you read it in the context of chapter 8, you're going to realize, wow, there's a lot of things we suffer, a lot of things we go through. There's a lot of uh uh things that we're oppressed with and a lot of loss we experience and dreams we have that are shattered and relationships uh that we relied upon that go away, there's a lot of things that are very very difficult. But yet all those things are implied in all things. &gt;&gt; And as much as we would like to just be numb to it and maybe if we could just run fast enough we could get away from it, I think maybe it's sometimes it's necessary instead of just trying to forget all about it but wrestle with the bad in our life. Not trying to get you to go back and question your salvation. Not trying to get you to dig up some things in your past to trigger you, but those things that are haunting that you can't quite figure out. Maybe sometimes we need to take a look at it and understand what God's doing. &gt;&gt; In James chapter 1, we start read with verse 16 to 18. the uh and I want to I want us I want to just move a little bit here and just begin to look at how perfect God is. One of the things that I was thinking about is uh when we preached on beauty and symmetry and perfection and all these things and yet you you have this idea all things are perfect, everything is good, everything's pleasant and then well where does the uh where does brokenness fit into that? Where does disfigurement and where does sickness and pain and why would Jesus still be scarred after the resurrection? And so there is still yet and and think about this not giving away too much here but this is in my heart Lord willing we're tracking this but there's something about brokenness God loves &gt;&gt; because it's a broken heart that contrite spirit he can't he can't refuse. &gt;&gt; So it's not he's not turned away by that. So there's uh uh these there's things in our lives that we can't quite resolve on our own. They're a paradox to us. And so I want to look at this perfection of God because I think this is where it begins for us as we think well man if there's any bad I'm in trouble. James chapter 1. Do not heir my beloved brethren. Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above and cometh down from the father of lights with whom is no variableness neither shadow of turning. And in this we can see that good comes from God. Every good gift and every perfect gift whatever tends to holiness or glory or consenance agreeableness peace that comes from God. Verse 17 is saying whatever is good comes from God. There's no darkness or change in him at all. And in the context of this very chapter in verses 13 to 15 as he's looking through these things evil cannot come from God. When a man is sins he can't say God made me sin. When a man is tempted, he cannot say God uh uh God made me sin because God evil does not come from God. Neither can God be tempted by evil. &gt;&gt; But he says he's the father of lights. And in verse 18, this father of light of his own will begat he us with the word of truth that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures. So the father of light has created you by the word. A father in whom there is no darkness. A father in whom there's no change or variableness and one who there's only good gifts and every perfect gift is in him. So if he has fathered us and brought us forth by his word, by the word of truth. So it's not God with something else. It's God by the word produces this God word child, the son or daughter of God. Then it gives us the expectation of having the same quality or character. In 1 Peterap 1 23, Peter said, "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever." So when we are born again, we are born by this eternal seed of God, which cannot be corrupted. There's no corruption in it. There's no darkness in it. There's no death in it. There's only life, perfect life, perfectly eternal life. &gt;&gt; So we have a God who is our father that doesn't birth or bring forth mistakes. doesn't birth or bring forth sin. &gt;&gt; And so immediately if we are a child of God and something we do something wrong or something bad happens, then there's this room where the devil can say, "Would God do that?" Right? There's only two forces in the world, good and evil. And then you you you drink uh um some spoiled milk and get a stomach ache and I've been infiltrated with evil. Right? Because there's only two thing two choices. And so it can become very overwhelming. In Genesis chapter 1, we're going to end the chapter with verse 31 and pick up the next chapter 2 with verses 1, 2, and three. So, I'm using these together, I want to see this work of God. Every good and perfect gift comes from God. At this point, this may more flow as um just kind of a you just kind of stay with me as it will just move maybe with some momentum through the rest of this thought. And God saw everything that he had made and behold, it was very good. Here he is on the sixth day of creation and the evening and the morning were the sixth day. God is satisfied. This is pleasant. This is agreeable. Eden actually means this is harmonious to me. This agrees with me. This is my pleasure. This is pleasuring to me. God's garden of pleasure. Thus the heaven and the earth were finished and all the host of them. There's this completion, this rest. So on the seventh day, God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and it sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made at the end of chapter 1 and at the beginning of chapter 2 we could see this is a picture of beauty perfect beauty it's perfectly harmonious there's nothing disagreeable God looking at these things and saying oh this is good this is very good even see according to the message of the hour and even biblically where that after man had been created and man was doing a work that God drawing the woman out of the man. It's even happening within the context of creation. So when God looks at it, he's not he's not stopping and saying this is bad, nothing's good. He says this is very good. I'm resting on this and I think there could be there's room maybe for some different uh interpretations and I'm certainly not wanting to make a doctrine out of that. But it sure it sure looks like even according to things brother Brandham has said and according to the Bible that even Eve comes forth before that day of rest. And but yet we could look at this and say even if there was something lacking God would only be bringing forth another evolution or or another piece. It wouldn't be something like oh no what have I done? I've marred my own creation. He'd be bringing out of what already existed. So there was nothing uh dissonant about the garden and Satan's Eden. Brother Ram said there was no evil. It was perfect peace, perfect harmony, everything in perfection. And when God had it under his control, he had his world. He had it all. He had all in operation. He had everything coming, everything eating vegetations. There's your quote, vegetarians right there, eating everything, eating vegetations. Nothing to die, nothing to be ruined, nothing to be spoiled. It was just perfect. And over it all, he placed his beloved children, his son and daughter, a husband and wife, to control it. everything perfect and he said when God rested he placed his son and daughter there and he rest and it's after that rest that Satan comes in. So this is God's pleasure garden. At the end of chapter two, we can say this is creation. This is perfect. Everything's great in oneness. He said the first man and first woman in the garden even were in perfect harmony with God. So much that God could come down at any time. He desired and to talk lipto ear with Adam and Eve. Now that is perfect oneness. God and his creation. God speaking lip to ear with Adam and Eve. And they were so perfect in harmony with God till they were one with God. Notice we could borrow maybe just a musical use of that term harmony. But no matter they were there's all these different levels and levels of creation and different needs. There's there's plants. There's creeping things. There's trees. There's fruits. There's birds. There's fish. There's beast of the field. And there's man and woman. And there's so many different levels. Things of the ground, things of the sea, water, earth, there's sky, there's heavens. so many different variations. It wasn't just monochromatic. Everything is beautiful and varied, but yet God looks at it and they're all in harmony. &gt;&gt; They they are all uh working together. It wasn't just one mass of everything looking exactly the same and everybody repeating the same thing, but in their differences and their different pitches and tones and textures, in all the different ways that God was expressing this beautiful masterpiece, it blended together in perfect harmony. And then as we open chapter 3, and I'm I'm very much self-aware as to how much I use these uh instances in scripture and and so if it's if it's a crutch for me, then the Lord will help me to move beyond it. But let's just trust that there's things here we can continue to explore and get out of this. But in Genesis 3:1, now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, "Ya hath God said, 'Ye shall not eat of every tree in the garden." If we're looking at the first two chapters of as a symphony, and beautiful things are unfolding and and every the birds are chirping and and and now when you get to chapter 3, it's that part in the movie where the music changes &gt;&gt; and you know something bad's about to happen and all of a sudden the serpent starts talking. And so there is something uh that that is interjecting here that interrupts it suddenly. It feels like this picture changes and you can feel tension. &gt;&gt; Everything's beautiful. But then one day a question is asked. Hath God said you shall not eat of every tree of the garden? &gt;&gt; And we know what begins to unfold. But at that very moment the the harmony that was there is being challenged. And as that's challenged, how that that it how it moves is to a place to where it's lost. &gt;&gt; How how does it get to this point? It's perfect. Everything's absolutely perfect, but then all of a sudden it's not. &gt;&gt; And we see the serpent that is this uh that instigates this evil that comes. But as we look at it in Genesis 1:es 24 and 25 and God said, "Let the earth bring forth a living creature after his kind, cattle and creeping thing, those things which crawl upon the earth, and the beast of the earth after his kind." And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and the cattle after their kind, and everything that creepeth upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. So the serpent was created on this sixth day. He's included in the good. God didn't it doesn't say and I don't believe it's hiding anything from us because that's the very thing the serpent was suggesting to Eve is that when God looked at creation on that sixth day and say and created these this cattle and everything that creeped upon the earth when he made the serpent a and he made the beast that would walk upright when he created these things on that day. He looks at this this this from the beast serpent, the serpent that stands upright to the one that would crawl upon and creep on the crawling on the ground. He looked at all of these on that day and he said, "It's good." &gt;&gt; He doesn't say, "And one of you is a devil." Right? Like Jesus did to his disciples. The serpent's included in the good. Yet now the serpent is being used to tempt women and not just tempt her but slander God. Right? &gt;&gt; And it's something perfectly harmonious. Now, there's slandering of God. And the focus of the serpent's discussion that day is about God's creation and the purpose of God's uh of creation in God's word. God's word. What's the purpose of God's word? You shall not eat of this and you shall eat of that. What's the purpose of it? What's God trying to accomplish? Is he hiding something from you? Is what are the consequences of it? It's not a I would say it's uh it's distilled into symbolic language, but it's focused on God's creation and the purpose of God's word and even the consequences for violating it. Everything in perfect harmony, stability, consonants. The melody is just flowing wonderfully. Yet within the framework of God's Eden, there's temptation. And with the temptation tension, the question itself is God said that you shall not eat of every tree of the garden. And the woman's like, well, yeah, he said that we can eat except for this one. He's like, yeah, but and what is that? That's that this uneasiness. Well, wait a minute. You can remember when somebody begin to tell you, well, you know that that's not right. And you begin to feel when you get corrected or somebody comes up to you and says, did you hear did you hear this? Did you hear about that? and something this happened and that happened and this happened and that happened and all a sudden you start to feel like un an anxious &gt;&gt; a little uneasy. Well, what what do you mean? I I I didn't know about that. I didn't hear about that. Maybe even if it's criticisms of what you believe and certain rumors or certain lies about people you love and all it's like wait the tension begins to build. &gt;&gt; That's right. And in that moment in God's perfect Eden, the tone had changed. And it's the question about the tree, partaking of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And when we see that God created the serpent, you also find that God put the tree there. &gt;&gt; Genesis chapter 2:es 8 and 9, the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden. And there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food. The tree of life also. So these are trees that are not good for food. These are trees that do not grow out of the ground. The scripture is very explicit about this. The tree of life also in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. So God has planted this tree or we could say God has created this tree and it's not a tree that's purely evil but it's a tree of knowledge of good and evil. This is a a very unique tree. This is a tree that's used in a lot of different ways in the message. It's used in different ways in scripture. There's a lot of rich symbolism when it comes to it. But this tree of knowledge of good and evil was put there by God. Then in verse 16 and 17, the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat, of those ones which grew out of the ground and were good for food." But now he addresses this other tree so that there's no confusion. but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Thou shalt not eat of it. Does not prohibit them from eating of the tree of life. &gt;&gt; But he is prohibiting them from eating of this tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. And now he gives this consequence. For in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. &gt;&gt; Is God not great enough to where he could have put the tree there and told them not to eat it, but yet not said if you eat it, you die? I mean, couldn't they just lose some clout, right? Couldn't they just like Sonet the Hedgehog just lose a bunch of rings as soon as it happens or something? Couldn't they find a softer landing for violating this? But God, the one that's in control of everything, says this day that you eat of this, you die. &gt;&gt; And the majority of the Christian world believes, literally believes that it was a fruit that would have had very little, very little nutritional value. that God just simply said don't eat to test them on their obedience &gt;&gt; and they've reduced it. Goes to tell you a lot how much maybe modern Christianity struggles with food &gt;&gt; because it's just like don't eat that or you're going to die. Well, I think a lot of us don't have a problem with that, right? If you eat it, it's going to kill you. Who wants to go to the puffer fish buffet today &gt;&gt; in in Chandler &gt;&gt; or Gilbert? It had to be in Gilbert. We be like, "I don't I don't know about that, brother Aaron. This is a very poisonous frog. We should eat it." I don't know about that, brother Aaron. But yet, there's this idea modern Christianity that it was a literal fruit and that God just said, you know, don't eat that one &gt;&gt; because if you eat it, I'm going to kill you. &gt;&gt; But God wasn't saying if you eat that apple, I'm going to kill you. But he's saying there's something about this tree that it represents or that it can do to you that's going to upset my program. It's going to change the way things are and the way that I've established things, the things that you ought to eat and the tree of life. And so if you eat of it, it will cause you to die. It will result in death. &gt;&gt; The day they ate it, God didn't slay them, but let the process run its course and eventually they died, never living out that day. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said, "In the Garden of Eden, there were two trees. One was good, one was evil. One produced life, the other produced death. There's some controversy on different levels about what this tree was. Brother Bam said it was the woman. In another place, he says in the church age book, he's basically saying it was the wicked one. We can see that mankind, man, women are all can be represented by trees. But this tree of life represented the righteous one. The tree of knowledge of good and evil is now associated with the wicked one. So right there in the garden of Eden, God places the man and woman in perfection, in perfect harmony with the possibility of being tempted. &gt;&gt; And in acting on that temptation, death. that there was this possibility yet with all the perfection there was this commandment of don't do this because the consequences are death and that's why God fortified his children behind the word if everything was peace and safety and everything was perfect why would God need fortification &gt;&gt; maybe these are philosophical questions just to chew on a little bit but yet God places them there with the nearness of temptation and the consequence of that decision would have significant ramifications now I don't think any of us would mistake ourselves as being in Eden. Not quite yet. Maybe in four months it'll feel a bit more like one. But yet we realize just how near mistakes are or how large consequences are to things that we've said or things that we've done and we live with those consequences. Some people have done things that have resulted accidents and tragedies where people close to them have died. And so this is the reality of life where there's temptation nearby and there's consequences &gt;&gt; if we partake in it. In Deuteronomy 30 19 in the Exodus, they're near Jordan in the plains of Moab. They've journeyed in the wilderness all these years. And now, as they get ready to leave this wilderness, as they are in this wilderness of death and wandering and and starvation, they're getting ready to enter back into this land flowing with milk and honey, the more fertile ground, perhaps more centrally located to this Garden of Eden. says, "I I call heaven and earth to record this day against you that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life that both thou and thy seed may live." Israel's now having to choose between life and death. It resembles the exodus out of Eden. Having made the choice of death, they're thrust into the wilderness. &gt;&gt; Away from a land flowing with honey and a land flowing with milk and vegetation and nothing having to die. And God had set before them what? Life and death. What did they choose? They chose death. Here God in the Exodus again, it's kind of in a reverse image where now he sets before them life and death. You have a choice to make and consequences to live with. Now this evil that we see arise in Genesis chapter 3 was not made by God or it doesn't have its genesis in Genesis 1. This evil was not made by God within the context of Genesis chapter 1 and Genesis chapter 2 wherein God is creating on the first day, second day, third day, fourth day and then somewhere in the sixth day God kind of created evil and just kind of hid it from us. Uh but yet it began in heaven &gt;&gt; in Exodus 28:13. It says, "Thou hast been in Eden, the garden of God." So Satan is in Eden. He is there in Eden. He's the one that's using the the susceptibility of the serpent, this enchanter. He's using this one to cause uh to cause this tension and temptation in the garden to get the woman to choose death. &gt;&gt; Reminds me of even how the non could not curse Israel, but he talked he taught bail how to cause Israel to bring a curse upon themselves. &gt;&gt; And so the serpent is trying to do this. He can't curse the woman. He can't indwell the woman. He can't infiltrate her and can't make her move. So, she's got to make the decision on her own accord. And so, Satan is in Eden, but he was first in heaven. &gt;&gt; Verse 15 says, "Thou was perfect in thy ways from the day that thou was created till iniquity was found in thee." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God created Lucifer perfect. &gt;&gt; Thou was perfect in thy ways. There was this God fashioning Lucifer and and and making him a as this angel, this right-hand man, and we've read recently how he made him with music and tabs and had this great glory. He's perfect in the day that he's created until iniquity is found. It's iniquity is evil. In the Hebrew, it's evil. It's dissonance. He's perfect. And now all of a sudden he's not perfect. &gt;&gt; God created him perfect. He's leading worship. He's the right-hand man. He's equal to God in every way, but he can't create. But then through rebellion, it's found. It's apprehended. He attains to dissonance. He hit the trionee, right? All of a sudden, Lucifer is over there. No, there he found a tone. He found a he he found iniquity, evil in him. It lacked the harmony. In Isaiah 14:12 said, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning?" How art thou cut down to the ground which does weaken the nations? Lucifer means lightbearer bearer. He was a a bearer of light as a light carrier. He he carries light. He's the shining one. He's the morning star, the son of the morning, the morning star. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer? He had was in heaven and then there's iniquity that he attains to this evil this dissonance that he attains to and then once he attains to that it says that he has fallen from heaven. Revelations 12:es 7 to9 there's different applications for these things and their compound type. It says and there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon and the dragon fought and his angels and he prevailed not neither was their place found anymore in heaven and the great dragon was cast out. That old serpent called the devil and Satan. Now we just covered all the bases &gt;&gt; which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth and his angels were cast out with him. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; This is where we find Satan on earth in the garden. Thou hast been in Eden, the garden of God. So where did where did evil begin? It began in heaven. &gt;&gt; And it's c. So if we've ever thought of a place of perfection, heaven, right? That's a perfect place. God, this invisible God who dwells in a realm by himself, created this heaven. And this realm that he existed in as the logos with angels and all these created things there in there, Lucifer, this bright star, this lightbearer, attained to evil and God cast it down to earth. And that's why we find him in the garden of God. That's why the Bible says he had fallen from heaven. When iniquity was found in heaven, God addressed it and he brought peace. He re resolved the evil by casting it out. And there's this pattern, this architecture, maybe rhythm in the word that teaches us something about God. When evil was attained to in heaven, he cast it down to earth. Genesis 1:es 1 and 2. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth, and the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. I love looking at this scripture and considering this is how God chose to open up the Bible. We see the bride and the bridegroom. In the very first verse, God created the heaven, Christ, and the earth, the bride, his body. that here is God with his bridegroom and his bride, God with his family in the very first verse. But then as he starts to unpack this, he says, "The earth was without form and void and darkness is upon the face of the deep." These are words that imply instability, chaos, confusion. I &gt;&gt; It's something that is unresolved, something that uh has a an anxiousness to it. says in Jeremiah 4:23, I I beheld the earth and lo, it was without form and void and the heavens and they had no light. The languages it was wasted. It was chaotic. There was confusion. It was without form and void and the heavens had no light. So there's it's such a massive confusion that it's really not even discernible what it is. In the darkness, we can imagine a lot of things. A and who knows what the sounds would have been, what things, what shadows and what what horrible condition and state that was at that moment. And this is the chaos Satan is cast down into. And now let's look at Genesis 3 7-10 because I want to compare this state in Jeremiah 1:2, excuse me, Genesis 1:2 and Jeremiah 4 to the state of mankind immediately after the fall. &gt;&gt; So now that they have partaken of the fruit, the woman with the serpent, now the woman brings it to Adam, and the eyes of them both were opened and they knew that they were naked. So this is a an awareness, a cognitive awakening that they hadn't yet had to their condition and their perception is different because they were naked and not ashamed. Now their shame associated with this nakedness and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. Now I think can't remember uh who was ministering on it uh while we were away but said you know how doesn't we don't know maybe maybe it was brother Reggie. We don't know how long it was from the moment they sinned to the time that God begins to come. But think of this time, this moment where the panic sets in. And now it's what do we do? Could there have been nights of wrestling with this? When is God going to address this? Usually he comes down in the cool of the evening. He didn't come this time. How long did it take place? Over what time period is this state of agony unfolding? Let's sew fig leaves together. Let's cover ourselves. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God among the trees of the garden. And a lot of those places I was reading last week about perfect harmony. God would say God would come down. He's we read already. He talk lip to ear to them. This personal intimate relationship. Nothing's out of cater. You ever had those times when maybe you need to say something? You need to have a difficult conversation. It's time for a little bit of uh uh dialogue. And so you're going to come together and you're going to have this you need to have this conversation and let's just go on a walk eight miles later, right? You're still talking about innocuous things. You can't quite bring up because you're uncomfortable. &gt;&gt; Or maybe you know this kind of those things like you know it's like uh can you please come in my office? I need to talk to you. I like saying that to people on Sunday mornings. I need you in my office after service. Just leave it at that. You know, what happened? What happened? What did I do? What did I do? That's me. As soon as someone says, "Aaron, can I give you a call?" I'm like, "Oh no. What have I done? What have I done? It's just a complex and uh there's this sense of the the way that they must have been reacting and feeling and now God is going to come. He's going to walk in the garden. And they hide themselves with so much fear. &gt;&gt; And the Lord called unto Adam said, "And where art thou?" And he said, "I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because I was naked, and I hid myself." the the response of Adam and the woman after the fall is just as chaotic and unstable as the beginning. &gt;&gt; That now in this place that they presently set, there's this fear that grips them. In this fear, there's this panic. And in the panic, there's this complete forgetfulness because now, now that they've eaten the fruit, they know all things. And in this state of enlightenment, they know they can play hide-and-seek with God and he won't be able to see them. doesn't know where they are. Hey, that that's exactly where their mind had gone. It's so unstable. It's so chaotic. &gt;&gt; And this is the condition of the earth. This is a condition of mankind in Genesis 3. And it mirrors this condition of the heavens and earth in Genesis chapter 1 verse two. But verse three, chapter 1 says, "And God said, let there be light." Now something begins to transform. Something begins to change. Let there be light and there was light. And God saw the light and he says that's good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light day and the darkness he called night and the evening and the morning were the first day. So you recognize what's happening here. The earth is chaotic and the heavens are dark. A and the earth is without form and it's it's vanity. It's vexation. There's nothing discernible. There's no shape or form that's pleasing. And then God brings light and he calls it day. And he says, "Darkness, you're still here. We'll call you night." Verse 18 and 19, he says, "And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good." These are these lesser and greater lights. And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. I don't have a lot more on my heart to share with you this morning in terms of how much I I I think I want to cover it. So maybe closing here very soon. But if you could just catch this principle in the very beginning that God doesn't completely do away with darkness. &gt;&gt; When there was darkness, there was chaos and confusion. When God said, "Let there be light," it wasn't darkness is gone. &gt;&gt; All gone. Never. Never any more darkness. He leaves the darkness &gt;&gt; and he uses it. &gt;&gt; So he doesn't abolish it, but he uses it and he ordains these intervals of light and darkness. There's going to be this rhythm. There's going to be even if we broke it into uh uh three different eighthour uh sections in in in a day and then we put it into two 12-hour periods that cover that that whole three uh three tones that would cover 24 hours. God divided it all mathematically, musically. He says, "I'll still use I can still use that darkness." For he said in Isaiah 45:7, "I form the light and create darkness. I make peace and create evil. I the Lord do all these things." &gt;&gt; This darkness that exists on earth, God says, "Let there be light." And now the light imposes itself upon the darkness. But he says, "I formed the light." And by forming light, what are you going what are you going to have? darkness. &gt;&gt; I make peace and where there's peace, there has to be the opposite, &gt;&gt; this evil. &gt;&gt; There is uh we we like to say no justice, no peace, right? And if there's if there's if there's peace, there has to be evil because that peace is tranquility and rest from the evil. I form the light and I make peace. God uses light and peace. These are even characteristics of himself. He is consonants. He is stability. But then he allows darkness and evil. The dissonance, the instability. I form the light. I make peace. Darkness is created and evil is created. There's this what this speaks to what God allows to fulfill his will. Form it means he predestinates. He ordains to make. It means he fashions or he uses. I form the light. I create darkness. I make peace. I create evil. God is using these things. If you're needing just a little bit of something to hold on to, what does God what brother Ram say about death? God puts bits in its mouth. Amen. &gt;&gt; He doesn't completely do away with it. He just uses it. &gt;&gt; There'll be a time when he does, but in the meantime, he uses it. &gt;&gt; In first John chapter 1 verse5, this then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. So this darkness is not coming from the nature and character of God, but it is a contrast to God. He forms light. So there's the contrast of darkness. He makes peace and therefore he has created in essence evil. &gt;&gt; As this contrast, this law of contrast to God &gt;&gt; and when when God in whom there is no darkness at all, God who is light, when this evil is attained to in heaven, he cast it out because there can't be evil in heaven. says in Revelations 12:8, "And he prevailed not, neither was their place found anymore in heaven." This is evil being cast out of heaven. God purged heaven of evil. In Genesis 3:4, when evil and sin arose in the garden, he drove out the man and placed at the east of Eden uh cherubams and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life. When evil entered Eden, God ridded even Eden of the evil. Continue to read your Bible to chapter 4. It introduces dissonance. That evil that produces the restlessness, the longing, the anxiousness, the murder, and everything that follows. So that when we look at life from that moment on, Job writes in Job 14:1, "Man that is born of a woman is or it's written in Job, man that is born of a woman is of a few days and full of trouble, commotion, disturbance." &gt;&gt; This hasn't changed. man is of a few days and life is hard. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So much so to where Solomon says in Ecclesiastes 21:17, "Therefore, I hated life." Some of you thought it was okay to get a tattoo. You'd probably put that on your ankle. &gt;&gt; Therefore, I hated life. Some might this might be your favorite scripture because and it's this, think of it. Solomon, who could afford anything, who could resolve any issue, right? I could buy it. I can wise my way out of it. Whatever it was, he looked at everything. I have a number of scriptures I'm going to read and to share with you. But I thought, well, this pretty much sums it up. Therefore, I hated life because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievious unto me. Everything under the sun grieves him. &gt;&gt; All right, we like this, isn't it? Isn't this good? &gt;&gt; This is really good stuff here. I feel you. I feel you, preacher Solomon. Love you, man. For all is vanity and vexation of spirit. In the end, he's saying, I look at life and it's it's only evil continually. It's dissonant. And he and he's seek he's seeking resolution, right? He's saying, "Well, I do all this, but what's going to be after me? What's it going to land on? How's my how's my wealth going to be handled? Is there any rest from the labor?" And he says, "No, there's not." &gt;&gt; There's never a point where the tension is resolved. &gt;&gt; How don't we feel that way, &gt;&gt; right? We feel like, man, if I could just lose a few pounds, I'm I'm going to find that that that that really my groove. I'm going to feel good. I'm going be happy. I just need to take this pill. And listen, they don't have enough catam or whatever it is they sell at these gas stations in bottles to make your life nonvexing. &gt;&gt; It only compounds our misery. &gt;&gt; He says, "I hate life because everything's vanity and vexation. It's unsettling. It's restless. The patterns, the es and flows. Just when we think things are good, right? Finally, finally, you're completely debt and it's all paid off. And you get a certified letter from the IRS. Hey, &gt;&gt; this is how life works. &gt;&gt; Come back to God. I'm going to serve God. Things things are going to go great. Your family falls apart. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Job 30 26. When I looked for good, then evil came unto me. &gt;&gt; And when I waited for light, there came darkness. We draw the principle from Job to say that those things that he feared came upon him. His expectation brought the evil, but now he's looking for good. He's hoping for good. He's wanting good, but yet still evil comes. When I waited for light, darkness came. This is life. This is what I began to ponder over the last few weeks on my vacation. I hate life. No, this is what I pondered. in a 100% humidity, sleeping in a barn with a million dead flies around me and the smell of goats and chickens. Begin to think about the allegory of life is just like a barn. No, I begin to think life is just full of vexations. And as much as we preach Christ is here and healing and salvation, and as much as we sing these hymns that are victorious, and as much as we believe that we're free from sin, we begin to look at our lives, realize, hey, it's far from perfect. &gt;&gt; We preach a gospel that husbands and wives are to marry for life and to raise their children to fear God and never do such a thing as that, that they might get married and we're going to experience grandchildren. We're all going to be one big happy family at Thanksgiving. And then we experience such devastation in life where that dream is shattered &gt;&gt; and try to make sense of that &gt;&gt; but dissonance in music within our western tradition I can say very solidly and I'm just using as a type not as the truth but as a type of the truth but dissonance has its resolution when it moves to a consonance. Brother Mike, I'm on the right track there. That's kind of a little bit Maddie, tell him to shake vigorously. Head up and down. Yeah, you're good. Yeah, that's when it when it when it there's this tone that then can resolve when it comes back to that that major like ah that sounds good. That's the rest. But when resolution is delayed, it creates suspense. This is what a composer will do on purpose. This is this is what's done in storytelling. It causes drama. The more that it's delayed, it creates this greater sense of expectation. It builds it builds. It's building and you're waiting to to hit that note where you know it's resolved. It flows out into this completion and this rest. And so dissonance if we want to say evil it reaches it's resolved when we find the rest. It's resolved when it when it comes to that when the expectation is satisfied. And I just want to use this very quickly. In Genesis 3:15 God promises a resolution to evil. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. This seems like a lot of dissonance. This seems like a lot of compounding the sorrows. God saying, "I'm going to thrust you out into a world called the wilderness and and it's going to be very difficult. It's going to be very hard. But with there's going to be a resolution and her seed, it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel." This is the promise of redemption. I said God's promising a resolution. &gt;&gt; A resolution to the evil, the tension that has been brought up in this fall. We know according to the word of God, the Messiah would resolve the tension. He would bring this long awaited stability and rest because as we find mankind leaving the garden and then coming to uh the destruction of the earth through the flood, he leaves the ark and he falls into the same pattern and the entire Old Testament is the same pattern of tension building and man falling to his to evils and iniquity. But there's this promise that flows through. There's this kind of this chord that's playing in the background that keeps signaling where this needs to go. And it's this note that says the Messiah is going to come and that's going to resolve the tension. &gt;&gt; All the high places are going to be made low. All the things are going to be straightened out. All the good is going to be is going to be made manifest. This long awaited stability and rest. It says in Isaiah 25:9 and it said be shall be said in that day, lo, this is our God. We have waited for him. This is that anticipation, this expectation because life's created it. Though the man and woman in the garden had a promise that was oncoming, there wasn't tension in that. It was consonant. It's perfect. Everything was beautiful. But now after the fall, there's this the notes and the sounds create this tension. You notice how a lot of Hebrew songs have that longing in it, that almost a melancholy of a, oh, come. Oh, we're longing. It's pining. It builds this expectation. We have waited for him and he will save us. This is the Lord. We have waited for him. We'll be glad and rejoice in his salvation. That's why they looked for that rest, that reign of the Messiah that would bring them rest from strife, perfect peace and harmony in all the world. The Gentiles would come to his light. In Revelations 21:4, he says, "And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes." &gt;&gt; Amen. And there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying. Neither shall there be any more pain. &gt;&gt; And that's just not the pain we experience when we stub our toe. That's the pain of divorce. It's the pain of death. It's the pain of barrenness. It's the pain of loss. It's the pain of things that we so loved and desired that were ripped away from us. He said, "There'll be no more death, no sorrow, no crying, no more pain, &gt;&gt; for the former things are passed away. the former things, death, sorrow, crying, pain, they're passed away. &gt;&gt; In Romans chapter 8, verse 28, and we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. In other words, the former things will have their resolution. The death, the sorrow, the crying, the pain, they're all moving to a resolution. This is what God says. Now, we we may not be able to figure it out, but if you're feeling that, if you experience it, then that dissonance, it tells us that according to God's word, that has to be resolved. &gt;&gt; That we can't we can't go to heaven with something eating at us. &gt;&gt; We're not going to go into heaven with this emptiness that somehow the devil got the best of us and this is this is a reward which is secondary to what I could have had on earth. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I really mean this. I don't know how much I might try to express this in future services, but to now say that it's good. All things work together for good. This is not just a semantic shift. &gt;&gt; Where what at one time was uh evil, but now we're just going to say, "Oh, well, that's good." &gt;&gt; That's what's not being implied here, &gt;&gt; right? It's not that what we once thought was evil is now actually good &gt;&gt; and now we could say tell you what got to love death. Isn't it awesome? Yeah. Baress. All right. That's that's not the that's not the attitude. &gt;&gt; It's a re it's the reality. These things are evil. These things are hard. These things are very difficult. They're lifealtering and shattering. How do we resolve it as a daughter of God or a son of God? &gt;&gt; How do we make sense of it? But God said, "I'll resolve it. &gt;&gt; I know it causes tension. I know it causes instability. I know it causes pain. And there's things that continue to unravel, but I will change. I'm not going to have you look at it and say, "Well, that was nice and that was good." But I promise to resolve the evil. &gt;&gt; God promises it to do promises to do so. to be there for there be a resolution to hurting, &gt;&gt; a resolution to the pain, the things we read here in Revelations 21, the crying, the sorrow, he will resolve it, the lacking, the emptiness. &gt;&gt; Jeremiah 29 10 and 11. When when I say the phrase resolving evil, I can't redefine it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We we can't do that. Do you realize that even when we say it was the tender hand of Jehovah, it's not meant to change the fact that it was horrific, &gt;&gt; that it was hard, &gt;&gt; it was evil. &gt;&gt; And if we're not careful, say, "Oh, well, that was just the tender hand of Jehovah." Yeah, just pleasing, right? So wonderful, so harmonious. It's evil. &gt;&gt; It's horrible. If if we begin to redefine evil, we become Holocaust deniers. &gt;&gt; Well, it wasn't really bad after all. No, it's horrific. And the question is, why does God allow these things to happen? When I believed, when I prayed, when I did all I could, Job, who was upright, realizes, yes, perhaps his fears brought it upon him. But now, when he looks for good, he gets evil. When he looks for light, he gets darkness. It's the tension. It's the dissonance of life. But he made a promise. In Jeremiah 29:es 10 and 11, it says, "For thus sayith the Lord, Israel is in bondage as a result of their own decisions. They're going to be in bondage to this Calaldian Empire after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon. I will visit you and perform my good word toward you in causing you to return to this place, this place of peace, shalom, Jerusalem, this place of rest. You you've you've been removed from it. you've gone off into this that the tone changed, but I'll bring you back to this place. Says, "For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord, &gt;&gt; thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end." &gt;&gt; So God's thoughts towards them were peace, but they didn't have peace where they were. They were slaves. They were in bondage. They suffered death. They suffered loss of possession, completely upheaval of their identity, being brainwashed and forced to become calans in a Babylonian empire. Kind of hard. It's make the best of your situation. This is not a good situation. And so God is saying, look, he acknowledges the bondage and the evil, but he's saying my thoughts are peace towards you and in the presence of your evil, I want you to know that I will bring you to an expected end. That means anticipated and hoped for in I will resolve the longing in your heart to be made whole. &gt;&gt; So he actually tells them in verse 7, "And seek the peace of the city whether I've caused you to be carried away captives." He caused them to be carried away. God caused them to go into bondage. So he says, "Pray for the peace of the city that you're in because the peace of that city will be your peace." Notice what he's telling them. Yeah. It's you're things are going to be difficult. Economics may fail. You better pray for the pray for the economics. Pray for this. Pray for that. But because those situations are going to affect you. But in me, in me, I've made you a promise. I will resolve &gt;&gt; to give you the end that you're anticipating &gt;&gt; the moment when it start when it makes sense. Not that it can make sense of the evil, but when it resolves, when you find your restmen. &gt;&gt; In this sermon, hearing, recognizing, acting on the word of God. Musicians, if you could come to your places, he says, brother Bram says, "God cannot change his program because he makes his program perfect because it's part of him. God's got a program. we just need to get right in it. And so we say, "Yep, if I could just get in that program, we just need to get in a groove." And once you get in the groove, you're like, "Wait, am I in a rut?" Hard to tell the difference sometimes. Can't tell if I'm in a groove or a rut. And it says, "Now in the Garden of Eden was so beautiful until it attracted Eve from righteousness to sin." And this is just the paradox of it. And in the same garden where there was a tree of life, there was also a tree of death. We would know it today as the law of contrast. That where there is good, there is evil. Where there is right, there's wrong. And we will never, no matter what our environment may be, ever be able to shake ourselves from the presence of either. &gt;&gt; Wow. never, no matter what environment we may be in, we'll never be able to shake ourselves from the presence of either. Think of all the cults that thought if they could just go far off in far enough off into the wilderness, they could create a a place of perfection, a new Jerusalem as it were, a new Bethlehem, and try to create a place where we're all going to live in harmony away from the evils of this world and what's committed behind those walls. some of the most horrific evils. &gt;&gt; No matter what kind of environment you may be in, you'll never be able to shake yourselves from the presence of either. &gt;&gt; We live with it. But if music holds a type for us, if God is in music, do you realize it's the it's the tension, it's the dissonance that brings the greatest beauty out of the peace. How well would we know God had there never been dissonance? I it may seem like maybe, you know, philosophical or backwards argument. I don't know how you might want to look at it, but how well would we know God? How would have God been known in the beginning had he not allowed it to unfold the way that it did? &gt;&gt; And you say, "I know your sorrow. I know your pain." He constantly affirms, "I know this isn't easy. I know this way is too hard for you." God throughout the scripture over and over again says, "I know. I know. I know." He affirms, but he never leaves us in it. And what he never does say to us is, "Well, you know what? You know that that murder or you know this loss, you know this, you know that that's actually good and that's good." But he says, "No, ultimately it'll be used as power for good." &gt;&gt; He says, "All things work together for good." the work together. It's it it has a power to good. God will use it. The pain I there there's a lot that I have in my heart that I was prepared to minister from and on. I'm not necessarily trying to hold this off. If this is the this is the only sermon I speak on this, then then I I I I could be satisfied. So, I'll say this. The the the bad things that take place in our lives are always going to be bad things. &gt;&gt; Yet, we're not just going to change the label and start calling bad good. But the resolution is to know God will bring beauty by resolving it &gt;&gt; by it's finding its place by bringing it back to that place of stability that you can look back and in those anxious times and those ter terrible times and the the gut-wrenching moments and the the ups and downs and whether it be medications and consultations and therapy sessions, whatever it is we have to go through that at one point you'll be the kind that place where it's resolved. God resolved it. There's still evil, but God resolves it. And so when we look at a word and we see perfection, perfection, perfection, amidst the mark of sin, perfection, perfection, a strong marriages, beautiful families, raising grandchildren, and all these legacies we want to have, and all these things we want to attain to, I want the per there's a perfect body out there that one day you're going to step into, and this one is breaking down. and it's riddled with disease and and there's going to be oh the love of God in this last age and perfect love for one another and there's hatred and bitterness and strife and there's separation and oh the promise of God to to be fruitful and you can't have children all these things that happen in our lives and it just seems to be so chaotic and so frenzied they're they're bad can't you can't say oh you just need to suck it up and get over it they hurt &gt;&gt; it's pain sorrow causes us to cry it's But when brother Brandham preaches the masterpiece and he tells the story of the carving Michelangelo this doing the statue of Moses when it was perfect. It was beautiful, wasn't it? But then when you look at it and you see you see that it actually has a flaw and you realize, "Oh, what a bummer. It's not perfect anymore. has a flaw and we just reject it, discard it. Something happened to it, got moved around, it got put here, this happened and and it's been defaced. It devalued it. And then it's one of these things where you think, well, that that that was such an a beautiful piece and now all of a sudden it's been marred. And then if we could maybe use it in this terminology, Paul Harvey gives the rest of the story and brother Brandham then gives us context for the flaw and you realize, oh wow, that's what makes it a masterpiece is the flaw that in the moment when it looked perfect and Moses was so inspired that he smoteed it and said speak or when Michael Lynch was so inspired he he smoked it and said speak and that caused a chip. Then you realize that the the context to the flaw is what makes it a masterpiece. And what we lack sometimes in our lives when we're suffering, when we've been anguished, when we've been hurt, when our lives have been torn apart, we can't see the context. There's too much crying, there's too much pain, there's too much suffering. But I promise you that if God has allowed it, &gt;&gt; if God has allowed it, he can bring the context. And though we may not feel like we know what it can be, and maybe we can never begin to rationalize how it'll feel, but I promise you, God is even now resolving evil. &gt;&gt; And he's mindful. If I could say what God impressed upon me as I prayed and sought the mind of Lord, God is mindful of all the situations that aren't p picture perfect &gt;&gt; and aren't the way that we envision them to be, not the way that we want them to be. And God knows even the things you've experienced, the things you've gone through. Brother Frank, I was thinking of you this morning. The starting, the stopping, those aren't those aren't fun things to do, but God will use every bit of it. Nothing lost. He knows how to use all the material. That's right. &gt;&gt; And he'll resolve it. He'll give you that rest. And then what we'll find out is all along we, man, does God know how to write a masterpiece or what? &gt;&gt; Ain't he good? &gt;&gt; Doesn't he work all things together for good? Such a wonderful God. Let's stand to our feet. Let's just be prayerful now as we bow our heads. I know that he knows what you're going through. I know that that's how he dealt with my heart. Is that the hurt and the pain that we feel? They're sometimes exasperated. The more that we begin to preach the word of God, it feels even more overwhelming because the contrasts. [Music] I trust that God will give you strength today for this. If we bow our heads, if you need prayer today, just ask the Lord for help. If it's healing that you need, I know that he'll give you that healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If it's rest that you need, I know that he'll give you that rest. [Music] In the meantime, I think there's more that I had initially prepared to speak on how he says you're there in bondage and one day I'm going to cause you to return to this place of rest because my thoughts for you are not evil. The evil creates the tension that longs to be resolved. The loss creates anxiety that's hungry to be filled, to be satisfied, to be relieved. And God's saying, "I'll give you that. I'll give it to you." And I believe God could give it to you today. No, it's not that moment in Revelations 21:14 where he wipes all tears from our eyes and everything is perfect forever more. But there may be some pain that has been so overwhelming that's been needling you to just quit, to give up, or just to accept that all has been lost that it can't be that perfect beautiful message you desired to have. Whatever it might be, you can right now God can say, "All the pain, all the tension, all the sorrow, I can resolve it." And let's let him use it because he says, "I'll work all things together for agreement, for harmony." Our gracious heavenly father, I find it very difficult to stop today because I sense the wrestling with dissonance. Lord, I sense that there are those who have been experiencing great hurt that there is and that's not discernment, Lord. That's just using common sense. And Lord, my desire is that to the fatherless you could be a father. To the widow you could be a husband. Lord, to those who had great plans and great desires, who have this emptiness and this longing. We come to you, Lord, and we cast our cares upon you. We're honest, Lord. I pine. I long. I'm anxious. Heart can't find rest. Lord, give us the assurance that it will resolve. And may we keep our trust in you, Lord. We love you. Commit ourselves to you today, Lord. Heal hurting hearts. In this moment, make your presence known to us. I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
