################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Bro. Eliezer Castillo From the Heart to The Home - Eliezer Castillo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   Bro. Eliezer Castillo: From the Heart to The Home
Speaker: Eliezer Castillo
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3xT7Bgcxvc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Eliezer Castillo: From the Heart to The Home
Sunday Service: June 15, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
to be here. If you'd like to turn with me to John 17 verses 20 and 24 and let's just continue to pray for those that are not here or pastor and his family. Let's just keep them in prayer. And uh if you have anybody in your heart, anybody um with any needs, let's just bring that to the Lord as we pray after this scripture. John 17:20 24 says, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall be shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one, as thou, Father, are in me, and I in thee, and they also being one in us, and the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And the glory which thou has gavest uh me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. I in them and thou in me that they may be perfect in one and that the world may know that thou has sent me and thou hast loved them and thou has loved me. For father, I will that they also whom has given me will be uh w with me be where I am that they may behold my glory which thou has given me for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly father, Lord, what a beautiful scripture you have given us. Father, what a desire you have for your people. Lord, we just ask that as this uh continuation of this service happens, Lord, we just ask that you take full control, Father, and you may be able to speak to us in a way that we may apply it in our lives and may we may walk away better and closer to you, Father. Lord, we thank you for everything that you have done. And Lord, if there's any need here, if there's anyone that is is thinking about somebody, Lord, and for all those that are not here, our pastor and his family, Lord, we just ask that you take control of that situation, Lord Jesus, that you be with our pastor and those that are not here, Father, we give it all unto you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We submit to you. Amen. And amen. Amen. You may be seated. What what an uh appropriate uh song that Jesus in the in the center of it all because that's um his desire here with God, his prayer. He says, "Lord, that I may be in them and then them in me." Yes. And so um that was his full desire. Brother Brandham, he he says in the message, things that are to be, he explains it perfect. He says Jesus only asked one thing in his prayer to the father. You know that what what that was one thing after all his sacrifice that he did here on earth the life that he lived the path that he walked he asked for one thing that where I am they may be there also. He asked for our fellowship and that's the only thing he asked the father in the prayer for your companionship. God's true desire for us is so that we may be him and because we are one with him and another person's one with him and we are one with him together we become one together as as a family a body of believers and we know that brother Brandham he expressed and we always we hear it and we know it that Jesus was the very heart of God so that was his heart being expressed his heart was a longing to fellowship with his people. Brother Brandham, he he spoke many messages on how God longs for fellowship. That God created the people, God created his children to fellowship with him. He says, uh, I I want to point specifically to a a quote here in God's provided way for of approach to fellowship. He says, "I wonder about that that if we go back to the beginning, all things begin in Genesis." And in Genesis, we find out that God created man for his fellowship. God uh loved to come down and fellowship with his people. God in the beginning, Genesis 1, in the beginning, God, the word in the Hebrew is ll Elohim, allsufficient one, self-existing one, the strong one. And in him was attributes to be a father. In him was attribute uh to be a son. In him was attributes to be a savior. In him was attributes to be a healer. In him was attributes to be God. There was nothing but God and God alone. Now that sounds like a contradiction because he he's talking about many things in him. But all those things within him, he was all alone, right? He was all by himself. There was nothing else that was existing. But in him, he wanted all those things. And if anybody's ever studied that word Elohim, brother Brandham said he's this existing one, but that's a word that is a plural. And brother Brandham, he's explaining here and revealing that in him there was a plurality in him. Even though he's a singular god and he's we're not worshiping u multiple gods or anything like that but but it's one god but there are many attributes in him many desires many longings within him and and um and so that was the very heart of God and then you see Jesus walking and brother the of God and and you see his heart being expressed we see God you know in in types and shadows, but here Jesus Christ fully expressed his heart, how much he loved his people and his longing was for his people. And and I truly believe that a Christian into Christ, that is the goal right there. There's many goals. There's many things, but whenever you you become a Christian, the goal is a relationship with Jesus Christ. Knowledge, everything else will come later. Revelation comes later. What is your relationship with Christ? Because that is the first thing that we're looking for. That's the thing, the center of everything that God desired was fellowship. And and so now we see Jesus expressing that saying, "Lord, that I may be in them, you in me, and I and them in me. Lord, let us be one together." So, so it's funny how he says all of these things were in him, yet it was God alone all by himself. And and um my message today is is from the heart to the home. And I'm not so much going to talk about principles of home life, but I want to focus on one principle that that's been laid and has been patterned throughout the whole Bible and in our lives. And that is that that creation comes from within. that that God he didn't get inspiration from something else. There was nothing else. God didn't have in a sense where he was lacking. So there was something lacking from him. So he wanted something out there. But everything that God longed for and everything that he needed was within him. That God wanted something that was already bubbling up inside him. And and I want us to think about that in us that that our our home life, our our work life, everything that consists around us that God gave us this unique partnership that we're not influenced by the things that outside, but we're supposed to produce from within. Yes. Relationships that we foster, things that we do, people that we meet, things all the things that are around us, our world comes from within us. So God, he he's he wants his family, but it's going to come from him. Heard a brother say something that blew my mind years ago. He's God he didn't want a family. God is his family. So from within him his whole family comes in. So now it's like well technically if you want to speak like on our families and and well I so and so didn't come from me. I met them at at Costco and that's how I met them. You whoever however it works. But God in the beginning already knew and whenever a a fellowship between a husband and wife come it's they become one person and out of father the family is projected. So how however the heart is that's the life that you're going to live. The Bible says we're going to read later on that that the issues of life come from the heart. So there is a there is a guard of the heart that needs to take place in our lives because everything that is around us, everything that we produce, everything that we have is a result of what's within here. Yeah. So he was all alone. A brother once said all alone or alone means all in one. All one. God is one. He's singular yet he wasn't solitary. He had he had desires. He had people within him. That's why we can hear in in Job where it says, "Where were you when I laid the foundations of the of the world? Sons and daughters were shouting for joy." There was something there was people. There there was thoughts, attributes, there was you and I, him. We were his thoughts. We was his desires. So he begin to produce those everything the Bible says was good. Everything that comes out of him is good because that is the heart of God. So God he can't um in a sense he can't grab another entity and and cause that to be his family. Everything comes from within him. If you would like to turn with me to uh Deuteronomy um chapter 6 and verse 4 and just uh mark that in your Bibles because we'll read a little bit more later on. But I just want to focus on just verse 4. Deuteronomy chapter 4, chapter 6:4 says, "Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord." Very, very simple scripture, but there's a lot to unpack because the word one there is doesn't mean just he that that he's one. Now, I'm I'm just trying to focus on this principle and then and God willing, we'll go a little farther, but focus on this principle of who God is. The Bible says, "The Lord our God is one." That now that word is echo, which is often translated as one. And at first glance, it it seems like this one person, but this word, it denotes a composite unity. In in Numbers 13:23, they talk about a cluster of grapes and and that's that's the same word echod where it was one, but there's a lot of grapes in there. Same thing with with uh Exodus 36:13. It's talking about the tabernacle in parts were joined together and became one. Echar multiple pieces became one structure. So here it says that our the lord our god he is one but he is consisting of many parts. Now, now that doesn't mean that that he has many separate parts, but it's all within him and that's us, right? That's his people. That's his creation. It all flows from him. God in that that's the amazing thing about the difference between us and Satan. Between God and Satan that God has this unique thing that when he creates, it's out of nothing. When inspiration that's true inspiration that's through the heart of creation that when something is created there is no inspiration outside there is nothing that is influencing there is nothing that is making you make decision but it's all flowing from within that is the true essence what creation is Satan all he is is a copycat that that's what what caused the whole issue because he couldn't create. He couldn't have that artistic of true creation. So all he did was grab what God did. He copied it and perverted it every single time. Now men in a fallen state will we do the same thing. But when we get into uh connection with God, then we begin to create things from within. Then we begin from out of the heart the issues of life come out of from out of your heart you begin to to be a father begin to be a mother begin to be a good coworker begin to be a friend out of the and it's not out of of of different motives or or how this person me well that I like that person because he he likes me I like that person because we're really good friends. No, it's out of the heart. Out of the issue of your heart, you begin to love. You begin to to communicate. You begin to build relationships out of your own heart. That's the way God consisted us that uh made us. That's the way he he made single thing. That's his pattern. So, um here here he says that he he was all one. And and the amazing thing about these two words where it says Lord our God. In Hebrew, it's Yahweh. Lord our God, Elohim. Lord Yahweh is a singular noun and Elohim is the plural. And and it's showing that that this singular God that the plurality inside of him, which is of us, all composited in a unity, one person. Amen. That that should be our home. That should be a church. Whenever every spirit in one accord, it becomes one. It becomes one thought. It's it's amazing because um here in Genesis 2:24 when when Adam and Eve were married and he says when he separated her and then he says now these two shall become one flesh. It's the same word echar one. It's it's not a two separate things now. It it's it's one unity. Out of the heart. Out of the heart we we love. out of the heart, everything comes out. You know, um it's the same thing as as a fountain or if you have water that is polluted, it doesn't matter how nice the is. It doesn't matter how whatever is uh things we built it, the structures around it. If the core is wrong, it doesn't nothing else matters. It's out of the flow of the heart which matters. That's where life comes out. So here another example um God he he he created Adam and in Genesis 2:18 it says that that it says that and the Lord said it is not good that man should be alone and I will make him a help meat for him. So here's this same word allin one. We know that through the prophet he says that he was Adam and Eve were in were one at that time. Eve's name was Adam. So it didn't mean he was solitary. It means that he there was all in one. And that's the way God creates everything. That's the way God created the purpose. Every single thing that out of him everything was going to consist and him true unity, true fellowship was out of him. That's why when we step out of his will, when we out of that fellowship is broke. Now, we could have fellowship, we could have those things, but then it it's going to be hard because true fellowship comes from within. And it's not something where you know what we need dinners, we need this, we need that to foster unity. No, brother, sister, I can live 300 miles away from you and we still have unity through the spirit. In one body, we we are one body through one spirit. There's people that I I never knew in Africa. There's people that I don't know in other places. Yet all one bride. That is true unity. So um he wasn't lonely. It it it was he because he had the relationship with God. He first had something with God and he had family within him. And and I truly believe like even like with young people and with people that are are looking for spouses and looking for all of those things, you know, over time when you grow up, the first thing you need is that relationship with the Lord. The first thing you need is to make sure that you're all in one. You're all intact. See, God, he wasn't lonely. God wasn't lacking. Adam, he wasn't lacking. Why? Because he had his wife within him. Had everything that he needed to replenish the within him. Nothing that he was lacking. He said, "Well, you know what? I need this and I need that to multiply the whole earth." Everything was in him. in him. And so even whenever we create and we create relationships, there has to be a sense of fullness within us. We have we have to have relationship with God first. God created man and he put he put the garden around him. He he did things and he allowed him to work. Allowed him to do things. He allowed him to be in the will of God. And then he he looked down. He said, "Man, it's not good for to be alone." Now, right after that, God didn't say, "Here, you know what? I'm going to get a wife." No, he still made him count all the animals and name them and all those things and he still allowed him to work. But God was preparing a man what he could have his family so that he could have his home. He he made sure that he was full within him first. He wasn't lacking anything. Brandon, he says in the message uh oneness. He says God did you notice in Genesis 1:27 he created uh male and female. He created them and now a man was um both male and female when it come to being in the spirit of feminist and masculine. Then God took the side aside a rib. Did you notice the body part was the byproduct but not the spirit. The body part was of uh the woman was a byproduct. After the creation had had been finished, God took from the side of Adam a rib and made a woman. But not the spirit. The spirit was a part of Adam. For he was both man and woman, fem spiritually speaking, both masculine and feminist. So that's that's where the true fellowship I truly believe that's where the true church, the true fellowship stands today. It has nothing to do with ordinances, order, uh, structure, anything like that. It comes from the inside of the inside which is the heart. Amen. It's the spirit. We could be different in many ways. We could have different hobbies. We could have different thoughts. We could have different political thoughts. Doesn't matter. If we have the spirit, we are one. We That's where true life comes out of. That's why there's there's this great fight. That's why there's a great fight for your mind, for your heart. Because if if somebody can go into that control tower, then they could produce whatever they want. The devil has no right to creation. But when he can influence a child of God, then that's where the trouble comes. So he he continues on in the message of Jehovah Gyra. He says like in Eden where Adam and Eve was in the beginning the same spirit. Their names was called Adam. See, and was both Adam and Eve together and was separated to go to the test. What happened? Eve fell by the word. Um, that was the word. Adam went after her to redeem her, but couldn't do it. He wasn't worthy to redeem her. So, even if when they were separated, yes, there was a test, but the Bible says that they together. And it just takes one person to step outside of the word to to break that fellowship in the beginning. But the amazing thing now is that the garden of Eden can set in individual's hearts. This was a place. This was a presence. So, so when one person stepped out, there was no sin. There was nothing. When sin was created, it separated everything and it broke their fellowship. Yes. In this sense, brothers and sisters, you could have Eden inside you. One person could step out of line. Eden is still here. One person can can leave and yet the source of all life can be within your heart and bring somebody back. Everything that that is God, everything that that you need in your journey is already within you. Amen. Amen. So there's no broken or uh broken unity in a sense of spirit leaves but yet it when somebody breaks yet somebody can be that garden of Eden for them. Somebody can stand at the door. I I love this this scripture and I keep quoting it. Um in Proverbs I believe it's 4:23 says keep your heart um with diligence. you you protect it because the issues of life come out of it or life proceeds out of it or or your life is determined from it from that heart. So, so there there is a match in the house if you would like to say in your heart. There's somebody you can't only with self-reliance guard your heart with your own your own intellect. You can't guard your car and say, you know what, uh, I can't do this and I can't do that. You got to have a man in the house. You got to have the Holy Spirit. You got to faith in the house to keep it, to guard it because you are the one that is allowing the Holy Spirit to flow from you and to allow others to to be a beneficiary of it. So he he um says so they they broke that and um and of course God he told them that that they'll surely die and and they were separated from God and it was caused by unbelief. There was a breach in the spirit. Brother Brandham he says it continues in oneness. He says, "As soon as the fellowship was broken between Adam and Eve, as soon as their fellowship was broke between God and them, their fellowship between each other was broke." Why? The spirit both left them. So there there's the essence of everything of your relationships, the essence of every single thing comes from God's spirit. What's in our heart? Because it even says um where where abundance of our heart, our mouths and he says murder, adulteries, all of those things come out of the heart. He says the most deceitful thing in a man is a human heart. So we we come to this world, brother Brandham even said that that we have the nature of the devil, but we come empty. So so we are only vessels. We are here to seek the man of the house. Seek the woman that it truly is meant to be with our heart. Brother Brandham talked about how how Adam and Eve Eve committed adultery. But even before she even did the act already did it in her mind. She first it has to come into drop down to the heart before there's any fruits produced. A lot of times, a lot of times you could see lives, you know, people living good lives and all of that, but the heart is already compromised. So, so and and one day that that life is going to produce what's in that heart. So, here he says that it it was broke between them. Continues on in in um paragraph 71 in oneness. He says, "Not only that, but the oneness between husband and wife was broken. I don't believe that there's any marriage that what it um can be what it ought to be without the union between husband, wife, and God." That's right. They'll bring up the children in the world and make them illegitimates. Give them cigarettes, whiskey, play cards in the sight in their sight, drink liquor before them. No matter how loyal they are to their marriage vows, that's sexually, that's flesh. But in this there's a spirit in there. There's a spirit of a sinner uh papa and mama no matter how loyal to their their children will come wrong. That's right. So there's there's that aspect of there has to be the Holy Ghost and whether whether the Garden of Eden is in in one heart, two hearts there, God can to produce and pull the wife, pull the the husband, pull the children because the children don't with the Holy Ghost. You don't have a package where it says, "Lord, I want one. I want them with the Holy Ghost, please." No, they don't come with it. They desire it and the Lord gives it to them. Amen. Amen. So then there there has to source of life there. Amen. So he says, well, I I know men and women that didn't teach their children that and wasn't Christians. The very thing of not leading them to Christ was the wrongest thing they could ever do besides the other. Not lead them to Christ. See, you can't have a correct union without it. Broken fellowship. So, so we can't be in harmony with people until you are in harmony with God. We are designed to live from the inside out, from the spirit, from the core, not from the out outward behavior, not influenced by those things. That is the beauty of what God has given his children today. That he's given us the the creation. He's given us something that we create our atmospheres. We are influenced by those things. So then we could create within us with there is an influence. There is an inspiration within us within the word allows us to live the good lives to good be good people to have harmony with those that don't have the Lord even if they they they blaspheme even even if they don't believe I don't care if you are standing on the word there is there is life being produced through you right that's that's amazing That is the the core of Christianity and it starts with your relationship with God. My relationship with God depends on my revelation depends on on uh my my relationship with the church, my relationship with my family, my relationship at work. It all depends on relationship with God. Amen. And that's the main thing I think um it's very simple brothers and sisters if you want to know Christianity if you want it's not about knowledge figure out how you can get close to God young people that's the best thing out Lord how do I get close to you how do I receive more of you and when you do that then it doesn't matter you don't have to change anything that amazing I once heard somebody says said uh when somebody was trying to quit smoking and all of that there was a brother that said just the Holy Ghost and doesn't matter give them a cigarette doesn't matter why because the nature changes there's something where where all those things if there's hatred if there's doubt if there's confusion all those things draw some it'll be from one day to the next some people. It just depends on how strong your will is. Sometimes, you know, one of the coolest things to see is when and it sounds bad, but when a a cowboy breaks a horse, that's what they call it. Whenever they tame the horse, it's a stallion. It it kicks and and how the Bible explains how strong these these beasts are. Yeah. Yet yet whenever he he breaks horse and and he tames him then it becomes this this beautiful horse where you just two clicks and it'll just go this way and then you one little tug and it'll it'll start. That's what starts happening whenever we begin to protect our heart. Our heart is unruly or our heart and our body is unruly brothers and sisters. Man, if you let it, it'll kill. If you let it, it'll lie. If you let it, it'll deceive. That's man, we're just stallions that just want to kick and want to do whatever we want to do. And then the allow the Holy Spirit to sit there and begin to say, "Nope, go this way. Nope, do this." And it breaks us more and more and forms us into the mind of Christ. Makes us to where we we want to hear the word. And not that we just were kicking and screaming just to come to church. You know, I I've always I've said this few times already. I don't know about here, but how you don't have to convince somebody that's in the world to go out and party and drink. Imagine calling your buddy and say, "Hey, man. Hey, we're we're going to go out on this Friday night. Come in, man. Everything's in all cool." And I like, "Oh, man." Again another one go party have a good time I guess. No his nature is to do that nature is wants to do those things. So what he all right man I'll bring my money and I'll do this and I'll do that just so I can go over there. brother and sister when when it says it's time for Sunday man sometimes we're just like Sunday again man gotta go to church I know the body sometimes is tired but the spirit has said I want more why because the nature changed there's change of nature says Lord I want more tired I know it's it's a Wednesday but I'm I'm putting this body in subjection That's right. I'm guarding my heart. Whatever thought that says, no, don't or you know what, I'm tired of this or I don't believe that. You guard it and you kick it out because the man of the house is there. That's right. When you kick it out and you allow Christ to live in you, right? There there's a scripture where it says when um a devil leaves a house, a heart, it it gets all nice and clean and empty. And sometimes we're ah praise the Lord. I feel good. But but the thing is the key is not kicking out the but it's putting back Christ in there. Christ in the heart because he'll come back and he'll come back with seven more. He'll be coming back. Why? Because he says I'm going back to my house. He has rights to our heart. Ever since he deceived Eve, brother Brandham said he has the right to enter human flesh. He said he didn't have brother Brandham or God. He reserved that for himself, the human heart. We are temples. We are vessels for the Lord. And he reserved that right for us until somebody opened the door and now the squatter came in. He says, "Now this is my house. No, this is mine. Now he has the rights. But then when we allow the Lord to come in to clean house and to sit there and say this is my house now this is my home. And when God can sit in the home of our heart, the temple of our heart, watch everything else around us begin to change. Watch the home outside begin to change. Watch the temper begin to go down. Watch the the the easily being scared, the nervousness, the anxiety begin to subside. Sometimes the devil will try to throw it back on you, but then the man of the house is there and he'll constantly be working, constantly be working the house. Isn't that beautiful? That's beautiful that God constantly works in us. So, we can't be in harmony with people without being in harmony with God. We're designed to live from the inside out. Our purpose, our identity, our energy, it's all meant to flow from the union of God. Amen. So, Proverbs 23, what 4:23? Keep your heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life. It also says in other other scriptures, it says your is determined from it. Whatever you are in your heart, as a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. So whatever we think, whatever that's who we are. Now I' I've asked this, who who's thought evil this week? We all have. Praise God. Very truthful. We all have. But that doesn't that doesn't shape us. There there's there's a word that means conception where I it is in in uh Genesis 6 where it says the thoughts the men were evil in those days. It means conception. So so brother Brown he explained that in in um the greatest battle ever fought. He explained that in um spoken word is original seed where where thoughts thoughts can come and go. Right? We can think a bad thought. We can we can get angry for things can come and go. But it's when we allow that thought to sit and then that that sitting there there's a a maturing or a conception happening where you begin to be pregnant by that thought. Right. Amen. Right. because that's how the first idolatry or the first uh uh idolatry came or or the first adultery came from the heart. She thought about it and she just sat on that thought. She continued to think about that thought and as that thought would sit there, it what did it do? It gave birth and it produced her sin with the serpent. So yes, thoughts come and go, brothers. That doesn't define you. Anxieties, they come and go. That doesn't define us. Fears come and go. Doesn't define us. Let that thought come and sit. Then that's when the problem comes. That's when we begin to be formed by the very thoughts, by the very things that we allow in our heart. And as we think, so are we. Amen. So I believe there there is this this battle for our heart and God gave us the free will to say what comes and goes. Allows us to step at the gate, step at that window of our heart and say no, you're not coming in. It doesn't I don't care what the devil says. A lot of times the devil says it doesn't matter what what you do are going to come in. No, you have a right to kick the devil out. Amen. You have a right and you have an authority to say no, I don't want that thought. No, I I don't want that feeling and you can step away from it and and be you do that you can allow the word to come in. And brother Brandon says that word is not only just food but it's a fortification. You begin to fortify your life every word at a time. Ah, that's so beautiful. How you can fortify your own life with words that the very very creative words you put in your life and you are produc producing those words. See, God's words, they're not meant to stay in this Bible. They're not meant to be void. That's why it says my words shall not return to be void. Whatever they are intended to do, they'll reach that heart. they'll reach that person and it will produce and it will prosper with a thing. So every word, every promise that God has given us, you take it to your heart. Amen. Put it in the the center of your heart. You put Christ in the center of your heart and watch. Well man, I I can't can't this habit. I I can't I can't stop this. I I keep getting angry. This happens. Put the word in your heart. Allow those principles to not only be a knowledge in your mind, but begin to a life. And watch what happens. So, we can have fellowship, but we know it's it's going to be a a broken fellowship. We can have all of these things, but we know it's it's not going to be right. It's it's not because of a sweet spirit around us that makes a good fellowship. It doesn't govern the situation, but it's in the inddwelling spirit that governs you no matter what the situation is. So, we can come to church, we can feel a good spirit, but God doesn't want that because when you go out, the spirit, there's going to be different kinds of spirits, but when you have the indwelling spirit, it doesn't matter what the situation is around you. It doesn't matter what's around you. It's what's within you. Brother Brandham, he says in the message um oneness in in 58 he says paragraph 57 he says see two spirits their um see the two spirits their motives objective. Watch how it is. Watch their works. Watch their fruits. Then you can see what spirit is on you. You are motivated by a spirit. If you have no spirit you're dead. And if you have a spirit, it motivates your life. You know, I um I realized that that's that's God's his that's how God works. That God he he doesn't want to rule this earth with his spirit. He wants hands and feet on the ground. So, so there's there's almost this law. If you look in the whole Bible, I I don't really want to go too much, but there's a law where a spirit is almost illegal in this place, the the spirits are meant to live in you. But then now you have these spirits, these fallen angels, these demons, Satan, whatever you want to call it, that are around the world, the prince of the power of the earth trying to dwell within a home. cuz they got kicked out of their home. They got kicked out in heaven. So now they're living illegally in this place looking for a home to go over. Brother Benham says God he his spirit will fill the whole earth but it cannot work until it operates through somebody. So spirits there, brother Benham says they're almost harmless if they don't have a body to work in. So we have to look within ourselves and see what what what fruits do I have? What life do I have? And it will show what spirit we have. We see it in the world now with hatred, with with with murder and all of that. We see what kind of spirit is in them. But the children of God, the bride, they're moving with love. They're moving with faith. They're moving. Doesn't matter if we fall today or we fall tomorrow, we get back up because within us, there's a man in the house. Sometimes, brothers, the roof fails. Sometimes there's a leak. Sometimes a pipe bursts. Sometimes something goes wrong. The man of the house has to fix it. He goes and he works on this person. Amen. I love that because we this body that we have today is just a tent. Just like like uh with the children of Israel and Moses, they were in tents. They never built homes. Brother Brandham says they every single day they had to see where the cloud or the pillar of fire was. Didn't matter. It was 1:00 in the morning. If it began to move, that tent had to go down and go with it. That's where we're at today. We're living in a tent. This body that we have is nothing but a tent. But one of these days, we have a body waiting. One of these days, step into a body that will never fall, never be corrupted. Amen. So, so they they fell and and all of those things happened. And um in in Matthew 22 22 uh verse 35 and to 39 here uh a lawyer asks Jesus a question and he says then one of them said which was a lawyer and asked him a question tempting him saying master what is the greatest commandment in the law. Jesus says, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all of thy heart, and with all of thy soul, with all of thy mind. This is the first and great commandment." Now, Jesus, he he quoted Deuteronomy, I believe, out of all scriptures, he quoted Deuteronomy. And here he's quoting Deuteronomy 6 uh uh 5-9 where it says, "Thou shalt love the Lord God with all of thy heart, with all of thy soul, and all of thy might." And here it's showing that that how it all starts our Christianity, our laws are following rules, everything. If you want to talk about following the message or following church and all these things, it all starts with this. This is the core. This is brother Rand Jesus says that all of the laws hang on these two. You shall love the Lord with all of your heart, with all of your your mind, with all of your soul. So out of this it flow, everything flows out. from the closest relationships all the way to the distant relationships. First, it flows out of the heart. First, the Lord with all of your heart, your soul, and your mind. Then, if you go to uh Deuteronomy 5 6:5, it says or uh 66, it says, "And these words which I command thee this day that uh shall be in thy heart." And look at how it flows out. So first it says it's in your heart. And thou shalt teach them diligently unto their children. Thou shalt talk with them that um them that sit in thine house. And when thy walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thy rises rise up, thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thy hand, and thou shalt be in the frontlets between thine eyes. and thou shalt write them upon the post of thy house and upon and on thy gates. What is it first? Love him with all of your heart. Then he says, put it in your heart. Then teach them. Teach them to your children. When you're out and about, let it show. When when you're in front of your house, when you're at work, you're doing it flows from within out. That's how it starts. here going back on on uh Matthew 22:39. It says, "And the second is like unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Now, this is an amazing thing because we can say, "Man, um, love your neighbor. Love your neighbor. Love your neighbor." But we forget about thyself, right, man? We think our ourselves as cockroaches, yet we we need to love our neighbor. So first the Bible says love the Lord with all of your heart. That's the first principle. And when you love the Lord there there's there begins to be an appreciation about yourself. See the standard of loving your neighbor is loving yourself first. So so young people if I'd like to direct my focus to you is h how love somebody without first If we want to get married, if anything like that, how can we build relationships with friends if we don't love ourselves first? So first this garden has to be kept up. First we have to guard this heart. We have to make sure we love the Lord with all of our heart because we don't ever want to go into a reling allinone. Adam wasn't lacking. He was allinone. And when you go into relationships, when you go into friendships, we don't go lacking because what happens? We begin to right when we get relationship, we take. Yes. They they have what I need. So if that person comes, they're already deficient of their love because they're already giving and you're taking. Amen. So there has to be a fullness a overflowing spring out of your own heart to where the when there becomes a desire to have friends to do certain things there is not a sense of I'm lacking. I need this. I I want this. I'm lonely but I'm going over there to give. I'm giving life. I'm I'm giving everything that I have because because I'm full. That's what Jesus was. The amazing thing when Jesus came, the Bible says he was despised and he was rejected. That means he had no fellowship. Nobody wanted him. There's books and there's people that have said that would create scenarios of, man, what if Jesus did have a girlfriend? What if she he did have a wife and children and family and all of those things? And and and they think about this like, oh man, poor guy, he was so lonely. But brothers, he had his pride within him. He wasn't lonely. He had his bride in him. He had a purpose. And as as he was a man walking life, he was working towards that goal so that he could provide everything for his wife. So that he could provide every a man in a mission. Amen. Yes. Brother said when he was there at the garden of Gethsemane that that God literally his from him. That's the hardest thing. It wasn't a physical death that God the the hardest thing is when God separates himself from you and he had to do it because he had to die like a sinner. So there he separated from God and and saying Lord let it be your will. If you can let this cup pass from let it be your will. Brother Brandham says God looked down and Jesus saw his bride in him too. Why? Cuz he was carrying her. Amen. He was carrying all of her sins. He was he was the protector of the house. He was making sure when she comes that everything was you know you know that's what I love about Jesus. He he before he was gonna get married, he says, "Hold on. I prepare a place first." Yes. What? He was ready. He was a man prepared. He He was a man ready to give everything to his bride. Brothers and sisters, that's how we should stand today in everything we do. We should be singular. meaning not wanting anything but have everything whole in one. Whether you've been we've been married for for five years or or 50 years have to be that I have to be that. Amen. My my family depends on it. My work space depends on it. My friends depend on it. This world depends on the bride. We are the ones to give out life. We are the ones that show them that there is a better way. How? By the life that we live. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. That's the best thing that we could do. You know Jesus, he died. They they cried for him, but he sent back his Holy Spirit and and allowed his spirit because his desire was Lord, let them that that I be in them, them in me, and you in me, Lord, and I in you. That was his desire. And then the day of Pentecost, it says that he divided, he separated himself and went on the people. And he says in in one message, I'm I'm just going to paraphrase, but you can look it up or you can ask me later if you want it, but where he says that at that time Paul and Peter never saw each other, but they received the same exact experience and they were fellowshipped and in union with each other without even seeing each other. Why? Now we are all together one. Doesn't matter what we are, who we are. what we do. We are all one in Christ. That's my desire. That that's my earnest desire that Lord Lord let me be a complete and good temple for you Lord so that anybody that comes around me anything that I do that you may be produced. That's all I want. Brother Andrew, let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I truly believe that that's every single one of your children's desire is to be closer, to have a greater relationship with you. Because in being selfish and saying, "Lord, all I want is you, Father. I don't want anything." That's the most selfless thing we can do because then it it it produces a good life for others. It produces love. It produces gentleness. It produces the stature of man. It produces the fruits of the spirit. It produces you in us. Father, we just ask Lord we're wecome selfish just for a second and say, Lord, all I want is you. I don't want any, Lord. Maybe there's things um pending in my life. There's things that are are waiting for my answer. But Lord, all I want is you at this moment. And in doing that, in seeking you, seeking the kingdom, everything else will be added. Lord, we ask that you bless each and every person here. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. [Music]
