################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - [2025-05-04am] The Resistance To The Commission  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   [2025-05-04am] The Resistance To The Commission | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifU2ZUT5CYs
========================================

[Music] Hello. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Thank you. [Music] I got that. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Let's all stand this morning and sing that. Oh my goodness, grace of thy love. Oh grace that exceeds our sin and our again. Oh [Music] y is m there with the blood of the lamb was still oh grace grace [Music] God's [Music] grace for God with all grad. [Music] Grace, grace that is greater than all. I sing oh sing like a [Music] seen the soul within fing oh and praise that is gest [Music] Praise God. Praise you to the refuge of mighty God. Oh grace. Praise God. [Music] Praise. Praise [Music] th grace that is greater than all I things. Oh, [Music] darkness that we can wash away. [Music] [Music] There [Music] is a place of time. Oh [Music] wow. You may be today. Oh great. Praise God. [Music] Praise grace that will guard and cleanse with him all the way. [Music] Grace is greater than all our sing. Oh, and [Music] marvelous infinite and marless praise. Oh, freely. I threw all who believe. Oh, and you that I longing to see his face. Give you this moment. His praise we see all great. Oh God of grace, praise [Music] thy grace. Praise God. [Music] grace that is greater than all our sins. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad there's grace this morning? The grace to make a way for us to be sons and daughters of God this morning. Amen. So great to be gather in his presence. Amen. Brother Jonathan, if you could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. Let us all pray. Gracious heavenly father. Lord God, we're just so very thankful, Lord God, this morning as the song just sung. Lord God, the grace of God to just be with us, Lord God, every step of the way of our lives, Lord, to wake us this morning to a new day and strengthen our bodies, Lord God, and grace for our families, Lord God, our congregation here, the working uh that you've put into this congregation, the leading uh of your Holy Spirit, Lord God, with the ministry, Lord, and to lead us and direct us, Lord God, down the pathways that we should go. and you're always with us, heavenly father. Lord God, and we're just so thankful, Lord God, for all that you do for us. Sometimes, Lord God, there's uh you go unrecognized, heavenly father, in our lives, Lord. And but heavenly father, this morning, we just want to say thank you, Lord, for just your goodness, Lord. We just want to invite your presence, Lord, to this service. All that would be done, Lord, and songs that would be sung to create the atmosphere, Lord, the word that would be preached. May we just receive it in our hearts, Lord God, and grow from it. And just give you the praise and honor, Lord God. We just love you, Lord God, this morning. And we just want to say thank you once again. And commit the service unto thee. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask and pray. Amen. Amen. Want to welcome everyone, all our visitors. You know, I was thinking this morning as driving here. I mean, I read a place where the prophet was talking about it's a privilege to be a Christian and and I would say it's a privilege to be gathered here this morning. I know often time we just, you know, put on our clothes and said it's time to go to church. But it's truly a privilege. God chose you this morning and elected you and he made it so that you can be in the house of God. I mean, that is all reason to praise him and be happy about all that he's done for us. Amen. You could turn around and welcome someone this morning in the house of God. Amen. Amen. Why don't we turn to Psalm 29 this morning? We're going to read it. I'll read the first verse and you congregation will read the second and we'll join together on the last verse. Uh 11. Amen. It says, "Give unto the Lord, oh ye mighty. Give unto the Lord glory and strength. [Music] The voice of the Lord is upon the waters. The God of glory thunder. The Lord is upon many waters. The voice of the Lord breakth the cither. Yay. The Lord breakth the seed of Lebanon. The voice of the Lord divided the flames of fire. The voice of the Lord maketh hinder the calves and discover the forest. And in his temple do everyone speak of his glory. The Lord will give strength unto his people. The Lord will bless his people with peace. Amen. Is that your promise this morning? You may have your seats. Amen. Give seat. Amen. [Music] I'm not I was thinking about Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk away. Oh my god. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] on the tree. Oh, I felt that I be so sweet. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] might be with me [Music] everywhere. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] might be my [Music] [Music] reje so I'll just tell [Music] Heat. Heat. I said [Applause] [Music] I [Music] cross [Music] this praise God. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Music] god. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] See all of my [Music] living. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] god. Oh, praise God. Oh, [Music] there's our goodness. Oh, praise [Music] God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad your sins are gone this morning? Amen. Amen. We have a request up here from brother Philip Andrews who writes asking prayer for the Luke family. Uh um said please pray uh for the family of Luke Mayers and as he passed away said you want to pray that the Lord will comfort the family and be with them at this difficult time. Amen. Man, if you have a need upon your heart this morning, just lift up your hand to him. And I believe it's just not a custom. It's by faith. We know that we know that if we can lift up our hands, the prophet tells us is us defying gravity and and and showing our God that we have something within our hearts that we need him to come by and just touch our heart and and be the one and not just for ourselves, for all others that we have. and within our hearts this morning. Amen. Amen. The birds that are taking the offerings if can come at this time. Amen. But Jose, if you could just come and take these needs before the judge. Amen. Let's pray. Let's bow. Learn Memorial. Patrick CS [Music] for the house. Amen. Let's just sing that this morning. Oh, and reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You find his love to be seen to hear your heart cry. Always see by this [Music] moment to supply and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, and reach down and touch below as he passes by. You will find it's not too easy to hear your heart cry. by [Music] St. and touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. Amen. Don't forget tonight is our communion service. Amen. Sister Elizabeth Banini has a special. Let's just sing it again as she comes at this time. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find his love to be to hear your heart cry. Oh [Music] my [Music] god. Glor and touch the Lord as he goes. You are not flesh and [Music] bone. You are not weak or slow. You're everything brave and bold. You're fighting for us. You are not distant or cold. Your heart's not angry or closed. And even in a ways we don't know, you're fighting for us. And you won't hold back when it comes to your children. You fiercely defend us till we stand. You're fighting for us. always fighting for [Music] us. You never close your eyes. You've never been [Music] surprised. Whatever war may arise, you're fighting for us. You move with holy rage in all of your miraculous ways. And we simply stand here amazed cuz you're fighting for [Music] us. You won't hold back when it comes to our children. You fiercely defend us till we stand delivered. You're fighting for us. Always fighting for us. You won't back down. Facing armies of thousands. You speak one word and they scatter around us. You're fighting for us. Always fighting for [Music] us. How great the love, the wonderful love of the one true father. How great love the conquering love of the one true father. You won't hold back when it comes to your children. You fiercely defend us till we stand. You're fighting for us. [Music] always fighting for us. You won't back down facing armies of thousands. You speak one word and they scatter around us. You're fighting for us. Always fighting for us. You're fighting for us. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he's fighting for you? He has your best interest in mind. He died for you. Amen. That's our comfort this morning. Oh, what gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer. There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy. Oh my rightousness and freom. Oh, and my steast. Hallelujah. Oh, and to this I hope my hope is only Jesus. For my life is holy God to you. Oh, I strain divine. I can see all is mine yet to Christ in me. Oh, and I might not forsake. Oh, for by my side. All the s will stay. Oh my [Music] inje my sheer will defend me. Through the deepest valley you have been one and I shall overcome yet through Christ. Oh, and the faith I Oh, and I know I am. You know you forgive this morning. Hallelujah. For the price he has for Jesus. and suffer for my [Music] toip [Music] my Jesus and ever [Music] And all the chains are released. I can see I am free but I love you. Oh, and with every I to Jesus for he has that he will bring me and my name I [Music] believe I stand with Glory to my home. My hope is [Music] Jesus. All the glory ever. Oh [Music] my [Music] sh to the my hope is holy Jesus. All the glory ever. [Music] Oh, still my shall. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name this morning. Hallelujah. God will not reject your pray. Prayer makes you [Music] stronger. Oh, I have never seen a rightous forsaken. Oh begging bread or left to [Music] suffer. Oh have patience. Oh and just wait and see. Oh what God will do. [Music] Oh, when you lift up your hand and surrender. Oh, and God will pull you through. Oh, worship. Oh, simply worship. Oh, I kind of worship. Oh, I might worship. Oh, I divide worship when I give your praise. Oh God, before you see that, he's hitting your wound and he's setting you free. Sending his angel fighting on your side. He's leading the way as he is. Trust in your faith. He's walking with you along Africa trail. Lift up your hand. This is your victory day. Give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, it's important. We understand. Oh, what God is speak. Let's all stand and sing it this morning. Oh, and sometimes he may seem to be silent, but that is really working. Oh, have patience. Oh, I'm just waiting. Hallelujah. What God will do. Just sing it as we've had a castle. Well, when you lift up your hands and surrender. Oh, and God will. Oh, so worship. Oh, simply worship. Oh, and your worship. Oh, and in your worship. Oh, and your heart. Oh. Nothing he will hear your praise. God coming for you saying it to me. He's hitting your wounds to set you free. Sending his angels fighting on your side. He's leading the guard. Christ will never fail. He's walking with you. Lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Why don't you just praise him this morning and thank him? Lord, we thank you to be in your house this morning. And Father, we lift up your name and for all that you do for us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Good morning. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Hallelujah. We love the Lord. Let's approach him in prayer. Our gracious father this morning. Father, you know exactly what we have need of. Father, before we ask, Lord, you look upon us and you know what's best for our future. You know what's best for our eternal destination. And you said that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. Father, you direct our path and you guide us, Father. And we're just like sheep. We tend to wander and forget where we're going and forget where we've been. But you're such a great kind and gentle savior that you gather us up and you bring us into your fold and you put us in your great pen, Father, and you keep us safe. Father, once again, we ask you to shepherd us this morning and to Father, give us grace and mercy to trust you and to to know that our eternal outcome is in your hands. We ask you to bless us this morning as we fellowship around your word. In Jesus precious and holy and wonderful name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless. You may be seated for a moment. Uh we want to listen to a little uh portion of message this morning and uh we trust that it'll be a blessing uh to you. uh tonight's communion service. And so this uh we we will try to keep our communion service this evening a little bit shorter and uh do that. So um uh we um um really want to uh let you know that. So if this morning's a tad bit longer, tonight it'll be a tad bit shorter and it'll all all out. Amen. We we've been kind of this whole year. Uh if we had a a theme, it's being going forward. Uh we just don't want to be stuck in one spot spiritually. We just don't want to live such a a a life or such an existence that the world just becomes heavy on us and it's just a struggle and all that we're thinking of is the struggle and that it's one-sided that everything's against us and nothing is for us. And that's not true. And so last week we talked a little bit on the subject that the the supernatural is not just meant to be in the house of the Lord. So this isn't this isn't the place uh for the supernatural to remain. Now we want the supernatural here. Amen. We believe in the supernatural because uh if you don't have it here, you're not going to see it work out there. Uh but the prophet made a a a mention to us in saying he said that the church has had so much supernatural within their midst that they've actually got overfed. I thought that was a tremendous uh statement that it's become common to us. But he said if the same miracle was done out amongst unbelievers, it would have a tremendous effect. And and that's uh what our approach is. Our approach is now uh I if uh we are not trying to uh in any way restrict the the movement of the Holy Spirit. If you want to shout, you shout. Live as high as you shout. You know what I mean? If you know uh you you want it to come from your heart, you know, you don't want it to come from music. You don't want it to come from influence around you. But if you listen to brother Brandon many times on the tapes, he says, "I was up there in the wilderness and I shouted to the tops of my lungs, you know what I mean?" And or I just wept like a baby. Uh so, uh you know, uh if something doesn't have emotion, it's dead. You know what I mean? So you want to have feeling in it and and and don't let don't let you know the people around you influence your feeling. If you feel like your heart's just overflowing and and you want to lift your hands and praise God, you just feel free and and go right ahead. And I made a statement and I hope it wasn't misunderstood when I said the supernatural is uh not under attack. Well, what what I meant by that or want the understanding to be is you can attack God. You you understand in the beginning was the word. I mean God was God. He was the beginning. He didn't create something to attack him. So the supernatural will never change. It God's always the same. He's got the same power. He's got the same will. He there's he unbelief doesn't stop him. But so the attack really isn't on God. The attacks on you. That's who Satan attacks. The battles in your mind. God speaks his word. It's a promise to you. If you accept that promise, you become a partaker of divine nature. Satan will do everything in his power to keep you from accepting one word of God. In fact, his whole purpose is to discredit the word of God. And we'll get into that in just a a little bit. But so what we we were speaking about is that that and uh that sometimes things were are misplaced. And so the supernatural isn't only to be placed within the framework of the church. And when it's only there, then it's misplaced. So if everybody comes thinking, well, we're going to pray for the sick. I'm going to go to church and pray for the sick. You're sick. Call a brother and sister in the church. Couple brothers go over together and go pray for somebody. I mean, you're all little Messiah. You understand? You all have the commission to go into the world and preach the gospel. We the our whole desire is to get away from nickeladianism where the ministry runs all the gifts. The ministry runs all the preaching. The ministry runs everything. No, this is a body fitted and joined together. Every part supply every member having in fact nobody can take your place. So, you know, th this is just where we come to to uh come into remembrance to find one another's needs. Uh you know, my job is not to entertain. Really, my job is to is to uh to bring you into remembrance and to stir up your pure minds and by way of remembrance and to encourage you and and to to teach you to bring forth things in the scripture uh to help you go about your duty as a Christian in the life you live. So our life is way beyond the three times we meet a week. It's way beyond that. And and we've got to come to that great realization. And so in continuing with uh what I said last week or what I felt the Lord put on our heart to bring, I want to play for you about 35 minutes of a message called Let Your Light. So shine amongst men and uh and it kind of uh goes along with what that I was saying. And I always love to find something that we bring and then go find the place where brother Brennan brings it better because he'll always bring it better. And uh and then you can hear it and position yourself in that. And then now remember that you've been endued with power from on high. You have the spirit of God in you. Amen. You have the love of God in you. Okay? It's in you. Everything that you have need of is already in you. Amen. Jesus said if you had the faith, you could say to this mountain, "Be moved. or this tree be plucked up and put into the seed. He said, "If you had the faith of a mustard seed, these are the things that you could do." So, there's a great resistance to you having faith and and and we want to kind of go into that a little bit after we play this message. But there's a great resistance against you. And in fact, in in the political world and the and in all kinds of politics and and all kinds of environments and everything, you always hear about the resistance. The resistance uh you know during the world war there was the French resistance, you know, and and the uh the underground resistance that's fighting fighting and there Satan is fighting you. He's battling you. He wants to keep you down. He wants to keep you subject. He doesn't want you to rise up in rebellion. He wants you to be status quo. But we are not status quo and we are in rebellion against the devil. Amen. And we'll never forget that. So a as we listen to to this uh the prophet of God, it just it's a it's a lovely tape. It is so full of real genuine Christian practical living. It if I could say it like this, it's an assignment. It it's the commission expressed to us again. So uh if if when the prophet of God uh opens the uh service and he's going to read his Bible. So, if you could put that first uh verse up on the pa page there uh and you'll see that he wants to to turn to Matthew the 15th chapter or the fifth chapter. So, if if you would stand and turn to that and we'll start our service with the prophet of God reading the sermon. We'll listen to 33 minutes and then we'll come back and we'll talk about the the resistance to the commission. the resistance to the commission and we're going to talk about how that Yeah, we'll just talk about it when we talk about it, I guess, because if I start talking about it, I'd go on talking about it. So, let's just listen to this. You'll enjoy it. It's good. It's real. He's talking to you this morning as an individual. God bless you. And and I I honestly believe and you know I believe that that we have a guide in this generation and and and our Lord knew we'd be here. The word's eternal. So even though our messengers left the scene, the message was the eternal word of God. It wasn't something new he brought in his age. It was what was hid from the eyes of man now revealed to us in this day that we could become in the full statue of a perfect man. So let us listen to these few minutes. I think it's easy to interpret but I think you'll enjoy this. I think it's the Lord would love us to hear this. God bless you this morning. Let us open up the word of the Lord unto Matthews the 15th chapter and we will read just a portion and then I will draw from this the Lord willing a little text for about 15 20 minutes and then we'll have the communion and footwashing and baptismal service. It'll take us to about 9:30 then or a little later to get finished. I would like to begin from the fifth chapter at the 12th verse. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted the prophets which were before you. Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost his savior, wherewith shall it be salted? It is henceforth good for nothing but to be cast out and be trotten under the foot of man. Ye are the light of the world. A city that sets on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do man light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before man that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. I would like to take a a subject from that last uh verse there which is the 16th verse. Let your light so shine before man. Let your light so shine before man that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. We find in the scripture that uh there's two places that two different men speaking of justification and um one of them was Paul and the other was Peter St. Paul and St. Peter. And Paul was justifying Abraham by faith. And Peter was justifying him by works. Peter said that he was justified by his works. Paul said he was justified by his faith. Now, they did not contradict each other. They were looking at it in two different viewpoints. And Paul was speaking of Abraham's faith. That's what God saw in Abraham. And Peter was speaking of his works. That spoke of his faith. So it is written, "Show me your works without your faith, and I'll show you my works by my faith." Now, therefore, Paul seen what was talking and what God saw. And Peter was talking about what man saw in because if a man has faith, he will act like it. His life will show it to others. Amen. So, I'm going want to speak on that tonight. Letting our light shine. Now, just for these G minutes, I just don't want to get up here to just to be seen or to be heard. That wouldn't be right. But maybe, God helping me, maybe we can speak some words to something that'll be edifying to us, that'll help us all. Uh how that we could uh do better and live a better life. I'm sure that's what we are all here for is to take correction and to get an understanding of what we can do to make us better Christians. If I have one thing in my life that I desire is to be a better Christian than I am. And I'm sure that's the heart cry of every soul that's here tonight is to be a better Christian. Amen. Some time ago, I was going down a road and I driving along at a pretty rapid speed and watching as I usually do by myself driving and it's a lonesome drive when you're driving by yourself. You can't turn the radio on unless you're some of these family networks where you can get religious music because it's all things that would take the very spirit out of you. And wherever I go after I've gotten a little old, I I carry a little pad of paper and when the Lord reveals something to me, I just jot it down. And uh I've even wrote on my gunstock in the woods with a bullet and uh things like that just to get a thought that is presented to me. Take a piece of tag out of my clothes or something and write on it. something another to keep the message in my mind. And as I drove along down this road, I noticed a great big beautiful sign board. And usually, you know, they have a lot of things plastered on these sign boards, but I've never noticed such things on this certain sign board. Usually they'll have pictures of of half-dressed women or something of their advertisement, a certain brand of cigarettes or or whiskey or beer or something, a great shining sign boards. But to my surprise, at my first glance, it attracted my attention because it wasn't all smut up with something. The smut wasn't on. And I gazed back to see it was a beautiful board and sitting in a correct place just where when you turn this corner you can't keep from seeing the sign. And to my surprise, it had one word rolled across it. [Music] Hungry. Just hungry. That's all there was. Then I noticed a little bitty letters down at the bottom of the board said three miles ahead. Hungering three miles ahead. Well, I begin to study about that. The people wasn't so much usually if they got a restaurant ahead. They they're trying to outsell the other fella. the picture of big sizzling steaks and so forth. And when you go in, you usually don't find anything like advertise, but it's just an advertisement. But this seemed to have a different approach. And we know that today that we're living today, it pays to advertise. And uh we find out that these people who are making such big progress in business are are great men of advertisement. They they put it on television. They smear it on boards everywhere they can to advertise their products. Smoke this one, not a coffin, a car load, and the thinking man's stilter and some other man's tip or something like that. uh but and uh stay lively longer with their beer and all stuff like that. It's advertising and they write off a lot of their income tax just for advertisement and it certainly pays off. So if it pays off for that, I begin to think then why won't Christianity pay off if it's advertised? Amen. Well, I thought then what what is advertisement? You've got to have something that is a little different from what the rest of them's got. Or if it's just so common like the things of the world, it'll never attract the attention of the people. Now, if a man would been looking for an automobile, he would have went on past that sign. But if he'd been hungry, he'd been looking for that sign. So I believe that the Christian is God's billboard. Amen. I believe that each one of us is God's billboard. And we don't have to do so much uh carrying on about it as we do just simply live such a life that'll make the people hungry to be like it. Hallelujah. Now, I noticed on this billboard, this certain one, it didn't claim any nothing but just ask the question if you're hungry. And you cannot sell anybody anything to eat unless they are hungry. The first thing that advertisement does, the individual passing by has to see it. Now, the only way that the world will ever see Christ is when he they see it in you and me. Amen. That's the only way they'll ever see Christ. Their their conscience are numb to the sunsets, to the call of the birds, to the leaves and and the grass and the flowers and the music and the message and so forth that we enjoy after we have found Christ. But until we get to a place that we display Christ, now remember that each one of you from tonight on remember you are God's billboards and uh you're you're God's advertising agent. Now the world will look at you to see what Christ is. So, we don't want to smear a big lot of stuff on there that's uh testify about things that we really are not. Let's first be that. Amen. Then when we be that, then the world will see Christ in you and me. The first thing that any advertisement the person has to see it then the next thing they have to want it. Now, if they see it and don't want it, then that's different. But you haven't put a vain advertisement out. But if they first have got to see it, and then we've got to make it so attractive to them. Amen. Well, I hope we see that. Hallelujah. The attractiveness of salvation. Amen. What it does to the person, we've got to attract the world. Amen. to Christ. And the gospel does have an attractiveness. It has it to those who are hungering for God. It only attracts those who are hungering and thirsting. And that's the ones where I draw. No man can come to me except my father draws him. But there's so many that the father has drawn and are hungering and thirsting to find God and don't know where to find him. Because those who are supposed to be billboards is so smuted up with the things of the world till they can't see where they got any more than they got before they come to help us. They live like the world. They talk like the world. They sing the same songs the world does. They dress like the world. I mean especially in the female sect. And uh they act like the world. They go to the worldly places. They tend the worldly entertainments. Someone said to me the other day about a certain minister and I love the man. There's no doubt what he's a great man. He said, "But he said that that you were holy lovers to me that I was a holy rober." Now I said, 'Well, I I I don't think I am, but I said, uh, I I want to be holy, and if the Lord ever told me to roll, I guess I would roll, but I I want to be holy anyhow, live a life of holiness means cleanness, before God. And so he said, "Well, that you run out overseas in a round like that and made yourself a missionary, no church sent you, and you just made yourself a handmade missionary." Well, I said, "If I made a handmade missionary, it would never attract the attention of the world because that they're not looking for that." Amen. They're looking for Christ. And we find out that those men And people that think those things, there is two different classes. God has two different classes. There are a man who God uses to stay home and marry the sick and bury the dead and kiss the babies and marry the young and so forth like that. Many of those men don't know what it is to pack a sword and get out there on a two-handed sword on the front line. They don't know what a battle is to fight against the enemy. They get out here and they're smart men, theologians, great men who can stand with um put a sermon out that's just so touched up and also can talk with such language till the Webster would hardly know what they were saying. They got degrees in college. But that's all right when you're talking to an intellectual group that's just looking for a church home. But when you get out there on the battlefront where those men have more than that, they've got to see the power of almighty God in manifestation or you'll never sell it to them. They've got to see Christ in his resurrection. Hallelujah. Those men don't know what it is to hold a two-handed sword to fight toeto- toe with the enemy there or devils and witch doctors and everything else stand there challenge you on every hand. Lord or men who read that Bible say if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and very let me see the Holy Spirit performed like it did. See then you take take a a scholarship and do that. It takes the power and resurrection of Jesus Christ to produce that. Yes. And now that's what hungry natives look for. They've got to see it and they've got to want it. That's the same thing this nation has got. That's the reason tonight that we got all these warnings of atomic war is because the nations have seen it this nation has and don't want it. Amen. And that's the reason that divine judgment is upon them is because that we are in waiting the bounds. I see where our president Mr. uh Kennedy at the time, I believe his name is uh Kennedy that sent down for this uh so many officers down for this segregational war. He sent down 400 and something down in the south to stop this segregational war. And when he ended up at his full course, if you stand no more, he had exactly 666 is in Times magazine. Oh, if the people is only spiritual could wake up and see what is 666 exactly what they had that's in this month's time. Now we find out that until people begin to want God, until people begin to thirst, Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled." Now you've got to hunger and thirst for we are Christ billboards and Christ is our sponsor for this sponsorship is by Christ and he is giving us our life to sponsor him. Now what kind of a person would you be if you sponsored somebody? What kind of a person ought we to be if we are are sponsored by Christ? He gives us salvation. He gives us our healing. He gives us our health and strength. He gives us our food. He gives us our homes. Then we are sponsored by Christ. Amen. And Pentecostal people who filled with the Holy Ghost is sponsors of Jesus Christ. They have been sponsored by Jesus Christ and given the Holy Ghost to be an example to the people. Amen. What do I want to be today? Where should the church be today? We should be so in such a condition that would cause all the world to be want to be like us because man go down the street say there's a man I might disagree with him on his religious doctrine but I tell you one thing that is a genuine Christian or women going down the street say she may look old-fashioned. She may not be like the rest of these women you see but there's one Christian in this town if there's one. There she goes. Amen. Because we are sponsored by Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, what kind of a person would should we be if we are his billboards and we're sponsored by him. Amen. Then in Christ is the one where we get our life and we get our strength and we get all that we have comes from Christ. He is our sponsor. Oh, I'm so thankful for that. So, we must be like him. be careful what we do, what we say, what we do in our daily life because we are sponsored by Christ. How are we to walk if we're sponsored by Christ? What ought we to say if we're sponsored by Christ? If someone says evil against us, what must we say if we're sponsored by Christ? We must be like Christ. Isn't that right? Now, um now there's only one thing that another thing we must do. Not only thing, but another thing that we ministers must do. We must preach a gospel that's appealing to the hungry. Amen. Now, if we preach a social gospel and say that, well, you ought to come join our denomination. We got 4,000 more last year in our organization. That's not it. Well, if you come to my church or become a member of my church, we'll see that you're taken care of in the when you get old and you be a faithful member. It's like an insurance policy. You'll be taken care of when you get old. We'll see to that. That still isn't the attractiveness. The thing that we want to do is to preach a gospel that appeals to a hungry world. Now, how can you appeal to a hungry world that's wanting to see where they come from, who they are, and where they're going? Unless you preach a gospel that raises Christ up in a living atmosphere right here around us now. We cannot do it. There's no way we we could join we could join the Masons, the the odd fellas, any other lodge. Join some lodge and be just as well. But we're to preach a gospel that's appealing to hungry people. Amen. That'll catch those who are hungered and thirsting for righteousness. Blessed are they that are hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled. Now, how would it be? The righteous shall be filled. Filled with what? Amen. the Holy Spirit. The Bible said Stevens was a man full of power, full of power, full of faith, full of love, full of the Holy Ghost. That's what made him what he was is because he was filled with the Holy Ghost. He was a real advertising board for Christ. Hallelujah. He stood there that morning at the Sanhedrin courts. And they accused him. They said, "This man knew what all he was doing." Hallelujah. And he stood alone, just him alone, out before the great Sanhedrin court, maybe two or three thousand Jews or 5,000 standing there with a pointed finger. The Bible said when he walked out there that his face looked like an angel. Amen. That doesn't mean he had a light shining from his face. An angel would be a messenger that know what he was talking about. Stevens walked out there not afraid of death. Amen. He wasn't afraid of nothing because he knows what he was talking about. Hallelujah. Paul said, "I know who I have believed, not persuaded he's able to keep that which I committed to him." But Stevens walked out there before that Sanctuary court like a sheep among a pack of wolves was hounding for his blood and they accused him and pointed an accusing finger at him. What did he do? He said, "Many brethren, God of glory appeared to our father Abraham when he was yet in Macedonia before he was called out. went ahead and brought down all the history of Abraham and how that through him he would bring in the Gentiles. And when he got down to a certain place, look at him full of the Holy Ghost. They waiting just couldn't wait till they could get their hands on him. He said, "You stiff neck uncircumcised in the heart and ears. You always resist the Holy Ghost like your father did. So do you." Hallelujah. He was God's advertising board. And when they stoned him to death, throw him outside the city and beat him to death with stones. When he was dying, he raised his head to heaven and asked forgiveness for those who were stoned. Amen. The same as Jesus did at the cross. Then God seen his little advertisement board being taken down. Stevens looked up to heaven and said, "Behold, I see heavens open and Jesus standing at the right hand of God." And he fell asleep in the arms of God. He was a advertisement board for a hungry world. You say, "Well, how many was there?" You said there maybe 5,000. How many of them got saved? There was one. He had an incessed it right then, but years later [Music] your influence never there was one help. The pope saw that young uh Pharisees stand there consulted and give witness to his death. But when he saw that advertisement with the power of the resurrection in that little fella, it never got away from him. That same man, Paul, that one standing there that morning, led tens of thousands of souls to Christ. Hallelujah. Because one man was willing to give his life to be an advertising board for Jesus Christ. What aren't we to do today? No matter. We don't have to have big audiences. We don't have to preach to 10,000. We don't have to even preach. We can be God's advertisement board. How do you know that your life might not start some young man on the gospel? Some of you older men, you older women, start some young man on the field out there will win 10,000 souls to Christ. Amen. It's because that he saw Christ in you that you presented Christ to him in the simple power of the gospel. Yes. I think we need a Christ. Yes, sir. Only way we see Christ is when he reflects in each other. I see Christ in you. You see him in me. That's how we watch Christ. I come to the meetings. I start preaching. I watch the people. You can see where they're interested or not. Just in a few minutes, you look over your audience. You can tell whether you're bored or whether you're not. See, and the first thing you know, you see him singer hanging on to every word. I'm expectations. See, I'm seeing Christ reflected in that person. Amen. Because he's hungering and thirsting for God. Then me preaching the gospel. He sees the Christ reflected in me. I see the Christ reflecting in him. That means Christ is in our midst. Amen. Amen. Hungering and thirsting. Now watch the audience how they take it. Say something to them. Watch what effect it takes on them. Watch your face light up full of joy. They're ready to receive something. That's Christ. I see Christ reflecting in that person because the gospel, the simple gospel of Christ is taking a hold in that heart because they're hunger and thirsty. And I'll show a billboard here, but advertisement. What kind of an advertisement? Not to some theology. Not to some man, but to a priest that lives up the same for he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. They see that power of God move, watching over the buildings, and see pick out the people, discern their hearts, heal the sick, reveal the secrets of their heart, unstopp the deaf ears, and make the blind to see. Amen. Board and the people see it and they rally and they praise God. I watch it in them when they're praising God. They'll watch it out here where it goes this way. So through each other, we see Christ reflect his life. Now, no matter how much I could reflect it here, unless it reflects on YouTube, we'll never understand it. The gospel will be of none effect unless somebody was there to take it. There'll be many who won't take it. But the ones that will take it, it'll reflect in them. There's maybe 5,000 that morning at the execution of Stevens. But there was one that reflected in him even at the end of his life. He said, "I'm not even worthy to be called one of the saints." He said, "Because I persecuted the church of God even to death." Gives consent to the stoning of that martyr Stevens. Never did get away from Paul. He said, "I persecuted the church even to death." See, he never got away from because he seen Christ reflected. How did Steven demons do it? He never performed any miracles. Although he known that Christ was a miracle performer, he know all these powers and things. But what did he do? He just presented his life in such a way that they see that it was the power of Christless. You may never see a vision. You may never put your hands on a sick person and feel the charge of almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never see Stan three or four rainbows. You may never see his image. You may never hear his voice, but still you can be a sign that Jesus Christ so pure separated from the world up with dirty things around your life. the hungry heart, the hunger and thirst to be left. Hallelujah. You're the salt of the earth. But the salt has lost its savior. Wherew with shall it be softened. That's right. Hungering and thirsting. Let your light so shine before man that they may see your good works. See what you did and glorify the father what's in heaven. Hunger and sign boards reflecting wonderful. Yes sir. Now also we don't want to do this. We don't want to make a quick sale out of it. You say, "Well, I got converted last night. Hallelujah. The whole world." You can't do that. That's a quick sale. If we do that, the product's not much good. If you just live good, say, "I know one time I I live good for two weeks after I was converted. I live I lived I lived two weeks just perfect life. That's a quick save. That's like this call we just had. Nothing but a bunch of vitamins wrapped up together." And it didn't last for a little while. It finally went out. You want to be an arrogant Christian? Arro Christian. very Christian, not a quick save, but let your light so shine. If you walk up to a man and ask him to receive Christ, he'd lash in your face. Don't go and say, "Well, there's nothing to it or he would have accepted it." No, that's a had a call sale. We're not selling had a call. We're selling the gospel. Amen. The power of the living God the same yesterday, today, and forever. If the world hates you, they hated Christ before they hated you. Well, this same cost drove him to the cross, but we're his representatives. We're his billboards. We advertise him. You don't have to have a lot of fancy stuff, a lot of Dr. PhD LLD, the great sanctified church of so and so and so and so found their way back so and so and so and so. We have so and so and so and so. Just make them hungry. Amen. A simple kingdom with Christ going across your life that men will see your good work saying glory father which is in heaven. That's it. Don't be smuted up with the trash in the world. Don't try to advertise yourself like somebody said, "Well, I belong to so and so this big church. It's the biggest church in the city. We got a person near our neighborhood up there that left a little church up here on the highway to go to a bigger church because he said a better people went there. a better class of people see that don't know their their brain becomes dusty. Uh it's it's smudged up with the things of the world. A better class of people. Why a good class of people? A people that's born of the spirit of God. They're so poor they don't know where the next meal is coming from. The only type of people it's worth anything. They're the people that's born again. When Jesus come, what kind of a class of people did he have to get? uneducated fisherman man. Peter the apostle the great saint who was given the keys to the heaven could not even sign his own name stumped with fish from the old fish boats and things with old greasy apron on Jesus took that type of miracle today they're kicking out the church as hallelujah so see the people are looking for class and did you know the devil lives in class you know what caused the first battle in heaven was when Lucifer set up a greater Christ the people got a better place to angels. He thought big a bigger kingdom a more brighter shinier kingdom than Michael had and he was kicked out of heaven. See where class comes from? Stay away from class. Hallelujah. The hungry don't want class. The hungry wants food. Yes, sir. The poor won't and the hungering and thirsting for God wants the gospel and power of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. No matter how sick it is, how how un how unpopular it is with the world, they want reality. A man's dying, a man that knows he's got to meet God. Don't care about any class. He wants to find God. He wants to find assurance that when he comes down to the river, there will be somebody there to meet him and show him the way. He wants something at anchors now that know I know my redeemer liveth. Hallelujah. And the last days shall stay. I'm persuaded that there's nothing present that which is future shall come. Hunger, perils, or anything else can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ. Hallelujah. That's what they want. want something, not a make believe, something sell quick and get over here and join this church. I want something that say, "Well, I'll go down and join the church. I'll have a consecration service. The pastor will baptize me secretly and take me into the church." No, no, that's not it. That's why I'm quick sale. It won't last very long. I want real old test. Hallelujah. A man or a woman that's willing to walk out and say, "I'm wrong. I don't want to become like my neighbor. I want to be a woman like my neighbor. I want to be a man like my neighbor. I want to walk so godly before man that people think of me the same as they did of him. I want to be like Jesus Christ. What can I say to that? Amen. Quite a challenge, right? quite a quite quite a challenge uh uh this morning from the Lord to each of our lives. And uh you know, if I could uh say it like this just uh this morning, if you could say that uh God was trying [Music] to sell us or attract us to being salesman for him. if you would allow me to use those terminologies, to be a billboard. And so uh and the benefits of of uh being a billboard, the the benefits of being an ambassador uh and carrying out the commission because really what we heard this morning was really the commission that was given to the church is to go into all the world and let your light so shine among men that your good works might glorify your father which is in heaven. Now I want to talk to you this morning because we believe that's what the church is. But it becomes very comfortable to come in here and be a Christian to lay our hands on the sick here to uh talk about the good things of God amongst people who like to hear about the good things of God. You know, we ask ourselves, how many times have we really talked to somebody and ask him, do you know the Lord Jesus? You know, and and not do you go to church, do you do this, do you do that, but do I mean, do you know do you know the Lord? You know, do you know the power of the resurrection? Do you know the power of God? Do you know that God can heal you of that? You know, you maybe you hear someone talk about their child. Maybe they're in trouble. Maybe they're in drugs. Maybe and can do do you stand up and say, "You know what? I know a God that can do that. Let's pray together right here. I'll pray for you. Let's do that." Now, that's in our heart's desire, but there's a resistance to it. And I want to uh talk to you because the characteristics of resistance are are in the human nature. They're they're in the human nature. The flesh wars against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh. And these two are contrary one to another. The spirit of God wants to move in you. Many times the spirit of God maybe you feel it bubbling over and you just want to praise God and yet you know there's all the resistance to it. There there's there's a resistance. You got to deal with the resistance. And and and I remember we shared with you a while back that all the all the methods and success stories to be successful, all the steps to be successful, all the things that athletes do, all the things that businessmen do, all those principles of being successful. We took all those principles and took them right in and showed right in the Bible that every single principle of being successful was written right in the scriptures and that a Christian could practice every single one of those and become a successful Christian. Well, if you want to become a successful Christian, you've got to overcome the resistance and or if I could say that, the objections. If a if a person wants to be a successful salesman, he's got to learn to handle the objections that come from human nature. In other words, we've all got a builtup resistance. We've all got a builtup excuse. You've got a built excuse in you for not testifying. You've got a built excuse for you for not making a change. And that's what God wants to do. Everything about being a Christian is about changing. It's not about getting to a place that you can sit put. It's about a constant translation and and a a tr a constant going forward and a constant moving to where you become like Jesus Christ. As he is, so are we in this world. It it's a continual growth until harvest. It's a continual setting in the sun until you ripen into a perfect rapturable uh harvest fruit just like what was planted. But you've got to understand that there's a resistance. And when a salesman walks in and he's going to sit down and try to sell his product, he's got to understand that there's a resistance already built in to the person. That man never stands up and meets him at the door and says, "Oh, you're going to sell something. How much? I want 10." Or he doesn't say, "Oh, I don't care. Just go down the hall and have them write you a check. It don't work that way. He's got to know when he walks in there that there's going to be a whole ton of resistance. that there's going to be a list of objections that are so long that and if if he's not prepared, if he don't believe in what he's got, he'll get ate up. I like to buy a car. I always sit down and look across the cell and says, "What kind of car do you drive? How come you aren't driving the car you're trying to sell me? Maybe I ought to go down the street. You know, I won't buy something from somebody that they're not using it. I got this cream. Take every wrinkle out of your face. Well, do you use it? No. Why not? So, I want you to understand that you you you're a billboard. You've got a product. You've got a sponsor that you've got to go out. You're commissioned to bring this light to the world. It's not an option. You're deceived. If you think you're going to sit in the church, look at a picture of a pillar of fire and a picture of a cloud and say, "I believe in William Brandom and you're going to make it." That's what he's saying. Show me your faith by your works. Show me your faith. Show me that you're a Christian by carrying out the commission or the jo o that God give us to do. Don't let the preacher work up an atmosphere that makes you feel comfortable that now you can do it. You need to do it in the most uncomfortable circumstances there are. testify to a doctor. So, I'm going to sit in the doctor's office and testify that Jesus Christ is a healer. But there's a way to do it. I believe the Lord Jesus is going to use you to heal me. I don't think you can heal me. I don't think your medicine can heal me. But I believe that God called you to put these things together for me. and it's him. But what I want to talk to you this morning just a little bit about is that you've got a job to do. You've got a commission. You're a billboard. But you there's something in you resisting you. And I want to talk about what some of those what the what the world's excuses are or what the world objects. How the world objects is the same way your nature and human nature objects to you carrying out the commission within yourself. In other words, you have to overcome the objections that are coming from within your mind and your body. You have to overcome those to take that step into faith to make that testimony like Abraham did. I believe God's able to perform that which he promised. He made the crib. He built the room. He he swed the beauties. He did everything he was because and he he endured until the end. He knew it was going to happen. How many objections did you think that he had to fight and overcome within himself? So you want to so you what the spirit with inside of you is trying to sell you the Christian life that you can live in the world. The the light in you and the seed in you is trying to sell your outside man this life for you to live. And the outside man is now fighting with the inside man. The flesh is now fighting with the spirit. The spirit wants to be a shining light. The spirit wants to lay hands on the sick. The spirit wants to testify. The spirit wants to shout. The spirit wants to rejoice and praise God. The spirit wants to do those things because that's that's where it lives. That's where it comes from. And it wants to go back to where it come from. And the spirit in you came from the day of Pentecost. And it wants to go back to where it come from. But oh, the objections. I hope I can draw the picture. So this is this the outward man talking to the inward man. The inward man says, "I want you to demonstrate the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ." And here's the outward man's first objection. This is the first objection in the sales world. It's too expensive. What's the cost? How much do I have to sacrifice? What effect will it have on my job? I mean the inside man saying it's free. It was freely given. Freely give. But if you haven't been using the product, you're not so sure you want to sell it. You haven't paid the price for it. Now, how would you expect someone else to pay the price for it? But that's the first objective. That's the first thing that they they want to know. Well, it's too expensive. And and and the other the next thing says, "Well, you know, uh can I get it cheaper someplace else?" You know, I mean, is there a cheaper version of this? Uh is there an easier way? Is there a cheaper way? Is there cheaper? I I can buy it online cheaper. You won't have it now. You might get it in three days. I might get it back order. It don't matter. But what I'm saying is there's this the the spirit inside says, well, wait a minute. Is there a easier way for me to go about accomplishing letting this light shine than letting it shine? You don't even know this. This is all your subconscious. It's all the resistance. It's all the objections. These things might be traveling through you a mile a minute. But you've got to overcome the objection before you can make the sale. Another one is I don't have the budget right now. Or we might put it like this way. I don't have the strength. I just don't have the emotional strength right now. It I I I don't have the attention right now. uh I don't have the time right now. In other words, I didn't budget this in my daily activity that I was going to be called upon to let my light shine and present the power of the resurrection. It wasn't in my plan today. It wasn't in my budget today. I I what is it going to cost me if I if I say something right here at this moment? And so that that's there. You know, the other the next thing is is I need to spend my money elsewhere. You know, I need to I need to put my efforts elsewhere. there's other things I need to do. These things just are rising up within us. They're they're they're the objections of the flesh to the spirit. And that's what religion is. Religion is a covering that allows all your objections to put on a spiritual robe. without ever doing the work. I'll do it when I have more money. Let's take that with the spirit band. We're paralleling these two. I will do it when I have more time. and a better situation. You know the our messenger told us when God tells you to do something do it right quick. Don't hesitate. Do it right now. Do it under the inspiration. Do it when it strikes. But you know what? We say, "Oh, I I'll do it later. I'll do it when I have more time. I'll do it when I'm better prepared. I'll I'll do it." You know, in other words, it now is not the time. I didn't expect it to cost this much. I didn't expect such a big change. I didn't think I would have to give up so much. Maybe God wants you to make a change in your life. not just testifying but maybe quit doing something or start doing something. The spiritual man is looking for a way to express Christ and and I'm it's just not talking about testifying. It's talking about the spiritual man rising past the fleshly man and overcoming the fleshly man until your light shines. It shines through your flesh. Well, your flesh is objecting to Christ shining through you. It's got it's got its history. It's got all of its reasons why not to. You've got to overcome every single one of those objections. Just like you have to overcome every objection to take hold of a promise of God and claim it as yours and believe it. You've got to deal with the objection. You've got to deal with the resistance to the commission. We always think the resistance is from outside. The resistance is from within. I'll do it when I have time. A better situation again. I don't I didn't expect it to cost me much. I didn't expect such a big change. I didn't think I'd have to give up so much. I didn't think it would be so far away from acting the way things I'm doing. I didn't think I'd have to give up my season tickets. I didn't think I'd have to give up my big bird game or my man of war game or my video games. I just wouldn't think I'd have to give up that. I didn't expect it to cost that much. I was really hoping that it would uh that it would uh be be cheaper or there be an easier way. You know, the other one is well, you know, I'll do it in another quarter or something. In other words, I'll do it another time. I'm not going to reject it. I'll just do it another time. I'll get back to it. And again, is there a cheaper version? Can I only take part of something and not something that's so heavy? Can I can I do just do a part of it? Is there a cheaper version? Is there a lighter package? Do I have to buy it all? Do I have to take it all? So, this is the flesh talking to the spirit. The spirit says, "I want to sell you this life. And your flesh is saying, "Well, do you have a cheaper version? I didn't know it was going to cost so much. Can I do this another time? I didn't budget for this. I didn't plan for this." But if you don't overcome that guy, They call that cost objectives. And then you know this is the old flesh guy talking to the spirit. I need more time to think about it. more consideration, more time to look for excuses. The old stall tactic. Well, I I if I I'm going to I'm going to pray about it. It's God speaking to you expressly. You know it's right. You know the light wants to shine. You know you can be a better Christian. You know you can testify. You know all these things. The spirit's dying to come out. The Holy Spirit is dying to move in the life of the believer. But the believer's flesh, you understand? has all these little questions and all these little resistances and all these little thoughts. Now, we can bring this to the the greatest battle ever fought. Yes, they're going on in their mind. Yes, it's the flesh waring against the spirit. And the spirit's handling every one of these objections. Well, how much does this cost? It's free. Choose this day who you'll serve. The words answering back every one of these objections. I'll not leave you. I'll not forsake you. I'll be with you, even in you. But I need more time to think about it. Oh, I want to wait until until I get back from vacation, till I get this project finished, till this, till that. In other words, I want to wait till I get done doing what I'm doing. I'll go testify to that guy. I'll go make it right. I'll go do. But as soon as I get done with what I'm doing, now I'm I'm not saying this in condemnation. I'm saying that we have got to understand if we're going to go forward, not as a church that can shout in this building, but as a church that's going to take the resurrected Jesus Christ that our prophet of God presented to us, what we heard on tape out to this world, you are going to have to fight every single objection that your flesh has. This is just world overcoming world. Can you imagine how how how how much it is with the spirit. I need to explore my options. I got to know what else is out there to buy. I want to buy a fishing reel. You know what I do when I buy a fishing reel? I read about so many fishing reels, by the time I'm done, I'm so confused. I just want to take a cork and a bobber. This one cranks this fast. This one spills that one. This got nine bearings. This one's got this bearing. You know, how many guns does it take to kill a deer? I don't know. There's 9,000 guns out there. There's always, you know, always to explore. Oh, I don't want to just testify. I just don't want to believe it. I just don't want to go do it. I don't want to be compelled. I don't want to act on inspiration. I don't want to make immediate decision. I want to explore. Forever learning and never coming to realization through never making the decision, never making the commitment, never getting down and praying through and saying, "I'm going to get down. I'm going to pray through and when I going to come up from here, I'm going to be different. I'm going to let the spirit of God take control of my life. I'm going to overcome this objection. I'm always procrastinating. I'm always gonna do it another day. I'm always going to do it when I get done with this. I'm always weighing how much it's going to cost. What's it going to mean? What effect is it going to have on my life? The question is, when are we? Everybody in here ought to have a convert by the end of the year. You know, they teach an encyclopedia salesman. They don't sell encyclopedias anymore. Shows you how old I am. But they used to get it ingrained in their head. You will only sell encyclopedia set one in every 125 appointments. So what do you think they do? They do hundreds of appointments. They don't let the first snow stop them. They don't let the next snow stop them. You heard it on the tape. If they don't want it, you don't stop. You don't testify to one person. He said, "Go into all the world." You just don't have one thing to overcome in your life. You have hundreds of things to overcome in your life. You just don't make one change in your life. You make thousands of changes in your life. And every single one of these uh objections for every circumstance, you got to fight through them all. You've got to fight. You've got to overcome. It's given to the overcomer to sit with me on my father's throne. Get rid of all these things in your mind. Get rid of beating yourself down. Get rid of running yourself down. I hate it when a person runs themselves down. Creates an excuse to make mistake after mistake after mistake. Oh, this is just the way I am. I'm a bum. I make mistakes. I'm just no good. Jesus didn't buy junk. He gets what he paid for. Now is not the right time. Oh, I'll do it, but not now. Now is not the right time. I don't want to deal with this now. Denial. Yeah, it's true. I shouldn't gossip. But I don't really want to deal with it right now. I know I'm a spoiled brat. I know I'm a snot snot. I know I'm mean to my husband. I know I degrade him. I know I say bad things. I know. I know I turn my shoulder. I know I get angry. I know I get fussy. But I don't want to deal with it right now. You know how Jesus answered that, don't you? Thou fool, thy soul might be required of you this night. It's not you. It's the objections. It's the resistance. That's why you have to overcome. If there's no resistance, you wouldn't have to overcome. Even in electronics, they got resistors because if there wasn't something resistor, the it would go and kill. It would destroy everything else. They got to control the power. Oh, that's what Satan does. He wants to control the power. He don't mind for a little bit of you to leak out someplace where it's got of no significance. But did you hear what our prophet said? He says, "Your influence never dies." He said, "You're a Christian every day. Loving, sweet, kind, because you don't know. You're the billboard. You have a sponsor. You're representing Christ. But we think, "Oh, there's another time to do that or I'll do it next week. I'll do it the you know, now's not the right time." You know, let's revisit this later. I'll revisit this. And then we revisit the same thing over and over and over and over again. Oh, Satan's clever. He'll come at you five or six times right in a row and then and and you'll never fight it and then he just pulls back and you say, "I'll deal with this another time." And I'm just not talking about battling sin. I'm talking about good works. I'm talking about going forward, laying for yourself a pattern of good works. I'll start doing good works. In a few months, I'll start visiting the father and the homeless and the sick. In a few months, I'll start doing these things. In a few months, I'll start being kind and gentle and bridle my tongue. in a few months. I know I need to do it, but not right now. I still got a little bit of things I want to share with the sister down the street or I I don't I I I'm not ready to shut my ear to what people are saying. I'm not ready to say I don't want to hear about it. Not interested. I don't want to be out of the loop. Well, you're not in the loop. You're in the dupe. Satan's duped you into thinking you're spiritual because you can gossip. It's a spirit. It's the counterpirit to testifying. Yeah, let me circle back to you. Let me get around to it. Intentionally promising yourself that you'll do actions later. Getting out of it by making false promises. Yeah, I I'll I'll get I'll get I'll circle around. I'll I'll I'll note this down, but I'll get around to it later. Here's the one I like. This isn't urgent. It has nothing to do with salvation. It has nothing to do with my soul. It's just a little thing. You you you you know it's like it's because it's that inner that outer man dealing with that inner man. Even the outer man is dealing in the subconscious. These are these are things that all of a sudden they're in your mind. It's a builtin resistance of the flesh against the spirit. Like we talked about being successful. Successful people get up early. Boy, this guy don't like to get up early. I'm starting to try to come up with all kinds of excuses. I'm 75. I'm gonna retire and I I I I get a social security and and you know what your success goes bloop bloop because successful people get up. How many times I heard say I got up at the break of dawn and I went out in the woods and I prayed. That'll never change. The resistance won't change. Overcoming won't change. The results of overcoming will not change. You fight the resistance, you'll see the fruits. That's a promise. That's a thus sayaith the Lord from the scriptures. But you got to know your resistance. You got to know the enemy. You've got to know his tactics. You've got to know he's fighting us. The battle is from without and it's from within. But it isn't that urgent. It's not important. It's a little thing. No, you know when it's important to do whenever it comes. Whether it's a good work, whether it's overcoming something. Now is the time to move. This is the day that the Lord has chose. This is the hour that the Lord has. Just like your healing. Sometimes you're sick and you just think, "Well, it's not that urgent. You know, I'm not on my deathbed." Don't wait till you're on your deathbed. God's a healer. He'll heal any part of you that's wrong with you. But listen to what our messenger said. You don't have to lay your hands on the sick and feel the power of God. What it means to experience a bag of bones being brought up. He says you don't need any of that to be a billboard by God. You need the love of God shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Ghost. Let us move on to perfection. These things we will do if God so permit. But if you're a Christian, signs will follow you. You won't make signs. You won't produce signs. They will follow you. They will follow in the people that you have influenced. That's where the sign will show up. You don't need a sign. You've got an inddwelling spirit of God. You've got him in your heart. You're walking after him. The love of God's in your heart, everything else follows. But you got to remember, one of the biggest resistances is you've got to fight is it's not urgent. This isn't the time. I'll loop around. I'll get to it later. Yeah, I need to finish other things. I've got to take care of other things. You know, those are all great things. this he said he said you know or I like this one I just signed up for something else well you know something cancel that contract everything will come up now I'm just talking about in the natural world you given a type the natural types the bureau right could I use that. So when somebody's trying to sell something, he already knows there's a barrage of excuses coming. Well, the spirit knows that when it's going to ask your flesh to make a move into the supernatural that your flesh is going to resist. It already knows and you've got to handle that. You got to go back what your heart's desire. Love's motivating you. The spirit of God's motivating you. The word of God's motivating. You've got a scriptural answer. When Jesus came on the scene, Satan resisted him. If thou be, if thou be, it is written. It is written. It is written. Satan says, flesh says, what's the cost? The spirit says, I'm willing to lay down my life for this gospel. Put this flesh says, put it off to another time. The spirit says, no, this is the day that the Lord hath made. This is the day of my deliverance. This is the day we're going to cross over. This is the day the wall's going to come tumbling down. The resistance speaks. The spirit speaks back. Hear ye him. Get in tune to listening to the spirit speak in your life. Don't condemn yourself. because you have resistance. Don't condemn yourself because your flesh fights you. Don't condemn yourself because your flesh lusts after the things of the world. Don't condemn yourself because your flesh is a liar. You were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, caping in the world speaking lies. Don't get mad at your flesh. Get the Holy Spirit. You know, don't be mad if you're sick when you got medicine to take. Feed the spiritual person. Build them up in Christ. Make them stronger. But Satan's tricked us into he he brings the resistance. Our floods brings resistance and we don't think we're Christians. I better close. You know, he says, "I like this. I'm not sure it'll work for me. I'm sure it works for the other guy, but I'm not sure if I pray. I'm not sure it works. If I do this, I'm not sure it'll work. I'm not sure it'll work for me. If it works, it works. It works for anybody. It works for everybody. God is not a respector of persons. It'll work for you. Healing will work for you. Deliverance will work for you. Knowledge will work for you. Wisdom will work for you. Understanding will work for you. You can overcome. It'll work for you. It is for you. Do not let anybody ever tell you that there's not one part of this gospel that's not for you. All the word of God, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. It's all for you, little flock. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom, not me. I remember a little cartoon I saw always growing up. It was called Not Me. You know, it showed the little kids with the cake all over their face and and the kids say, "Did you eat the cake?" And the kids all covered in cake and he says, "Not me." And then there's this little guy over there standing on the side and he's got, "Not me." The oh, not me spirit. No. Yes, me. Did Jesus die for? Yes. Not me. Did Jesus heal? Not me. Get rid of that not me guy. Fight the resistance. The resistance doesn't take your faith. Think it not strange at the fiery darts of the enemy. Think it not strange at the trying of your faith. I I like what the the the brother said Wednesday night. He he said, "I I I don't I'm not going to get his words just right." He said, "But if you don't get a victory, at least you'll get a lesson. Maybe there's something you got to learn before you get it. But God don't quit. God's not going to quit on you. He's not going to He didn't quit on Paul. He's not going to quit on you. He didn't keep hold Paul back because of what he did. Paul had to overcome that and he fought through it. I like this. It sounds too good to be true. Not me. Sounds too good. Oh, I'm so unworthy. So unworthy. You I I I I you know, it's like saying, "Do you want to go eat? Are you hungry?" And then you get some weird answer. I I had a bowl of cereal this morning. Do you think I care whether you had a bowl of cereal in the morning? I really don't. And I'm still overcoming in the flesh. So I say, would you answer the question already? Are you hungry or not? Because the only reason I'm asking you if you're hungry because my wife reminds me every time I go out the door, don't forget those brothers have to eat. Cuz I'll work till it gets done. I don't care whether we eat or not. But you can't even get a straight answer out of somebody. And yet the Bible says, "Let your yays be yays and your naysay be nays." See, that's all part of that built-in resistance. And I'm I'm not I guess I'm okay. You can always vote me out. We'll have a vote in 2030. Sounds too good, but true. I love this one. I've been burned before or I know somebody else who's been burned. Always finding some excuse, somebody else to put it on. How do I know this doesn't just another gimmick or another generic thing? How do I know this is the real thing, not just a just a some other thing, not just the same old thing? all these things. The minute you come up, one of these things starts going, "Oh, how do I know this is really the word? How do I know this is the right thing to do? I've got to think about it. I've got to circle back to it. I will do it later." And pretty soon you never face the issue. You know, I mean, if you if you're failing at something over and over again, you might want to stop a moment and examine it. Maybe it's just you need to go in a complete different direction. Maybe there's a lot of thoughts you have to get out of your mind. But God's word does not fail. He gave this word. He didn't need the word himself. He was the word in the beginning was the word. He was He's the I am. He didn't have to resurrect. He didn't have to do anything. Everything he did was so he could sponsor you. So you could know the product's real, the product's genuine, the product's been tested, the product's been proven. He laid his hand on the sick and they recovered. So you can lay your hands on the sick and they'll recover. He rose from the dead so you know that you'll rise from the dead. He cast out devils so you know you can cast out devils. He didn't need to do it for him. He did it for you. He did it so he could sponsor you. He made the product for you. Eternal life was for you. In fact, he gave it to you and he's trying to get you to discover it. But you have to overcome the resistance in order to discover it. You got to buy the product. You've got to take the baptism. You say, "Well, I don't sure if I've got the baptism." Then get down and pray through again until it's renewed in your life. Until you overcome. And if something comes visit you again, fight it again. That's right. But we've got to move forward. We've got to get what we've got to this dying generation. We've got to see the results, not within in ourselves. You know where all the results are done? First, they're done in a lab. And then after they're pretty sure it doesn't kill a rat, they'll find a human being. And if it don't kill the human being, they sell it to the world. Well, I'm tired of just being a a lab. Well, I wasn't going to say that. I want to bring it to the world. And if I want to bring it to the world, I'm going to meet resistance, brother Matt. And it ain't going to be easy. And there's going to be people smarter than me. There's going to be people richer than me. There's going to be people that famouser. But I've got the words of eternal life. And if my heart's right, I want them to have what I've got because there's nothing like it. There's not another product anywhere. and and he says, you know, and then there there's the other one is there's so many other people out there, so many voices, but my sheep hear my voice. I don't see enough reviews or testimonies. Everybody's waiting till they know it works. But you know, God's going to put you in the position where you're the first one, where you have your own testimony. You stepped out on your own two feet. You done something nobody else has done before. You know, it doesn't have to have social media approval. We're led by the spirit of God. You I like the other one. You seem new at this. Yeah, I am new. But my product's been around since the beginning of time, before time began. Yeah, I'm a young Christian. I'm new at this. I'm a new salesman. I'm a new billboard. But God put me because my message is going to get to somebody. He's having me shine my light because somebody's gonna see it. One of the great authors wrote it like this. We're fools to compare ourselves one with another. These are and the last objection is I'm not sure I can trust the process. That's the big one. I'm not sure I can trust the fact if I take somebody by the hand and I say, "Let us pray." And I pray with the sincerity of my heart, I'm not sure that process works. I need a bigger process. I need some discernment or I need more people to gather around. I'm not sure that the process works if I just tell somebody how my candle got lit. That that'll work. I'm not sure of the process. It's got to be bigger. It's got to be It's got to be more to it than this. And all these things are turnurning in our minds and in the world because we're going into a world. Brother Rim said God gave him the Holy Ghost and endued him with power on high because he knew he was sending them into a world that had many gods, many pagan gods. And he had to have a way to show that his God was the one and true God. And when Paul went up on Mars Hill, he said, "I noticed you have all these gods here." He says, "I want to tell you about a God you don't have, the one and only true living God." And he began to testify about the God that he serves, what he did, how he was on the road to Damascus, and how a light came and said, "Paul, it's hard to clear." How he got delivered, how he was shipwrecked, and how he shook the serpent off. And he began to testify of all the great things that God had done and even to where he wanted to knew he had to go testify even to Caesar. We have resistance. The flesh wars against the spirit. The spirit against the flesh. It fights us. Our past sins fights us. Our the weakness of our flesh fights us. Our failures fight us. There are resistance to everything that we would say or do. You know, sometimes we're shy. Did you know brother Brandham says that he likes shy girls? There's nothing wrong with those things. There's two voices out there. The voice of the word, which the voice we have in this day was promised by this word, and there's the world and the things of the world. And they're going to fight against you. And your own nature is going to fight against you. But it's given to you to overcome. We've got to handle the objectives. We've got to overcome. And we've got to make the step of faith to step out on God's word and believe every promise of God's word. And the process works. He's your sponsor. And because he sponsored you to say it, he'll not leave you nor forsake you, but he'll be with you, even in you till the end. It's late. God bless you. Good [Applause] morning. Amen. Aren't you glad you're available this morning? Let's all stand. See, oh wonderful, merciful savior, precious redeemer and friend. Who would have thought that a lamb would rescue the souls of heaven? Oh, you rescue the souls of pain. Oh, and counel and comfort to keep. Oh, and spirit we long to in pray. You offer hope when our hearts hopelessly lost away. Oh, we hopelessly lost. [Music] Oh, you are the one that we [Music] praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and the grace. [Music] Oh, your heart for you. Our hearts always wonderful. Oh, and all mighty inf. [Music] Oh, and faithfully loving [Music] your nation. [Music] Oh, I'm falling before your throne. Oh, we're falling before your throne. You are the one that we [Music] praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace on [Music] earth. Oh my heart. Sing again. Oh mighty faithful father. Oh, and faithful in loving [Music] your weakness to falling before your throne. Oh, we're falling before your throne. Oh, you are the one that we [Music] praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing gra. [Music] Oh, our hearts always wonderful. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Oh, let the say I am. Oh, let say I can see. Oh, I know what the Lord has. Such a promise this morning. Oh, and let the we say I am strong. Oh, and let the world say I am. Oh, let the light say I can see. Oh no what the Lord has done. [Music] Ohana to the lamb. [Music] Oh, Jesus died and rose again. Oh, and unto the river. Oh, my wash away from the mercy of the Savior. I will to the s [Music] of I will sing for Jesus Christ. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. [Music] Oh Jesus. Just say me one more time this morning. Hosanana to theana. [Music] Let's sing that last verse again. Oh, and unto the Oh, I will. Oh, and my soul wash away. Oh, from the heaven is free. Oh, and I thirsty. [Music] Oh, all [Music] right. The saving of God. Oh, I will see. Salvation is just oh and Jesus Christ. [Music] Hosanana to the [Music] lamb. Hosana. [Music] Oh Jesus Christ. [Music] Hosanana Jesus comes and rose again. Hallelujah. desire to be hungry in my heart for the word and to be fed by his word and to be that billboard. Amen. If you desire prayer this morning and just come and you'll be prayed for and amen. If you believe in your seat is the same God. It hasn't changed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know a man who can walk on walk through every time, every everywhere. Oh, and I know the man who can calm your sto. [Music] Oh, and in the storm, in the stor. Oh, and it'll venture there. Oh, at any time, any place, anywhere. Oh, and great. Oh, at any time. Oh, at all time. Any place, anywhere. Oh, and I know a man who can raise the king, any time, any place, anywhere. Oh, and I you know him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, any time, any place. Oh, and in the storm. In the stor. Oh, and oh, any place, anywhere. Oh, and rain shines on top. Oh, and all any place anywhere. Oh, and I I know a man who can be [Music] my chasing anywhere. Oh, and with little feet. [Music] Oh, and ain't no stone. Oh, and you need to go at any time, any place, anywhere. Oh, and rain or shine on any place, anywhere. Oh, and I know the man who can save me in [Music] my way. Oh, and I know a man who can [Music] be in [Music] the morning. Oh, and those shies on. Oh, and in the [Music] song, anywhere. Oh [Music] sh Gary, if we could just come and dismiss us this morning. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, we just come before you this morning. Lord, we're just thankful in our hearts that you can meet us anytime, any place, anywhere, Father, cuz you're an everpresent God in a time of need. And you know all things. You know where we'll be. You know where we're lacking, where we're struggling, where we need to fight the resistance. Lord, Father, I just ask that you would help us to do so. Help us to have courage and be bold and operate the Holy Ghost. [Music] And Lord, just to be efficient, Lord, we want to overcome. I ask that you would bless us and help us, strengthen us, give us wisdom, Lord. We love you. We just ask that you'd bless us today. May many come back to the house of God tonight for communion and footwashing. Lord, may they fight the resistance, Lord. We love you. We thank you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't forget communion tonight. Amen. God bless you. You are dismissed. Amen. See, oh joy is the flag from high from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Jo is your flag from high. From the castle of my heart. Oh God the king is rising. Oh, and let it shine in the sky. Let the whole know. Oh, let the whole world know. Oh, let the whole world know. Oh, let it shine in the sky. Let the whole world. Oh, the king is in a [Music] res from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Oh, from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. the [Music] king. Oh, let it shine in the sky. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Oh, let it shine in the sky. Let the whole world know. Oh, God. The king is [Music] amazing. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music]
