################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - [2025-07-06am] Have I Lost My Key? | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   [2025-07-06am] Have I Lost My Key? | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrWRT9YNuZ4
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Where are you? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's all stand and sing now. Amen. Let's [Music] just sing that song. I have been blessed. Amen. Oh, and he walks among us. All that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love. If the pin of the rider wide every day, oh, even its words were never contained. How much I've been blessed. Oh, and I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are son of you and me. No way could I count him. There's not enough time. Oh, so I'll just thank him for all of the heart. Oh, and God has been good. So good. I heaven bless. Oh, and he sent his son for us to die on the cross. Oh, and bear with us. Oh, and waiting in the heart. He sent back his spirit to those who believe. the fountain of life. Oh, for others to seek him. I have been blessed. Oh, and I am blessed. Oh, God so good to me. Gracious are his stars. No way. that I count. There's not an out time. Oh, and so I'll just take him for love. Oh, and God has been good. So good. [Music] Oh, and I have been blessed. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh is always unfolding and continually f. Oh and my light is salv. Oh and whom shall I fe the strength of my life. Oh, and my enemies, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. [Music] Oh, and no way could I count him. is noted on time. So I'll just thank him. Oh, and God has been good so good. Oh, and I have been blessed. Oh, and is my shoulder turn to lean on when I am. Oh, and the rock. Oh, and I'm so hungry. Oh, and a place where he hid under his wings. Oh, is the song for is the reason I sing I have been blessed. Oh, and I have been blessed. God so good to me. [Music] No way could I count him. [Music] Oh, and so I'll just thank him. [Music] Oh, and God has been good. Oh, so good. Oh, and I have Hallelujah. How many can say this morning, God has been so good to me, so good beyond measure, beyond any words, beyond anything I can comprehend. I tell you, it's his goodness that brings us to him. When when we can come in an understanding of the price that is paid and everything that he does for us, both seen and unseen, that brings you into his goodness this morning. Amen. Brother David Jr., you if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Certainly happy to be gather in his presence. And I trust you here. You're happy to be in the house of God. And Amen. So thankful to be in his house this morning. I know many of you became aware we were on the trip and we heard of the floods back in Texas and there's a part of a news story I read and they there's a I guess a man who owns a restaurant down in South Texas and he was contemplating what it was like to be the families that are missing their girls. He says, "I I couldn't imagine what it feels like." He says, "But I don't need to. I just need to make sandwiches. If I can make sandwiches, then I could feed the responders. If they're out there looking, then maybe they could save a life. I think every single one of us has something we can do. It may not be making sandwiches, but we can go to prayer this morning. We can ask the Lord to move. We can do our part." And I just pray the Lord would comfort those families. But there's something God wants to do this morning and we just have to do our part. So let's go to him together in prayer. Heavenly Father, we're thankful to be gathered together in your house, Lord. Lord, when we come and we hear the praises of your people sung. And Lord, we remember the good things you've done for us, Lord. That you're the one who's kept us. You're the one who's preserved us. Lord, when our hearts were cast down and we were troubled, you comforted us, Lord. Lord, when we needed a healing touch, you healed us. And Lord, when we were dismayed, you gave a soundness of mind. And Lord, truly, if we could look back and see all the things you've done and yesterday, we can believe that today now, you're the I am God. You're the present help in the time of need. You still calm the storms. And Father, we ask now you'd come and have complete preeminence. Lord, you would do something special to move upon each heart and each mind to bring us in one accord, Lord. Because we know that as we come together as your people, Father, if we agree on any one thing, Lord, mighty things could be done. And so, we're agreeing, Father, that this service will be to your glory, Father, that people will not leave the same. Those who came in sick will leave well. Those who came in, Lord, needing a question upon their heart, needing an answer, Lord, will leave with that answer. Lord, that you would start to move into the miraculous, Father. That you're the God of the impossible, Lord. We didn't come just to have a church service and leave the same fulfilling some obligation, Lord. But we're putting ourselves before you that you would come and do only the things you can do, Father. Lord, so our expectation is is regardless of how impossible we thought something is, you can accomplish it, Lord. So, we're committing this service to you. from each song that is sung, the testimonies that are given. Father, we just ask you to come now, have complete preeminence, and have it the praises of your people, Lord, and just Lord, do only the things that you can do. For we've asked it in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. We want to welcome all our visitors this morning. Man, it's good to see Brother Joy and Sister Grace and the baby over there. And I know sister Verinique must be the happiest grandmother tonight and this morning. And just turn around and welcome someone this morning in the house of God. And all our visitors are certainly happy to have you with us. Amen. Let's open our Bibles for song reading this morning. Psalm 34. Amen. I just woke up this morning and as brother David Junior said this morning, you know, no matter what state you are in, you want to praise him and you want to understand that our praise shall continually be on our lips. Amen. I'll read the first congregation will read the second and we'll join together on the last. Amen. It said, I will bless the Lord all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. were not ashamed. The angel of the Lord encamp around about them that fear him and delivered them. Oh, fear the Lord, oh ye saints, for there is no want to them that fear him. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. from speaking guile. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry. The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and deliver them out of all their troubles. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivered him out of them all. Evil shall slay the wicked, and they shall hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord remembered the soul of his righteous servant, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Amen. A flat. Oh, when I'm needing, I call on the Lord. Oh, and he hears me. Yes, he helps me faithful in his home. [Music] Oh, and my companion. Oh, and the only true God. Oh, there's no one gater. Our wonderful Savior Jesus the mighty J. [Music] just to save us. I al mighty [Music] slices [Music] for his glory. to me. The great is the story. might [Music] [Applause] [Music] just save your position. Heat. Heat. [Music] might be [Music] just [Music] [Music] my [Music] heart This is Jesus. [Music] Never again [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] My The whole Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] angry. [Music] [Music] May God [Music] [Applause] for these are the days of Elijah declaring the word [Music] and we of the righteousness. [Music] Oh [Music] my god. [Music] Sh. [Music] [Music] Oh sh of the We are [Music] the [Music] father of the mighty world. [Music] Oh, I beh Holy might. Oh [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Father Jehovah. Holy, holy, holy [Music] [Music] his heart. Let's just worship him this morning. Praise God. Jehovah is [Music] like [Music] [Music] my heart. Oh [Music] sh [Music] [Music] Let's just sing it one more time. Let's go back Jehovah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Oh sh [Music] [Applause] [Music] to him. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Worship in the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. No matter what you're going through, remember there's no God like Jehovah. Amen. Amen. So thankful for that. Amen. Sister Numa has a testimony and a song if she could come at this time. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Before we sing our special, I just wanted to share my testimony of how the Lord healed me at Indiana camp. I was dealing with a lot of pain in my left hip. And it um it started in April at Louisiana camp when me and Zoe we were kayaking and um we were sitting there for like a long time and then my left hip which was what hurt it cramped and it hurt really bad but I didn't think anything of it since I just thought it was just because of the kayaking. And then from then like till now this camp my I was completely normal. I had no pain absolutely nothing. I was completely healthy. And then at BYC, it was the during the evening service uh on Monday, June 30th, I really felt the Lord just speaking to me through that service. And the preacher was just speaking on things that was really on my heart. And I went and I knelt down at the altar. And I was just I just lost track of time in the presence of the Lord. And I really just felt the Lord just touch me. And um I didn't know how long I was there for. I I was just kneeling. And um then sister Julia, she she came and she prayed with me and she sat with me and she stayed till I was ready to get up. And because I was sitting for so long, uh it took me a minute to get up and because I had cut like circulation in my legs. But um and then it was fine. and I was able to walk and not it was just completely normal. And then um even though that service touched me and I went down at the altar, I still just felt a heaviness and a kind of restlessness in my heart and um I just thought I just didn't know why, but I just still I felt something just a big burden on my heart. And the next day I woke up. It was like Tuesday, July 1st, and I woke up with a little bit of pain in my left hip, but I just ignored it because I just thought it was because of kneeling the other night. And I just ignored it and I didn't really think anything of it. And then again during the evening service, I just it it spoke to me more than any of the services and I just felt that I needed to just pray. So I just I sat down in my seat and I just prayed and I just started to cry and cry and that I really I felt just a whole other presence and um then after in my seat I went to the altar again and again I just I just truly that night I felt like I truly gave my whole heart to the Lord and I just I stayed there I think way longer than the other night and I just was just lost in his presence and I just felt this like overwhelming peace just come into my heart and I didn't think about how I was sitting. I didn't think about how long I was sitting. I just was just lost in his presence. And then um I it was after that that um I when I was getting up I couldn't my hip that was when my hip really started to hurt and I couldn't even stand straight. I needed like Zoe and um Anita and a few other sisters. They had to pick me up from the floor and it just the pain got so bad and um one of the sisters had told me to go like try and like stretch my hip and like try and like pop it cuz I was sitting on it for a really long time. So I did that and then the pain I was like in laying down and I and then the pain just skyrocketed. It just got really bad. And then I started just I was panicking cuz I didn't know what was happening. I didn't know why. And I just got really I just panicked and I started hyperventilating and I was just gasping for breath. I couldn't breathe and I was just shaking. And then because of the um hyperventilation and because I was like not taking in enough air, my body just started tingling and I couldn't move. I couldn't move my hands, my legs, my face. My Zoe had FaceTimed my parents and my dad had told me to smile and I couldn't move my face and my body I couldn't I just couldn't move. And that's when I started like I got even more panicked. So that's when I just they called 911 and they had to call an ambulance and cuz I was like it just got really bad and I just couldn't breathe and my body was just stuck and I panicked even more because of um not being able to move and just the pain. And so then they called the ER and the ambulance came and then they took me out on a stretcher and um then at the ER they took an X-ray and they did a few like blood tests and an IV and um it the X-ray showed that everything was normal and I was it just showed that I was like dehydrated and um low on potassium but nothing like too serious. Nothing was like damaged or broken or anything. And um uh yeah, just after the hospital, after we got back, the it just my hip I could not walk. I could not do anything. I could not sit up by myself. I needed someone to like pull me up. I couldn't stand. I couldn't lay down. I just need I just couldn't do anything. It just hurt so bad. And I'm so blessed to have had like Zoe and Sister Julia and so many people help me and they just really stayed by my side and just showed me so much love and took such good care of me and um so Thursday so that I went to the hospital Tuesday and then Wednesday and Thursday were just really bad pain. Thursday morning, I tried going to the morning service, but I just had to leave um early because uh my hip I couldn't sit for that long. it would just like like have like sharp pains and um so uh we went back to the dorm and did like we just rested and I thought we were thinking me, sister Julia and Zoe were thinking to just stay and live uh stream the evening service and then thankfully brother David had come and he prayed for me and he insisted that even though it hurts we could take whatever we needed but just to be there in the service and to listen to it. And thankfully he did and I was able to like lay in the back and still be able to be there. And then brother David and other brothers, they had came and they prayed for me. They laid their hands and prayed for me. And then when we were walking out of the service, I real I couldn't before the service I couldn't extend my leg. I kept it like I was limping and I just couldn't put any pressure. But then after the service when we were walking out um I realized I could extend my leg and I slowly let go of sister Julie and Zoe who were like um who I was leaning on to help walk and I could stand and I could walk and without any support and the Lord truly just healed me in that moment. Listen to their prayers. And then we once I could walk we could we went around and we went testifying and we were we went around into like the gyms and then our counselor was like everyone look new walking and cuz like everyone saw like me just limping and I had to ride in like go-karts cuz I couldn't move but we just ran around praising and pe like everyone started crying And it was just truly so beautiful how the Lord had just delivered me in that moment. And after that night I went to the hospital. The whole camp had prayed for me. Like everyone in the girls dorms, the boys dorms, the staff, people like campers who didn't even know me told their churches and their families to pray for me. And I truly just felt so loved and so blessed to be surrounded by brothers and sisters who they didn't even know me. Entire churches didn't even know me, but they still prayed for me. And I truly believe that the Lord heard all of our prayers. And I just truly can't thank the Lord enough for his goodness and for his grace. And I'm very blessed to be able to stand here without any pain, completely normal, and testify what the Lord has done. Um, this song has truly been a blessing to us and we hope it's a blessing to you, too. [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me [Music] from every fear. Those who look on him [Music] are radant. They'll never be ashamed. Will never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Applause] Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, he saints who give you everything. to give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May your incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Why don't you just give the Lord a hand to this morning is worship his holy name. Whatever you need. Hallelujah. He wants you to taste of his goodness. He wants you to know who he is this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. I didn't even know that we're going to sing that song when we read Psalm 34 this morning. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Brother Tommy has a testimony here. Right. Thank you for your prayers. My aunt MRI came back and she's cancer free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I I don't know about you, I feel in heavenly places this morning already. Amen. Amen. Isn't it good to serve the Lord? Amen. He will give you everything. He will protect you. He will heal you. Whatever you have need of, he's there to give you. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart this morning, we don't have any written requests. I know Sister Lori is home not feeling well. And uh we certainly want to remember her and she sent a a message just requesting that we pray. Uh let me just check it real quick. Uh she said, "I have a family member uh needing prayer for her niece Abby. She's 18 and uh she had seizure yesterday. They found out she had a tumor on her brain and they say surgery is too dangerous." Amen. I believe that's the same God this morning who can heal. And that's the same. There's no devil too big. There's no diseases too big. There's nothing. Our God is tremendous this morning. We can come together in faith and know we can't be scared of those things. The God is here to heal us of all our diseases. Amen. If you have any upon your heart just to end up after him and man the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Andrew, if you could just come and take this needs before the church. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. Why don't we stand together and just look to the Lord for these needs? And you know the Lord that's touched your heart. Let's lift up our hands to thank him for the touch. Heavenly Father, Lord, you see your people touch your garment, the hymn of your garment this morning for these needs. Lord, we ask, Father, that you would be the one that'd be glorified and that you'd be honored and praised for the the request and even the answer of the request, Lord Jesus. As we lift up, oh God, that great atoning blood, Lord, it was representative of a an eternal love, Lord. And Father, that's what we're looking to, Lord, to answer for our sister Lori and the need for the loved one Abby. Lord, we know that you are more than able to take that tumor and to bring about a deliverance from seizures. Lord, we we have witnesses here and testimonies. Father, we just pray you'd be merciful, Lord. We we honor you, Lord. We honor your resurrection. We want to praise you with all that we are, Lord. Take, Lord, the pulsation of our heart, Lord. We just want to commit it all to you, Lord. The needs that are upon your children, Lord. the desires, oh God, to see you move in our lives and our situations. So, Father, I pray that we can draw a little closer to you this morning, Lord. Will you will you bless your people, Lord, by speaking to them personally, Lord? May it bring about the great change that we're longing for, Lord. I pray that you would open our eyes and our understanding this morning. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he comes. Lord, may we see be beyond the veil of humanity, Lord, beyond the veil of time, Lord, beyond the veil of complex and different things, Lord. We just pray, God, you'd be merciful, Lord, have your right away, Lord, as we commit the tithes and offerings to you. We love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Say this mountain can be moved. Oh, they say this chains will never break. Oh, but they don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. Oh, I saw my power in your name. [Music] Go the end of all. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle that we believe [Music] that we live for. We know that hope is never lost. For there is still an empty grave. God we believe no matter who. Oh there is power. Hallelujah. Oh and so much power in your name. Oh, you know, [Music] oh God, we believe God. Oh, and from the impossible. Oh, God. We believe God we believe for you. Oh you say oh and I hallelujah. Just worship him this morning. [Music] I Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Happyos [Music] for Holy [Music] [Music] pastor this Oh [Music] my god. [Music] Just worship him this morning. [Music] You will see your name [Music] for you all for [Music] what I need is to say it is Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Great. [Music] Impossible. We believe that we believe. Hallelujah. Our gracious father this morning, [Music] we're so blessed to have your goodness and your love extended to us. [Music] But father today as parents and grandparents our heart turns to those of our Christian faith who had sent their daughters to a a Christian camp father because they wanted them to have Christian principles and Lord and a tragedy came their way him. They lost so many, Father. And Lord, we just join with believers all over the world who are asking for your grace and kindness to comfort hearts. Father, we know that those children were young and that Father, you taken them home and that one day they'll be youed. Father, I pray that every parent finds the place in their life that they can know that they have a hope if they turn their lives to you that they can meet again, Father. And as we lose loved ones along life's journey, Father, we have a hope that one day, Father, we'll come face to face with you and all that we love. We ask you to bless our service this morning. Father, may it help us. May it accomplish, Father, something in our lives that we can begin to see the importance of the place that we play in the eternal work of your hand. We ask you to bless each heart. Each person in here this morning is important. Each person in here is a part of your great plan. Father, we are fitted and joined together and we can't make it without one another. Father, bind us in your love this morning. I ask it in Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, uh we'll read our scripture first and then we will um we will uh go forward from there. And if we turn to the book of Revelations, the 20th chapter and the first verse, book of Revelations. And let me see if I have that right. If Do I have that right? Let me see. It has to It says 21. Okay. Re revelations 20 and1. It says, "And I saw an angel come down from heaven having the key of the bottomless pit and of a great chain in his hand." And then also I'd like to just turn over to Luke the 11th chapter and the 57th verse. The Gospel of Luke, the 52nd verse, it says, and uh where it says lawyers here, this doesn't necessarily the same type of lawyer that we have. My son's a lawyer, so I don't apply this scripture to him. It says, "Woe to you lawyers, for ye have taken away the key of knowledge. Ye enter not in yourselves, and them that were entering in, ye hindered." Our father, we ask you to bless your word to us in your precious name we pray. Amen. God bless. You may be seated this morning. It's always wonderful to be in the house of the Lord and and our our whole heart and theme that we've been just trying to express out as we are uh living a Christian life. And I think it should be a question that we all have. where do we go from here? You know, what what lays in store for me? And uh uh so and what what's the way to that path? And my heart was moved by this message called the key to the door. And we want to share some things from that this morning. And I thought of the other day I thought of a key and I I believe somebody lost their keys and we prayed that they found their key and and uh so if I had a title this morning I would say have I lost my key and has anybody ever lost your keys? Does anybody have trouble with keys like I have trouble with keys? like it's just it just seems like uh um a key a key has a a a lot of different meanings and to today we just want to fellowship around and and bring to our understanding that there's a key of faith and and have we lost the key to faith and and and so as we uh study this through I hope that in the simplicity that it's hidden that it will just open up to us. And I'd like to play this morning uh because uh uh a little portion 15 minutes of the back of this tape and it's a familiar story for many of you who have been in the message for a while. But uh faith always has a challenge. And uh and I want you to see this great uh understanding of how that it it takes just perseverance and it takes the ability to stay with it and hold on and to believe in and and and trust in what God's given you. So, I think you'll enjoy this little story. Uh, you you may know it well if you've never heard it before. I trust that it's a blessing to you, but it's it's it starts on paragraph 70 in the message, the key to the door. It's just about 14 minutes long. So, just listen and and then we'll pick up this message from the beginning, you know. And so um remember one thing, if God be for us, who can be against us? Amen. If God be for us, who can be against us? Just listen to this testimony uh as we uh listen to this for just a few minutes. God bless you. One time here a few years ago, there's a missionary brethren and he felt he had a call to Africa. He was a young fella, a wife and two children, very pretty young girls, about seven, eight years old a piece. And this young fella couldn't get away from it. He was a a minister. He had a nice church and the country, but he just couldn't get away from that call. he must go to Africa and he prayed day and night he didn't want to go and God kept speaking to him you must go and finally come to a place till he a showdown where he he must go so he went to the mission board of his church and he said God has called me to mission fields way back in the jungles of of Rhodesia and in this jungle It's infested with malaria and with uh fever and with that hot sun and plagery and leprosy and all kinds of diseases back in this jungle the where he was going to make take the rest of his life sold his home and all he had. So the mission board wanted to test him and they said are you sure now he said I am positive. They said to him, "Sir, have you thought it on this matter that you've got two pretty little girls and you got a a lovely young wife and if you're just Why don't you just go over and see how it is and then come back?" He said, "No, the Lord told me." Oh, it's so real. He said, "The Lord called me and I I don't want to leave my home. I don't want to leave my church and my people, but the Lord called me back there in that jungle." And he said, "Sir, did you know your little girls could take yala fever or black water fever and die overnight?" And he referred to different people that had lost their children, the little fellas to take them back in their own diseases that they had no inoculation part and said, "Think of leprosy of your pretty wife and your two little girls with leprosy and that hot sun and things you got to put up with said, "Aren't you afraid and the danger of taking your children and wife in such a place?" And the missionaries stood there, the young fellow, and the tears began to run down his cheeks. He turned around and said, "My brethren, my vision of God's call." He said, "If God has called me to Africa, my children and families more safer in Africa than any place in the world." Hallelujah. Amen. What was it? He had the key to his call. Amen. He had faith in what he was talking about. Amen. Oh, I thought what a gallant remark. Hallelujah. When I first heard that, my heart bounced. See, if God has called me to Africa, my children in the leprosy and flaggery and everything else are safer there than any other place on the face of the earth. He had the key. That's what it takes. When you got the key, there's no fear. There's no doubt. There's no question. You don't have to ask anybody else about it. You know exactly. You've got it in your hands. You know what to do. Amen. Hallelujah. You know what the score is. You know the door is going to unlock. You check the levers and you know it's strictly the right thing. The door is going to fly open. You throw the key in it. Oh, if the church only possessed the keys. Amen. If the church only possessed that key of faith, we could unlock any door, any sickness, any plague, any case that there is. It could be unlocked to us. If we could only possess this key, this man had the key to his calling. If you'll pardon the personal uh testimony, I remember about 15 17 years ago now about when the Lord said to me down there on the river when he came down in that pillar of fire whose picture you see and he spoke to me and he said, "You're to take this message around the world." Amen. I remember at Greens Mill when he spoke to me and I went and told the pastor and he told me, he said, "Billy, what did you eat that night? You had a nightmare." He said, "Go on back to your job. You're working at the public service company. Got a good job. Go on back and take care of your your business, son." Said, "You had a nightmare. You eat something." That didn't faze me one bit. Amen. When I started out for the healing services, many of you here remember my message that morning as David went to meet Goliath I preached on and they told me he said in the day of modern science when we have got all kinds of medical research when we've got the best doctors when the church has long forgot divine healing and stuff from many many years ago. How are you going before a great giant like that? How are you going to walk out in the face of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, and so forth and even the Pentecostals who has forgotten a long time ago and went into their creeks? How are you going to face with no denomination or nothing else to back you up? What are you going to do, Bill? Somehow another phase me one bit for I help in my hand a king. [Music] I said, they said, "Nobody will believe you. You won't be able to do it. Nobody will believe you." I said, "I don't care." There's one thing sure. God called me and I must go because God called me. Hallelujah. I held the key. He had called me. He had showed me. He had told me. And I saw his presence when he commissioned me. And the key was there. Amen. The pastor said with his seventh grade education and you're going to preach and pray before kings and monarchs. I said that's according to his word. Amen. about this time last year or a week or two before when I'd come to the church here and told you that the Lord God had given me a vision of go taking a hunting trip and a certain animal I was going to find that is going to have 42in horns on it and on the road back from getting this animal where it would be laying in the position it would be in on the road back I was going to kill a silver tip grizzly bear there and I went to this certain section and I spoke to the man and he said, "I don't know of any animal that looks like that." And as far as a grizzly bear, I've never seen one. I said, "But somewhere it's got to be here." So he said, "We're not even going into bare country. We're going up for sheep way up above Timberline. Well, I went with him in the second day out in the very spot at exactly where the Lord said, "There laid the animal." So, when I went and got the animal and while we were uh taking the skin and the horns and so forth off, he said, "I want to ask you something. You told me three days ago when we left the the camp that after you had shot this certain beast that on the road back you was going to kill a silver tip grizzly bear. I said that's thus saith the Lord. Hallelujah. Said I'm not doubting. He said, "Because my brother was an epileptic and you never seen him in your life when he was up here one time and you told me that boy was going to be healed when I done a certain thing and he was." He said, "Now, but Brother Brandham, I want to ask you." He said, "I can see all the way down that mountain to where the timber line is. Them horses are standing and there's nothing there. There isn't a speck of grass. There isn't a rock. There isn't nothing. Caribou moss which is about two inches high on above timber lines for a mile or more above the timber line. Said, "Where is the bear going to be?" I said, "God is Jehovah Gyra." If he's told me there will be a bear there, there'll be one there. down the mountain about every time we get a half a mile or so closer. He said, "Brother Brandon, about time for that bear to appear." I said, "Don't worry, he'll be here." And when we were almost within about 500 yards of where the horses was, we had to rest again with the heavy horns and things on our back. And he looked around again, and I seen his face as he looked at me as if down in his heart he was wondering. See, he had hope it would be there, but he didn't have the key. But somehow, by the grace of God, he's never failed me. When he told me there' be a silver tip there, I had the key. I didn't doubt it one bit. Not a bit. I turned to him and I said, "But it'll be there. And just as I turned, there was a bear standing right above us about a half a mile. He threw the glasses on. He said, "Billy, so help me." It's a big silver tip. See the key, a vision, the word of the Lord. Amen. There's nothing can change it or stop it. What the church needs tonight is not an education. What the church needs tonight is not a denomination. What the church needs tonight is not a creed. What the church needs tonight is a key to the scriptures, the door which Christ is the door and he is the word. Amen. Faith in the word of the living God unlocks every door. Yes. Amen. God give us the key. Give us a key. Hebrews the 12th chapter says, "Seeing that we're compassed about such a great cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the unbelief that does so easily beset us." It says sin, which sin is unbelief. Only one sin, that's unbelief. And sin means to miss some mark. like you're shooting. You missed some art. Better adjust your gun. See, because there's something wrong. You missed some art. See, come back and try over. Sin means to turn around. You've missed the mark. Yeah. When you want to be a Christian and you go join the church, you miss the mark. When you want to be a Christian and you've been sprinkled in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost, you miss the mark. But come back. You'll not be on the target. You'll scatter as sure as the world. Only one thing can hold you in a perfect line. That's the scripture. The Bible, the word. For both heavens and earth will pass away. But God's word will never pass away. So hold the key. Faith in the word. and every bit of faith that you believe and don't doubt one spec you're going to unlock every door that stands between you and the blessing that God has for you. May God help us to have the keys is my prayer. Let us bow our heads now for a word of prayer. He makes this statement. What the church needs tonight is the key to the scriptures, the door, which Christ is the door. He is the word. Faith in the word of the living God unlocks every door. And so uh and he makes this a great uh prayer and so that we realize that there's got to be a key. You understand that, right? And and so when you begin to think about a key and and you we have a keys to a lot of different things in our our life, you know, we have keys to our cars, keys to our house, keys to a lot of different things. And and so we understand that if there's a key to those things, he says there's also a key to faith. There's there's something that unlocks it for you. And that's what we want to make sure that we haven't lost that key. And he said, if you're not hitting the mark, you understand if you're missing the mark, then you go back and you stop and you readjust and you you look at the situation again and you ask yourself, do have I lost my key? And there's if if I'm if I'm stuck and and and uh you you you begin to wonder, you know, do I have the the the key? What's the key to this? What's the key to the solution? What's the answer? And so we we understand that a a a key has a purpose. And I think if if we begin to understand that that if there is a key, then that key has to have a purpose. It's got it's got a reason that it's a key. And it's that that key is designed to unlock something to open it up. So the the key has a value to it and and it it's got a purpose. It's got a reason uh of of for the key. the reason that this key exists. So if you see a key somewhere, you can honestly look and say, "Oh, that key exists because there's a purpose for that key to unlock something." You know, you just don't make a key. A key is designed to fit. It's designed to fit into something. It's designed to fit and unlock something. And and if we're talking about the key of faith, it's designed to fit into something. It's got to have something that it fits to to unlock. You know, it's not like me and Davey the other day, we're up at the lake and we we got unhook the boat. So, we take the key and we stick the key and the key don't work. So, we don't just find the right key. We just unhook the whole bumper and off we go, you know, and and so you if you if there's a key, that key has been created or made if you want to use that word uh to have a purpose to unlock something. And you know, so a key has got a a purpose. And you know, there's a key to our life, you know, and and and and uh and you know, people don't even search for the key to their life, you know, they don't ask themselves, you know, life, uh uh what are we called for? You know, what's my calling? You know, I I'm I'm here. What am I here for? you know, I'm just going to struggle and I'm just going to go to work and pay my taxes and and die and then they're going to crate me off uh and stick me in a hole in the ground and and uh and and that's all the more uh uh you think of your life and the person that gave you that your life the God gave you your life because there's somebody in your life he wants to unlock. There's a key to unlock your life. There's a key for your existence, a key for your your purpose, you know, uh you know, a key for for uh what you're called for. I like that story of that man. He felt a calling in his life. he felt a reason for living, you know, and I'm not sure if that was Livingston maybe that made that great remark, but he, you know, he went down into and I know all their people from Zimbabwe said Zimbabwe, you know, Rhdesia, Zimbabwe, but uh so he went down in that river down there Nag uh at Vic Falls and all up through that country and they're preaching the gospel. But you see, he he he knew his calling was from God. And what the key to that calling was is he he finally understood what his existence was, what his reason for being was. And when he when he got that reason for being what that he was that he was uh his purpose in life and his calling in life and the reason that that he was here on earth that that he had a commission in his heart and the reason he the minute he found that he had a key to his whole life and that's why he could stand before him and said wait a minute it doesn't matter if this is what I'm called for I'm safer in my calling than I were in any other place in life. And I think that Christians have got to the place where they fear that being a Christian isn't going to be able to take them all the way through. That there has to be some compromise. You know, it's not good enough to substain us. We can't hold on to our principles. We can't hold on to our way of life. We can't hold on to the very key to our existence. We feel, oh, if we don't look like everybody else and we don't act like everybody else when we don't joke with the boys, you know, we'll lose our job. So what? God will give me another one. He said he said that the righteous shall not beg bread. But we lose those keys and and you know that that you know there there's something that should unlock to us what we should be doing. If if we don't if we don't know there's a key then we don't and we don't realize that you do it if you just lose the key. Sometimes people just abandon things because they don't have the key. They'll throw locks away. They'll throw things away because they don't have the key. And I wonder sometimes if we if we don't careful that we throw our life away. We let time How many knows time's moving fast? It just moves. You know what I mean? before you know it, you know, you're you're you know, you're looking there and you're thinking, "Wow, you know, how many how much more time do I have?" You know, to me now that time's more important than money. I got to spend all my money before I have to give it to my kids. And I don't got very much time to do that. I want to say that light-heartedly be because I think that that a lot of young people, a lot of us, we're young church. I don't think there's 10% of us that are over 50. So, we ought to, you know, we ought to consider, does my life have a reason? Does my life have a purpose? what can unlock my life? And so you begin to find it, you know, so you know, something's got to unlock our lives to us, you know. I I I love it when when somebody uh realizes maybe a mother or a housewife, they they just finally look me in the eye say, "You know, I I I just realized that I I was called to be a mother and a housewife. You know, they're not interested in a career anymore. I'm not against people that have careers. That's not what I'm saying. I'm talking about the peace that comes when you understand I I've got there's something in me that's calling me to this. And don't let that slip away. Get find out what unlocks your life to you. You know, people just go from place to place and and they think that they can just pack their belief with them. You know what I mean? like it it doesn't have any purpose or any rhyme or reason. You know, I believe I I just believe my doctrine. I have my belief. You know, it's like a thing of Kleenex. You know, I believe this and and I believe the message. So, off I go. You know, I can do whatever I want as long as I believe. I can go. I I you know, it's like it's like a suitcase. You just pack it. You know what I mean? So, you know, it's like uh uh some churches, you know, you used to have to go to the church. Well, you'd show up and they'd announce it at the over the pulpit, you know, uh brother George and and and uh brother Peggy Smith come to us today by le uh by way of letter. And so they get the letter from their church a good Baptist letter and then they bring that to the church and the church accepts their letter and everybody sex comes in. They come in by way of letter. They just pack it. You know sometimes we just pack this message around like we can go anywhere do anything we want. Uh just do whatever we feel that we we can do and and we just do it because uh uh we have we we we we have a belief. You know, a lot of people come to church on Sunday. They they come to church to fulfill their obligation to the message. They're not a part of this church. Uh they're really not a part of the ministry. They're here because they packed their belief in the message and and the says they got to go. So, they'll show up here, you know, and and that's fine. I'm I'm happy for you. Glad to have you. I love your fellowship. I hope you're a Christian and I hope you pray and and pay your way. That that that's what a Christian does. You You know what I mean? But there's something that there's a there's a they have no key. They they can't even unlock the the message in their life. It just becomes a belief. Well, I I I believe the message, but I believe there's things in this message that need to be unlocked. Just like there was this Bible that needed to be unlocked and God had to have a mighty angel come down and put his foot on the sea and take the book and open it up so that we could find out that we were we are not just the same church that was in every other age. We're not even in the church ages. We're a member of another age, a bride age. You know, we've got something to birth, something to bring forth, but but these things don't are are haven't even entered into the hearts and minds of men the things that God's prepared for them that love them. And so, what I'm saying is is we we don't have we lost the key and and and we need to find the key. We need to find a key to our life, key to our calling, a key to our existence. I mean, if you think that you're you're the purpose of your life is is just to get an education and get a job. I'd rather be a bum. Why go through all that stress? You know, if there's not more to you than that, I believe there's more to each of us than we really can fathom. I think there's there there's more character in us. I believe there's more power in us. I believe there's more vision in us. I believe there's more reality in us. There's more compassion in us, more feeling in us, more joy, more peace, all those things. I believe there's there are things more in them. But we've got to we've got to unlock it. And you say, "Well, I'm awful old." I don't care how old you are. I want to unlock things. And you know it it it's like a key a key is uh it it's no good by itself. you understand that I always think of all these things uh uh you know uh I I watched the other night a few little things about my lower back you know stretching exercises you can do you know I'm doing all these things you know and but the exercises don't do any good by themselves the the theorist says the key to strengthening your back. Well, the there's the key. You know, the little chart they give you with all the little things, but I got that key has got to go into a hand. It it's got to be yielded. You understand? So, the the key the key it it it can't it it doesn't work by itself. You understand? It's got to have a hand that yields it. So you could have a lock and and and you could have a key and a lock and and nothing's going to happen till somebody takes the key. They yield the key. The key has got to have a hand that puts it in and unlocks it. So you you've you've got to h it's got to have a hand behind it. You know, it's it's like the it's like this microphone. I I I want to read this cuz I thought it was brilliant. He said, "It's like this microphone that I'm speaking through. That microphone is mute." So I could say, "Mike, make this microphone talk. Dylan, did you forget to put in the cable? Have you got too big? You can't crawl under the stage anymore?" No. The microphone can't work by itself. It's mute until somebody activates it. So you understand that this key that we're looking for has to be activated. It doesn't do you no good to know it's a key. It doesn't do me no good to know it's a microphone. I I've got to realize that the key has been given. This microphone has been given to me so that I can activate its microphone and get my voice from here to there. So, it's got to have somebody that yields it. He says, he says the microphone that I'm speaking to, that microphone is mute unless there's something to speak through it. It cannot speak through itself. Now, we're talking about keys because people think that faith will just work by itself. No, you get it. It cannot be. It's got to have something to speak through it. So, it's not the the microphone. It's the voice, the noise behind that microphone transmitting it, the airwaves to your ear. That's the same way it is preaching the gospel. It's not we ourselves as ministers. We are not the gospel. But we are only transmitters that transmits the voice of God through our agency of men to the hearer. Oh. That's quite a commission. He says, "Visions is the same way. I know nothing to say to the church at this time concerning a vision. But if the Holy Spirit would show first me a vision, then I transmit that vision to the one that it's dedicated to." So it was not me not mine me the vision was not me it was God give the vision and I act as a transmitter to bring forth the message of the vision to the people and the key is the same way the key is only to be held in the hand that unlocks the door. See, it's got to be in a hand. Now, and in the key I'm going to speak of tonight is only one hand that can hold this key, and that's the hand of faith. It's the only thing can hold this key. And the hands hold other keys, but it takes the hand of faith for that. So there's lots of keys to That's good. You can take that down. Yeah, there's because everybody starts looking at the board and then they forget that I'm trying to transmit. So you cut that sense off because when you read, you're protected. Like a lot of people like to read the books because they don't want to hear it because when you hear the voice behind what's on them books, it brings conviction. But you can read it any way you want to, you know. I like I love people who just self- interpret the law, you know. They self interpret this, you know, do not enter. Well, that that's everybody else but me, you know, and it's just, you know, they just But when you hear it, do not enter. That means don't enter. Don't talk in the forer. That means you I'm the only one that can talk in the forer. No, keep it holy. Go to the fellowship hall. So there's there you have. So there's there's lots of keys you can. So there there there's a key to knowledge. Now you can teach somebody, you understand? You can tell them you can do it. But until they get that key, the key that makes them understand, the key that makes them uh uh comprehend it, then they get the key to learning and then they can learn. You know, we're losing the key to learn anymore because we just talked to this lady in this box and everybody's factchecking everybody. Nobody knows nothing. You know what I mean? I I just don't know how dumb the world would be. He used to remember things. He used to ha have to go places. You I know people that that will leave this church and they'll navigate home. What happened? They lost the key to their confidence. Let me tell you that a lot of this AI, a lot of this stuff on your phone, a a lot of all this stuff that's put out, all it's doing is tearing you down, tearing your confidence down, tearing down the fact that you have the ability to learn, that you have the ability to do something. I am not going to transform myself over and put myself in the form of some artificial intelligence. And people are doing that today. They're putting themselves in the hands of an artificial gospel. A gospel with no power, no fruit, no works, no no purpose, no calling. They like to sing and they like to see one another and they like to hang out. And you know, they got rid of Sunday e school uh service in the evening so they can play basketball in the gym and they can watch the Cowboys on TV or their favorite sports team or everything. Why? It's all artificial. I want the key back to the original. This is the age of the restoration of the faith of our fathers. So there has to be a key to that faith. And the question is, have we lost that key? Or where do I find the key? When you lose your key, you get desperate, don't you? And you start praying. Well, everybody pray that I find my key. You ever lost your wallet? You got to go call your credit card companies. You got to call your bank. You got to do all this. I know. I lost my wallet one time. I'll search that place everywhere. I tore the house up. And I just thought, you know, I I just I don't want to get a whole another number again. I just don't want to do it. And I never could. I And you know, it was there all the time, you know. and I searched for it. But I had to go just that one more effort, that one more showdown, that one more not giving up. And I have a little caddy at home. They It's a little thing that opens up and you put your coat over the top of it and you fold your pants over the bottom of it. And I'd fold my pants over and that wallet fell out and hung over the bottom rail. And finally after everything was done, I put everything threw everything everywhere, got the whole house tore up, you know, and Lesie was following right behind me putting things back together like any good wife does. And I found that wallet cuz that wallet was valuable to me because it opened up my bank account. It opened up my credit cards. It opened up this. had opened up that right look if if it was of no value I wouldn't have looked for it and I think that it's happening to the church is the value of original Christianity is not important to us anymore really being what we're supposed to be we just think that we're going to get there and all we're going to do is walk up there living any way we want and say hey Peter my name's on the book. You know what I mean? Say, "I can't find it." Yeah, it's there. Preacher told me my name was on the book of life. I didn't have to have no purpose in life. I didn't have to be a part of anything. I could do what everything want. I believe. Uh-uh. You lost the key, son. And so, you got to have a key. So, there's a there's a key, you know, a key to knowledge. He know it's just like he says they might teach him but he has to learn and the only way that it can be done he has to catch that key. You've got to catch that key. Catch the thing that opens it. And that's what I'm trying to get us back to this morning is catching the key that opens our faith. If you can stay with me, how many wants to know that you got the key in your hand that the key works? Prophet of God said the faith is the same faith. You take your car key and go out and you know that key is going to be at work or nowadays you press the button or whatever. So you know so you you have to catch that key and and you know so like mathematics you know uh there's a key to mathematics that you've got to have there there there's a key and there's a key to knowledge man after knowledge there's a key to science there's a key to uh researchers there there's that great key and people look for that He, you know, it's like the atom bomb or the atom. They they understood they they began to see what's holding things together and they be they were able to break it down break it down from one thing to the other to the other to the other just got, you know, uh uh and as they began to research, they finally found out that everything was held together by atoms. So they looked at that and they realized it's it's held together by atoms and then they said that so then that what they realized is they found out that the key to everything was molecules and then the molecules were made out of protons and neutrons and and they got all that. You might have have brother Joseph explain all that to you. But so they they realized but then they said if the atom could be turned around that would take what it's holding and break it apart. So now they found out that they could break everything apart by turning the atom around. So they found the key to that and and so once they found the key to it they turned it around you know like Thomas Edison you know he believed that that you that light could work he saw lightning flies he read about the lightning in the sky he began to understood that this electricity could be harnessed I want you to catch this part of it if you'd bear with me you know so uh he you know he he He had a knowledge of electricity and now he wanted to find the key what it was to get the light bulb to take this electricity and illuminate. And he said somewhere in the back of his mind something told him he could do it. What was it? It was the key that can open up the way. So part of that key for Thomas Edison is he knew that he could do it. He knew it could be done. Now I think the church is starting to lose its confidence in itself that they can do it. It's always Billy can do it and Billy passes it back to Orlando and Orlando packs it over to Big John and you know John passes it over to you know this person and it's always the other guy. That's how Nickelas and put the church in bondage. They finally passed it off onto men that claimed to be preachers. The Bible says they pointed their finger at them and said that those that are claimed to be apostles and were not. But you can't pass it off. Each one of you has a key that's specific to you. what God wants to unlock in you, your calling, your purpose, your virtues, your strengths, your character, and I'm telling you, it's got to be unlocked. Elsewhere, bumps on the church pew. Like I said, we might as well change the name of our church to we're right and everybody else is wrong tabernacle. without evidence. All of you know I can squat 1,000 pounds. I knew Chris squatted 800, but you know what I mean? I I can make that claim. Right. But one day there'll come a circumstance where you've got to prove it. And I like that young preacher. He proved his calling, you know. So Thomas Edison, he'd just sit there and he eat a sa a sandwich, right? He he wouldn't uh he wouldn't stop. He knew it could be done. That was the beginning of the key. He had the knowledge, but he knew it could be done. Let us move on. I like this this knowledge too. It the the little cartoon artist in in Kansas City. He would draw cartoons and the papers keep kept telling him that he couldn't uh he was no good. But he knew he could do this. He he was a cartoon artist. It's what he wanted to do. He felt his callings. He believed in animation. He believed in that that it could be done. And so, you know, they he kept he kept going and then you know the story. One day he's in his little shack he rented or whatever and he saw a mouse and he'd been told he couldn't do it. He'd been told of all the dangers. He'd been told he'd starve to death. He he was told to go find something else. go take pictures, go write newspaper articles, anything but this. But he believed he he believed who he was. In perfect faith, the prophet of God says, "Can't we believe who we are, who the word says we are? Can't we believe that we are the church that's going to be empowered, that the works that I do, that you should do also?" And then let's take it farther from the church. Can't you believe that you're the person that's been called to do these works that you've got a place to play. You've got a piece in the puzzle and God wants to unlock your life where you're confident. And I like what he what he said here. He said he said and there's this there's the story of Mickey Mouse was born. Now it's a multi-millionaire Walt Disney. Why? He had something in his hand and he knowed he held it. He knew it was in his heart. Don't you believe that it's in your heart to be a believer? You're you can't be waring back and forth whether you're a believer or not. You might not be a very good one. You know what I mean? But if you could find the key to make you better, he said, but he he knew he he said in his hand and he knew he held it and he knowed he could do it. And that's the way every great achievement is made when men and women have something in their hand and they know they can do it. I'm asking that because these are the keys that I think that we've lost. I know I can do this. I know I can lay my hands on the sick. I know I can kneel down in prayer and he'll hear me. I know that I can lay a pattern of good works in my life. I know if I sow, I'll reap. I know these things work. Let's but we don't believe they'll work for me. They work, but I'm not the possessor of it. And that when you lose that key that that key was given to you, he called you. He elected you. He chose you for this age to perform the part of this bride that you are. You got to make it personal. It's an individual affair. You got to know I can do this. I can overcome. I can climb that mountain. I can come out of this valley. I I I I can possess the gates of the enemy. I can overcome. I am an overcomer. It doesn't matter if you've done it yet, as long as you know you can. You know, it's like polio. You know, a man, he went to the hospital and he saw all these people on iron lungs. all these people in terrible condition and it tore him up. And he realized he said there's got to be something that can undo this. Don't you think when you got a demon bothering you or you got a habit or you're possessed with lust or you're possessed with alcohol or tobacco or you're possessed with anger, you're full of bitterness, there ought to be something somewhere that says there's something that can undo this. There's something that can undo this in my life. I don't care if I inherited it. I don't care what the doctors described it as. I I don't care what they say. They they they they they didn't have a cure. But they started giving stamps. They started collecting money and boots. They started doing everything because this evil thing was working its way across the country and people begin to stand up and say there's got to there's got to be something that that beats it. This is the way they feel about cancer. They're doing cancer research everywhere. They've got to say something's got to be able to undo this. Something's got to be able to stop this. And they're looking for the key. There's people that their their their mind doesn't connect to their limbs and and and and they're studying right now. There's got to be a way to get that signal from that man. Whether we put a chip and and put a receiver that you can send a thought from here to here and make your hand work. They look at it and this is in the natural. They look at a condition. They look at something. And they said, "There's got to be a key somewhere that can undo this." Hallelujah. And if we look at our lives and I see my weaknesses, I've got to ask myself, my heart, I believe there's something somewhere that can undo this. There's got to be a key. Yes, sir. And have we lost that key? That's our question. And if we've lost it, what do we have to do? We got to look for it. If you've got a complex and you're always feeling that you're down and nobody likes you and you feel yourself crawling into a hole. I I lived in that hole. You would have never seen me here. I don't want to put myself in a position where I'm criticized. I don't like putting myself in a position where I get my feelings hurt. I've had people that I've stood with. They've been my friends. I've taken them to work time after time again. I've spent every time and just for some reason someday they just cut me off just like I don't exist. You know, it's easily done. You just pick anyone and just pretend like you never have met. Just I think what did I do? And I walk around day after day. What did I do wrong? Where did I offend this pe person? I'm turning pages in my life. How do I make it right? And I become burdened. And I say to myself, I don't have to live like this. I don't just stay up all night praying. I don't have to yell at people. But I don't know. There's something in me. I want you to go to heaven. I want you to be empowered. I want you to overcome. Something brought me from that hole because we have a God that can do exceedingly abundantly above what we can ask or think. So you got to have that you got to have that that that key. So never tiring, never giving up. That key laid somewhere. There was something would inoculate them to it and they were determined to find it. It don't It don't matter. Don't look at the lock. Don't look at the door. Don't look at the vault. There's people that know I can get in that vault. I'll crack that thing. Oh, this is a multronic some I if if they put it together, it can be undone. If man put it together, it can be undone. If Satan put it on you, God can undo it. It came from someplace. It's got to go back to some place. It's just when are we going to stand up and say, "I'm not going to take this no more. I'm not going to be in this mental condition. I'm not going to live with this temper. I'm not going to live with this lust. I'm not going to live like this. Something brought this into my life. I don't care what it was, but there's a key somewhere to undo it. It can be taken off of me. I just got to find that key. And I've got to never tire till I find it. Some of you are real sweet people and you just got an old bitter, crabby, nagging, complaining side to you. Never happy. You know, buy a fox coat and you say, "I want a mint coat." Buy this car, you want a Mercedes. Get a Mercedes, you want a Ferrari. Get a Ferrari, you want a Lamborghini. get a Lamborghini, you want a jet plane. That's miserable. That's miserable not to be content in the state you're in. You know, you get rid of that nasty spirit, you might just get your jet plane. By that time, you don't want the dumb thing. You'd rather spend that money on your brothers and sisters. But so there there there you you you can't tire and looking for that key. It it it it's the the key is locked up to everything. So we find out that these great men that achieve something, every man and woman, even those that achieve the great works of faith, they found the key that unlocked that faith. Abraham found the key that unlocked his faith that he was willing to take his son's life. But remember, there's always going to be a challenge, you know, and and so we we find out that that they knew there was a key that laid somewhere. And there is such a thing as evil as polio, diptheria, smallpox, yellow fever, tetanus, lock jaw, and so forth. That science, these evils has been able to fight day and night till they found an inoculation for it because it's evil. It's a killer. How much more is there a key to salvation for man that's in the prison house of sin? There is a key to that door to liberate man from it. There's a key somewhere. Now, has the church lost that key? Do we know what that key is? Just bear with me for a few more minutes because if if you ever have a key, it's because it's locking up something that's worthwhile. You don't lock up junk. You set it on the curb and hope somebody comes hauls it off for you. But if it's valuable to you, you lock it up. It's valuable. So it's worthwhile. So if it's something's worthwhile and you need to get into it, you you find it. You find the key. So there's a lot of difference, remember, in knowing there's a key than you going and finding that key because your key is different than my key. the key to your heart. What's in your heart? God made a key for you. That's why every revelation is a personal revelation. We do not have a group revelation. We don't have a document that you sign. This is what we believe. Uh-uh. You get that key to your life. You know, no, there's no telling what God would have you do. You say, "Well, what happens if he wants me to wash floors?" I'd rather wash floors knowing that God wants me to wash floors and that it has an eternal purpose in his hand without knowing there's no big eyes, there's no little U's, that we're all a body fitted and joined together, and everybody's got to play their part. And I'm thankful that there's somebody there. But something that's worthwhile, I'm starting to close now. So we know in John chapter 10, if we just wanted to turn to that just to read it, he says, Jesus says this. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold, climbth up some other way, the same as a thief and a robber. But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. To him the porter openeth, and the sheep hear his voice, and he calleth his own by name, and leadth them out." And when he put forth his own sheep, he goes before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice, in a stranger they will not follow. For the for they know not the voice of a stranger. And Jesus said unto them again, verily, verily say unto him, I am the door of the sheep. A amen. it. And all that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. I am the door. By me. If any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall not go in and out, and shall go in and out, and find pastures. The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill and destroy. I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd giveth his life for a sheep. So there's a door. So there's a we have this key that we can open this door and he's that door. So there there there's a key to healing. right there. There there's there's a key to peace. There's a key to joy. So, there's a door to healing. There's a door to peace. There's a door to joy. There's a door to love. And Jesus is that door. And the key that opens that door is faith. But it lies behind the door because it's worthwhile. And when when you start trying to compare the things of the world, let me say this, that the things and the sufferings of this world are not worthy to be compared to the things that God has for them that love him. So, you know, and and so the the faith is what unlocks that door. And now that's the question this morning. And just to in closing to bring this little thought to you that you could we could grab a hold of it is that we've got to be able to open that door. We've got to have that key in our hand that opens our door. We've got to know that there's something behind that door that's worthwhile. And it's only locked to the unbeliever because the only person that can unlock that door is faith. Your deliverance is behind that door. If you believe that there's there that you've got a problem and that you don't want that problem, then just like all those great achievers did, they knew that there was something that could take this problem off of them. And that lied behind that door. That door where you could go in and out freely. You didn't have to pack that chain. You didn't have to pack that burden. You didn't have to pack that doubt. You didn't have to pack that fear. If you could open that door behind there was something worthwhile that would give you the deliverance, the joy, the peace. But you the key to that is you've got to believe it's possible. It can be done. If you're changed, when that guy done down, he had the key to those chains. We sing the song, Jesus breaks every chain. He breaks every feather. But when we we begin within ourselves, now I'm not talking about our group thing here this morning. What quote unquote we believe? I'm talking about what do I believe? Do I believe I can overcome? Do I believe he can deliver me? Do I believe I can get the victory? You said, I've had this for 30 years. They had diseases a lot longer than that till someone believed they could un undone and they went looking for the key. Have we quit looking? Have we lost it? It's not so bad that we've lost it. The sad part's when we quit looking for it. What happens if we they quit looking for the cure to polio or dtheria? You know, I just got a tetanus shot and a yellow fever shot and a some other shot and some other pill. Man, there ain't a disease in the world that can touch me now. But really, I had it all along. But I didn't want to have no questions. So we this is what we're asking ourselves this morning is that that the key is faith. Okay. And and and so when we ask the question, have I have I lost that key or what is that key? How does that key fit? Where does the key fit? Well, the key of faith only fits in the word. Okay. Now, so I want to say this and this is where I think the church and the prophet of God said in this message that the church lost. So they lost this part of the key and when when you lose this part of it, the key don't work. But there's a lot of difference in believing for something and believing in something. You know, a lot of times fans go to games and they hold up these big signs that say, "We believe. We believe." Well, what are they doing? That's that's the they're hoping. They're wishing. They're looking for a result. They're looking for an outcome. So, they're believing for an outcome. I'm believing for a job. I'm believing for for that. I'll I'll be well. I I'm believing this. I'm believing that. If And I know this is going to sound terrible, but that's not the key. You're wanting a result. You're hoping for a result. You're hanging on to a result. But that emotion, that feeling, that desire to have this come to pass doesn't open the door. It's not what opens the door. It's not what makes it come alive. It It's not what it's It's. not what turns the lever or turns the knob. When the prophet of God said, "I'm going to kill that grizzly." Why did he say that? It didn't matter the conditions, but his key wasn't the condition. The key wasn't, "I'm wanting to kill a grizzly or I'm hoping I kill a grizzly or I believe I'm gonna kill a grizzly." He had one thing. He said, "God said so, and I don't know how it's going to get there, and the showdown was there." And I wonder how many people withdraw the key because they're afraid it won't work. They'll take it into consideration. You mean my family might get sick? Well, we went to this place to get our things and the lady sat us down and she says, "Don't sit on the ground. There's worms over there and don't wear blue cuz the fly will bite you. And don't do this and don't do that and and everything." And I thought, "My goodness gracious, what are you trying to do? not get me to go. No, I didn't want to go. In fact, I wasn't going to go to Congo. The uh I was going to go preach this meeting. I told the brother I would two years ago. I wanted to keep my word. So, the invite came to me, come preach it. And then this poor brother got ill. Can I talked to brother Manet about? And he said, "Brother, if he's this sick and he's going to have these operations, there's no way he'll be back for the meeting." So I said, "Okay." I got invited to this meeting. I'll go to this meeting. So I get all my tickets, everything to go to this meeting. Phone rings. We can't have the meeting. Oh yeah, we can't get the venue, but come anyway. And then come back. I said, "Well, you know, it just, you know, I just don't, you know, Brother Hayes isn't flying my private jet, you know what I mean?" So, uh, I, you know, so I said, "Okay." Then the phone rings and the brother says, "No, I'm not going to go do my operation. I'm going to dedicate my church first." Well, I don't care what the obstacles are. That's where God wanted me to go. It's where he wanted me to go in the first place. Don't matter if you try to get out of it. You don't need to make excuses for God. God can get it done. Just make sure you're doing every bit of your part. If God you feel God called you, then you hang in there. That guy was called to the mission field. He didn't care what the obstacle was. He says, "I'm going. If you guys don't want to send me, I'll get there. because he believed in if God sends you, he'll take care of you. And so, so believing for something isn't the same as believing in something. Now, I want to lay this point in here if I could from even for myself. And in closing this morning, faith resting place is the word of God. The faith only fits in the word. So you don't you don't believe that. I'm not believing for my healing. I'm not believing for my deliverance. I'm not believing for this. But what our faith connects to is God said, "I am the Lord thy God that healthth all your diseases." Now, that's what you believe in. No matter how dark it get, your faith isn't the hope for the result. Your faith is the belief in what's being said. Brother Abraham's faith was in the fact that God said he'd kill that grizzly. He wasn't resting in the guide. He wasn't resting in the condition. He wasn't resting in anything else. His faith wasn't in, oh, I hope I get this Grizzly. I I believe I'm going to get this Grizzly. It wasn't in that. Faith only fits in the key of God's word, the door. You know what people do nowadays? They change the lock. I'll just change it and fit it into something else. I'll create a circumstance. I'll create a scenario. if this happens and that happens and this happens and they find everything else to build their faith up. But the key, it's understanding the key, the key is what he said. I believe what he said. Now, this is the part I hope we don't miss. Alls I know is this unlocks. But there's something else about a key. The same key that unlocks locks. I want my healing. So I believe by his stripes I am healed. I'm not looking at nothing else. I'm just looking at that promise. I believe that how I don't know. Did he say it? Do I believe it? If I have that faith to believe that word, that key unlocks the faith and all the power that's behind that door. What I when we come to understand this that the key that opens that door is the same key that locks up my sickness. I don't have to lock it up. The one key that fits into that word opens that door. And behind that door, it's the door to my healing. And faith in that promise opens the promise to you. And all the power that's contained in that promise. So the promise has the key. All you have to do is have the key that unlocks that door because that same key will lock up the sickness. And we've lost that. We've lost the fact that where our faith lies is it lies in the word of God. Now Jesus is the door to all those things and faith is the key that unlocks the door. Now if Jesus is the door to all these promises of God, faith in his finished work unlocks every door to every treasure that's inside the kingdom of God. Faith is the key that unlocks every promise he makes. The key of faith does that faith in his finished work. It's the key that we're preaching on. Just think of that. The the door to peace, the door to everything. Hebrews 13 11th chapter, we all those great prison houses that man comes out of. Therefore, I believe in God's full gospel. Every word of God that turns the power of God loose, that turns his blessings to the people, it's the key to the door that unlocks. Just think of it. That's the key to the door that unlocks. These great heroes of faith, these great men of the Bible, they had that key. That's the reason they could stop the mouth of lions, quench the violence of fire, escape the edge of the sword, bring the dead back to life again, do all kinds of miracles because they held that key that they knowed it worked because it was a scriptural [Music] key. The promise gives you the key. If you believe the promise, your faith opens that door to you. It It's not believing in the result. It's not having a plan for the result. It's not whating you want to happen. You may never be sick a day in your life and you can still say, "By his stripes, I am healed." Amen. You may not have to be a deliverer or have any trouble, but you still seize that word and you say, "He's the God that deliverth me from all my troubles. I don't even have to see the trouble. I just believe I've got the key that unlocks that power. He covers me. He watches over me. I have the key. I believe and and so just say this, you know, a key that lock unlocks too. You can loose or bind. That's right. The same key locks unlocks. that the key that locks can lock up. That's exactly see because it works both ways. It works both ways. How pitiful it is that the church have ever lost its vision of that. What a sad thing it is when the church sold itself out to creeds as they've done today when we're called to unity. See, we're so interested in unlocking. We're so interested in getting this tied down and getting this sickness tied down and getting this deliverance and getting out of our trouble and getting out of our finance and getting out of this and we're trying to believe for this and we're trying to believe for that and we lo That's not the key. You can believe for it all you want. That's not what opens the door. But when you go there and you take that key and you say, "I believe he said that the righteous shall not beg. Lord, I confess all my sins. I don't I'm not I don't have to change what I'm doing. All I've got to do is put all my faith in that key that I will not have to bake bread." And when that key unlocks that door, your faith unlocks that door. He comes back and unlocks up everything that hinders you. You don't have to know both sides of it. You've got to know one thing. The church has got to get their eyes back. And I know it sounds so simple and so petty. That's why I want you to take it personally. Look at yourself. Are you holding yourself down? Are you defeating yourself? Are you imprisoning yourself? Are you saying woes for me that I'm in this prison? Woes for me. Peter and them got in the prison. What did they do? They went to praising God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, that I could bear these stripes. I believe when what I believe I believe it. I preached it to him. I'm willing to die for it. I believe it with all my heart. And all of a sudden, those doors come open because their faith set them free. And when we get back to get rid of the wishing, I wish I didn't do this. I wish I didn't do that. I wish I didn't get mad. I wish I didn't do this. Or you say, I believe I'm not going to get mad no more. I I'm I'm I'm I made up my mind. I'm going to wake up tomorrow with smiles on my face. I'm just going to love everybody. You know, I feel that way till I meet the first person. And I think, man, this world's a miserable place to live. But if I think I've got something, I possess something. You say David, faith is a gift of God. But I've lost the key. So I'm not opening the doors. I'm not opening the benefits that are there for me. I'm not opening the peace that's there for me, the joy that's there for me. Oh, I want to be happy. I'm believing to be happy. Don't stop. You've got the key. You got the promise. It's by these exceedingly great and precious promises that we're partakers of the word of God. If he gives you the promise, he doesn't give you the promise without giving you the key. But we've lost the key. We don't believe in it. And we don't not that we don't believe in it, but we we don't think it's us or we we we're believing for something instead of in something. We're not believing what he said. Did he say my sins are forgiven? My sins are forgiven. You say, "Brother McGary, you're a sinner. I don't care." He said, "And there may be a lot of stuff wrong with me, but if I believe that that key that believes in my salvation will bring my body into into conformance and into the image of him. It will perform its work. It'll un it'll lock up everything about me that's not him if I believe. But if I let my unbelief, I let all the things in my life that are not locked up keep me from inserting the key, they will never be taken care of. But if I can believe that word and believe that promise and insert that key and say that promise is mine, the very thing that unlocks my victory locks everything else up. And he said, "It's amazing that we're trying to lock up instead of unlock. Lord, let my faith unlock to me today. What's the purpose of my life? What's the reason? What is my heart's desire? You promise you give me my heart's desire. What is it about me, Lord, that's not right? Lord, you said that you'd give me peace. You said that my light could so shine that my good works would glorify you. Do you believe that's you? Do you believe you can have good works that glorify the father? Do you see yourself as an overcomer? All those men have one key to their faith is they believe it could be done. In the rascal I am, I believe that God can mold me into the image of his son because he said Calvary had the power to do it and I believe it with all my heart. Have faith. Look for the key. Find your key. Find your faith in the word of God. Find what it is in you that will open the kingdom to you. Don't stop. Look for it till you find it because it exists and you can have it and you can be everything that you want to be. God bless you this morning if the musicians would come. Brother Billy Let's all stand this morning. Let's sing. You hold my every moment, man. I believe is you this morning. Amen. That we may have that key of faith and that we can insert it and be able to receive what he has for us. Amen. Oh, and you hold my every moment. You come my raging seas. Oh, and you walk with me through fire and he almighty is here. Oh, when I trust in you, oh Lord, I trust in you. Oh, I believe you're my Oh, I believe you are all I need. I believe, Lord. I believe. I believe. All I want you to I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Oh, you hold my M. You come mying sea. [Music] Oh, and you walk with me through fire and king mighty. [Music] Oh, I trust in you. Oh, I trust in you. I trust in you. I believe mighty. You are you are all I need. I believe. Oh, I believe I believe you're my [Music] enough for me. [Music] Jesus, you're all I need. You don't have to worry and don't be afraid. Oh, and joy comes in the morning. Oh, and trles they come last. Oh, for there's a friend in Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is broken with just your hand and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it." Oh, and I know that I can stay. Oh, I know matter what may come my way. Oh, and my life is in your hand. Oh, and with Jesus I can take him. Oh, I know I can stand. Oh, I know what will come my way. Oh, and my life is just this morning. [Music] away your test and trial. Hallelujah. For they sing to you. Oh, and all your friends in love. Oh, and I to be found. Oh, let him [Music] wipe your body. Oh, your heart is broken. Oh, just lift your hands and say, "I know that you know that I can stand [Music] up my way. Oh my Jesus I can take him with me. I know I will stand my way. Oh my go [Music] [Music] my way. Oh my [Music] go Jesus I can take him. Oh with him I know I can stand. Oh, no matter what they come my way, my life is in your Hallelujah. No matter what the need is this morning. Amen. He's made his word available. Amen. If you need prayer, you can come and you'll be prayed for. And it certainly I believe that the word is spoken to your heart and and you know that he's a present help in times of need. Amen. And and it's by his word that we stand and whatever the need is, he promising his word when we come calling and that he will come and answer to the needs of our heart. Amen. It's good to see brother Paul this morning. If you could just come and close our service this morning. Amen. [Music] Let's pray. Heavenly Father Jesus Christ, we thank you this morning And we believe that you talk to our hearts this morning. If somehow sometime we feel like we lost the key of the faith this morning. Our heart is so comfort to know that you know everything about us and you can you can give us your faith this morning. the key. We need to access to everything, to access to every promise, and to know that all things are possible for us. Thank you, Jesus, for the revelation of your word this morning. May you bless your servant, our apostas, give him more revelation of your words, more faith, everything we need to be close to you. [Music] And now may you lead each one of us while we going back home and bring us tonight back to your home for the communion service while we ask you all of this thing in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't forget we have communion tonight and Amen. If you could be back for that. Amen. God bless you, man. Let's sing that song. Faith is the victory. I'm not I don't forget what key we sing it in. Amen. Amen. Encamped along the hills of life. Yeah. Christian soldier rise and press the battles. The night shall fail the glowing sky. Oh, against the fing below. Let all our strength behold. Faith is the victory. We know that overcomes over. Oh, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes. Will his battle over us is our soul. The word of God. Great threat to the saints above. We shout our triumphs wrong. We land by faith like the world would perhaps sweep over every fear. Oh, the faith by which the coner death is still a shining sh. Oh, faith is the victory. Great is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes you. When on every hand the force be drawn up, betray away. Let t of these beloved below and on the mouth of frame with it salvation and helmet and on his head great truth the good abound. He helps shall tremble on thread and n will faith is the victory. Praise is the victory. All glorious victory that overcomes you. No entering that overcomes the fall. My name shall be given before the angel shall know his name confess in heaven. And onward from the heels of life. our hearts with love of flame. will vanquish all the hosts of God in Jesus calling. Well, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What do you think?
