################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - [2025-07-02wed] Wednesday Evening Service  Br. Andrew Bohannon - Andrew Bohannon.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   [2025-07-02wed] Wednesday Evening Service | Br. Andrew Bohannon
Speaker: Andrew Bohannon
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UESbcyonm5s
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] It's [Music] And let's all stand and sing not tonight. The love of God is greater than time [Music] can ever tell. [Music] He goes beyond [Music] the highest star and reaches to the Lord. The guilty man. Oh God gave his son to his child. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Applause] God of God. I'm reaching you. I strong [Music] forever glory. Oh, and the saints are name. [Music] Oh, and when glory time shall pass away, and earthly thrones and kingdoms fall when you hear, refuse to pray on rocks and peace and mountains Oh. Oh. God's words so sure [Music] always [Music] for praise to Adam and all the saints are [Music] ang [Music] [Music] [Music] for the glory Beautiful. Oh, and the saints are name just oh anchored within the ocean feel. Oh, and worthless. Hallelujah. Just think about that tonight. Oh, where every song. Oh, and on earth, oh let in every man. Oh my dream. Oh [Music] my god. Oh sh [Music] to sky. Oh God, I reaching you. Oh [Music] sh [Laughter] [Music] in his time. Oh, he is. [Music] Oh, and he makes all things all beautiful. [Music] [Music] Oh, and Lord, please show me everything. Hallelujah. as you're teaching me. [Music] Oh, and I will you just say in your time. Oh, in your time. In your hallelujah. Oh go [Music] [Music] to I have to be to you. Oh, in your Oh, in your time. In your town. Oh, in your time. Oh, and you make all things beautiful [Applause] in your time. [Music] Oh, and all my life to you I bring. Oh, may each song I have to sing. Oh, and to you my in your [Music] hallelujah. Isn't he a beautiful God? Amen. He certainly does all things in his time. In the promised time, he will come and make it real. Amen. Amen. Brother Tommy, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Just uh little word. Uh John Kolinga from Louisiana sends his love to the church. I just wanted to share that with you. Let's just go to the Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we know that you're here, Lord, this evening, Lord. We know you're with us everywhere we go, Lord. And when we gather together, Lord, in your name, Lord, we know that you're present, Lord. Lord, as we prepare to our hearts to enter into your word, Lord, may your spirit just give us a refilling, Lord, before we leave here, Lord. May we just be so filled with your spirit, Lord, that Lord, we can just feel your presence, Lord, and know that you're always with us, Lord. And Lord, there's nothing like being gathered together with a bunch of believers, Lord, in your house, Lord. It's always such a pleasure. And it's where each one of us always want to be, Lord. Lord, we're always look forward to the time where we're gathered together, Lord, with other believers, Lord. Lord, may you bless the service and prepare the heart for the minister, Lord. may he just come forth and be able to put himself aside and allow you to speak. Lord, we look forward to what you have for us, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God, all our visitors. Amen. You may turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. God bless you. Come have your seats. Oh, once like a bird in prison I dwell. Oh, no. Freom from my sorrow I bear. Oh, then Jesus came to me. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Set me free. [Music] My Jesus receive all glory to God. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my Jesus. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. this morning. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] In the name of Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] In the name of Jesus name. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] Jesus, we have the victory. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad we have the victory? Amen. In the name of Jesus. Amen. Man, I just want to read this praise report about about Sister Numa. We're certainly thankful that the Lord was able to just keep her. Amen. Amen. and then the situation there. We certainly got happy that uh the Lord has just been able to intervene and and that she's doing well. Amen. We certainly want to keep those. So, we went to camp in prayer that with the travel back that the Lord will protect them on the way and those that are traveling and others. Amen. Just an announcement um this this Saturday morning. If you have time, we need some brothers to just come and help move the lumber. if you could just uh uh text brother David if you'll be able to make it. We certainly just need a a few brothers uh around uh six or 10 and that would be helpful to just come and move some lumbers around the church. Amen. If you haven't upon your church, just lift your heart just lift your hand up to him. Amen. Is the same God. Amen. You know the good thing about our God is he never changes. Amen. It's not he's not good when you are good and bad bad when you are bad. No, he's the same every time. It don't matter what you have need of. We can come and and just cry out, "Aba, Father," and you certainly hear our prayers. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come, Brother Joseph in the back, if you could just come and take this names before the church. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Let's pray. Dear Lord, it's such a privilege for us to be here. We just come expecting something for you and we know that you are here. And we're going to be blessed. Bless this service. Bless the title and the offering. Oh you Lord please come and give the answer to all the prayer all the requests we have. We are here for you and we know that you are God. Without you there are nobody. Let let us be blessed. In the name of Jesus we pray. Amen. You hold my every moment, Lord. And you call my raing seas. Oh, and you walk with me through fire and he almighty. [Music] Oh, when I trust in you, oh Lord, I trust in you. Oh, I believe you're my healer. I believe. Oh, you are all I need. I believe, Lord. I believe. I believe you're my portion. [Music] I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Oh, and you hold my a hallelujah. Oh, when you calm my raing se, you walk with me through fire. Open and mighty. [Music] Oh, and I trust in you. Oh Lord, I trust in you. [Music] I believe, Lord, I believe. I believe. Oh, and you are all I need. [Music] Lord, I believe you. Oh, and my portion I believe. Oh, and you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Sing it one more time. Oh, I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. Oh, I believe. Oh, and you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Hallelujah. Lord, I come to you. Oh, let my heart be changed. Rainer, oh, and flowing from the grave. All that I have in you. [Music] Oh, and Lord, I come to know the weak places I see. All you are. Oh, and it will be stripped away by the power of your love. [Music] Let your love surround me. Oh great. Oh, I glory to you. Oh, glory to your side. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and I rise up like a [Music] and I will show you. Oh, and your spirit lift me on and the power of your love. Let's all stand and sing it as we pray through this time. Oh my Lord and my open my eyes. Let me see you for who you really are. Oh, and an of you, Lord. Oh, as you lay with me. [Music] Oh, when you're in my Oh, I fall in my heart. Oh, living every day. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, in the power [Music] that should surround me. Oh, and coming to your side [Music] of my [Music] Lord with you. Your spirit leads me on the power of your love. Praise the Lord. What a promise that'll raise us up in the power of his love. Amen. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? God has something special for us tonight. Amen. The scripture says, "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in the midst." So, we're not looking at each other, but we're looking to the promised giver. Amen. If you have a special need and you just want to make it known, let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to tell you, Lord, how much your love has made a difference in our lives, Lord, Lord, if it wasn't for your love and your goodness, Lord, to oh God, die that death on Calvary, Lord, we would be lost and undone. But oh father, Lord, that great love and that mercy that was shed forth for us, Lord. It gives us a place today in your economy, Father. And we're here, your children want to worship you, Lord. Want to say thank you, Lord, for that great price that you paid, oh God. Lord, and to know that it was your desire, oh God, not to just be in this building with us to encourage us, but oh God, to live in us, Lord, by the resurrection power, oh God, to to have life and that more abundantly, Lord, to know to know that we know that we know. Not only are you the lifegiver, but you're the resurrection, Father. What a privileged people we are, Lord, to oh God, be able to worship you, oh God, in in spirit and in truth, Lord. Oh God, we can't praise you and we can't thank you enough, Lord. But oh God, our our words would fail us, but Lord, hear our hearts, Lord. how we desire, oh God, to give our all and to be all that you called us to be. Father, as we commit, oh God, this little time of fellowship, Lord, we desire that you would speak to every heart, Lord. Lord, I'm recognizing oh God and this moment my inability Lord but Father when you came Lord and the resurrection come upon us Lord you give us ability you give us ability Lord and for that we call upon you and we pray that you'd be the speaker and the hearer and Lord when we leave here Lord can we say like those that were going from Emmas did not our hearts burn as he spoke to us along along the way as we commit your people, ourselves into your faithful hands. And Lord, we just thank you for this time in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. If you have your Bibles and we'll just go straight to the word of God. We're so happy to be home. We certainly appreciate everybody's prayers and things that uh while we were away, the Lord was so gracious to us and but we're so happy to be home and to be with you, be here for a short season and then we'll be back running. But um if you want to turn with me, we're going to go to Galatians chapter 2 and verse 15. Galatians chapter 2 and verse 15. We'll also read um in Matthew chapter 5, but in Galatians chapter 2, Paul's speaking here. He says, "We who are Jews by nature and not sinners of the Gentiles know that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by faith of Jesus Christ. Even we that believe in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law, but by the works of the law, shall no flesh be justified. But if while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid. For if I build again the things which I destroy, I make myself a transgressor. For I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God. I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live. There was a life that we once lived. But he's saying there's a difference now. The life that I now live. Amen. The life that I live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. I do not frustrate the grace of God. For if the righteousness came by the law, then Christ died in vain. Also, Matthew chapter 5. Well, I was just thinking about it. Um, as we're coming up to Independence Day and you know, we rejoice that our great nation, you know, there was blood spilled that we can be free, that we can worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience. And, you know, I think about the the love of Christ. When Christ died, he gave us that same freedom from sin. He gave us freedom from sin. Right. That's right. Oh my. To think of it like our human nature, our sin nature. We were in bondage to it. But somebody paid the price. And it was his great love to manifest that because you were sons and daughters of God. Praise God for that great release. Thank God for freedom and salvation. Oh my. Matthew chapter 5 and verse 11 says this, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for such for so persecuted the prophets which were before you. Ye are the salt of the earth." But if the salt had lost its savior, wherewith shall it be salted? It is henceforth good for nothing, but is cast out, it is to be cast out, and to be trotten under the foot of men. Ye, oh the light of the world. A city that is set on the hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick that it may light un that it may give light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. You may have your seats. We trust the Lord will add a blessing to the reading of his word. You know, it's uh tremendous how the word of God instructs us and it's a personal instruction. Let your light so shine before men. You know, we have a job to do. We're to let our light shine. You know, and I think about it, you know, all too often, you know, we get to our jobs and we get to our school and we just go on in the regular routine of life and yet we forget who we are. We forget that we got a job to do, right? when Christ came and paid the price for us to set us free from the bondage of humanity, our sin nature, to to take the blessings of God and consume it upon our own thinking, our own lust, and things like that. But that's not the thing. You know, God wanted to to for you to have a part in redemption. Think about it. When God comes to you as an individual, it's the grace of God to you. Amen. It awakens something in you that you have a hunger for God. You have a thirst for God, that God would do the same works that he did when you when you hear about what he did in Christ, then all of a sudden there's something that believes that God can do the same because he's the same. Do you believe that? That's that's the cry of the believer's heart is resurrect in me this same life. Right? That's what he came to do. He came to bring that love. He came to cap us off with divine love. I mean, we see it today. The people are growing cold on love. There is no kind, brotherly kindness in this world anymore. But I tell you this, this night today, you are God's billboards. There's a thirsty world out there. and they're looking around, where can I find a resource? Where can I find hope? Where can I find joy? Where can I find peace? Where can I find good health? You know, here we are. We we sometimes we forget why we're here. Where did we come from? And where are we going? You see, I believe that God has put it within our hearts for a certain kind of maturity. We must come into shakina glory, the presence of the light of this hour and mature. There's a cry in our heart to grow in grace and knowledge, not to be whooping ourselves and and and being rude with ourselves for our faults and failures. We have a blood. Amen. The scripture speaks in in Hebrews chapter 4. He says, let's just read it. There's so much food in there. I just I don't want to short change it because it's so powerful. If you can take the word of God and you can see it's you. It's your job. It's it's who you are. It's your identification. You could step into the vision tonight. Oh my. Just to think that all that Jehovah, all that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ is, he's poured into you. He's poured into you. You are the living epistle read of all men. Think of it. My Hebrews chapter 4. Hebrews. Hebrews. Hebrews chapter 4. Well, I just praise the Lord for his goodness. If he can awaken something within me, I need God. I need God to awaken me to this reality. It's I in you and you in me. Oh, this is the joy of our God. He wants it. It was his heart purpose. That's what our prophet taught us. All of when we look around in the world, all the suffering of the believers of old, they went through it, but it was it was their hour. But this is our hour to be to think of it that we're partakers of divine nature by promises. A and the whole plan of this whole thing is that he would have a bride of his own choosing. That's you, the bride of Christ. We want to rise and shine. We want to let our light so shine. My Hebrews chapter 4, it says this in 14. Seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession. You know, it's so amazing to think that a profession is like somebody's occupation. You know, don't let go of your testimony. If God has saved you, tell somebody. Embody that reality day by day. When you make a mistake, don't look at your mistake. Look at the one who saved you. Don't you want to hold fast to your profession. You're a professional Christian because it's by the blood of God. It's by the grace of God. That's a reality. Amen. All the secrets of God are being made known. My one day that great secret, that great reality that God is in you as a young person. God is in you as an older person. God is in you in a young sister or in a mother. One of these days you're going to say like Moses, he began to say, "I'm Moses." My see yourself in the scriptures. See yourself in the promises for this hour. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. Well, I tell you, if there's ever a time to find some grace, it's now. This hour, we need more grace. We need grace because that's what we're saved by. We're saved by grace. And we don't want to let go of our profession. I was saved by grace. I'm no good, but by his grace. We want to constantly lift up the spirit of grace in our lives. Amen. Amen. I am what I am by the grace of God. It's not by good works, but by grace, Jesus Christ, he'd give me a gift of faith of who I am, what I'm called for. Amen. Right. That God has sent a message. He sent light in the evening time. Amen. He promised you and me the path to glory you shall surely find. Yes, sir. In Psalm 16, he says, "The path of life, you shall find the path of life." There is no doubt about that. And that path of life is full of joy in his presence. I want to hold fast to my profession. God wants you to be full of joy. As a spiritfilled believer, there is a joy bell ringing even in death. thinking about a brother's testimony. He was telling, I think it was Paul Rder, and they came in to sing some songs for him when he was sitting in there. And he began to say, "Who's dying, me or you? Pull the shades back. Go get my brother. Get him over here. Let's sing some snappy gospel songs." You know, there ain't no trial. There ain't no darkness that'll keep me from shining the light of God. This is the hour to have joy unspeakable and full of glory. Let the joy bells ring. People are so depressed. There's pills for everything. There's energy drinks for this or or drugs for that. People need pep pills. They run to this and that. But you're God's billboard. You're different. You have a home in glory. When this thing is all over, you'll have a life that is never ending. Because you've trusted in one that made that promise. It was by grace. Oh my. To think that he's asked us, he said, "Come boldly to the throne of grace." If we had to go to a throne where there was a bunch of money and it was an endless supply, you would want to go and say, "Hey, you told me I can come and draw dividends from this bank." But I tell you today, the scripture says, "Come boldly to the throne of grace that you might receive grace to help." Oh my, we are a needy people. God's built it to where he would supply our need. So when you come into the needs, just know that God's on the other side to provide grace to help. Ain't that wonderful? So when you come against it, we don't have to fear what's around the next corner because we have a God that is he's on his throne and that throne is in your heart. When you receive forgiveness, that spirit of grace starts renewing you. It starts washing you. It tells you you're not all those actions that you've been doing. That's not who you are. You're smoking. You're drinking. You're lying. You're stealing. The God of grace is here to take you from your condition. My grace is here to rescue you. My grace is here to lift up and change this vile situation that you got trapped in. You didn't do it. The devil tricked you into it. That wasn't who you are. I've come to tell you who you are. It's time to rise and shine for the glory of God. It's not time to back up. It's time to go to the throne of grace boldly that we might find help. Oh my. To think if you can find help when you're in trouble. You're you're aband you're all of a sudden on the side of the road and you had a long trip and all of a sudden you ran out of gas. Oh my, I'm out of gas. Lord, I prayed before I left and why am I out of gas? Oh my God, you've abandoned me. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I got a promise. The promise says that I can go boldly. Don't I want to don't don't don't let loose of my profession. It was it was grace that started this thing. It's grace that'll finish it. If I make it there, it was by his grace. He that started it by his grace will finish it by his grace. I'm out of gas, Lord. I I'm out of gas. I'm stuck. I don't know what to do. But your scripture says to come boldly, and I'm coming because you got something for me here. I'm not going to try to figure this thing out. I'm going to trust in your grace. How many can testify that you've been up against it and you say, "I don't know how I'm going to go over this. There's no way under it." But the grace of God has provided a way through it. Amen. God has constantly proved to his believers that he will never leave you and he'll never forsake you. Mankind can forsake you. Your best friend can turn his back on you, but Jesus Christ will never fail you. It's we fail oursel. We fail to have the right motive. We fail to have the wrong the right understanding. But if we just hold on, hold on to the promise, God will bring his grace. That's the power of the believer today. And we want our atmosphere to be shining this light to a world that's full of critics. It's full of judgments. It's full of harassments. They're all bound up. The world is falling apart. They're in confusion. But oh my, to be the people that are God's billboards, there's some of our brothers that are out there in darkness. And God is trusting that there's billboards out there that just the way you conduct your life, the way that you drive your car. Uh Lord, help me. How fast am I driving? I mean, I know a lot of people who drive with me are terrorized. So, Lord, give me grace. I ride with some people that I'm terrorized with, too. But we're to be different. That's right. You know, a lot of times advertisements, you know, they advertise a lot of something. You know, and the prophet of God when he was ministering, let your light so shine, he was like a lot of people's advertisements, you know, they have this big beautiful picture of this nice steak and it's you can see it's sizzling like and just just everything seems so appealing and and it appeals to those who are hungry. So, you know what they do? They drop in. Man, they got great biscuits, but that steak was terrible. What? A lot of advertisement. A lot of people say things, but they really don't mean it. Let that not be for us. Let it be that our conversation is constantly seasoned with grace. Amen. You know, God is he's entrusting you and me to be the light of the world. He He already said you are. You are the light of the world. And you become the light as you receive it. Ain't that wonderful? Matthew 10:7 it says, "Go ye and as you go, preach, saying, the kingdom of God is at hand. Heal the sick, cleanse the leper, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely you have received, freely give." Well, if there is part of the ingredients that our pastor was telling us about, these are ingredients. We know that this is what is in us potentially sir, but we want to realize it. What has God freely given us? One one thing I'll say is we have to hearken back to our own testimony. Sometimes we forget, you know, 20 when I was I just turned 50 this year. And so when I think back when I was 22 and God was really dealing with my heart, you know, you you you forget sometimes what a stinker you were and how nasty and rude you were. But then sometimes you get going down this line so long you forget that people are been bondage. You've been liberated and walking a different walk in the spirit of liberty. But we don't want to use our liberty as a cloak. Amen. We We don't want to be hiding the grace of God the way God dealt with us. It was freely given to us. The grace and mercies of God. If I deserved hell, which I did, but then his mercy comes and forgives me and pardons me. Oh my, I think about the the parable of the man. He had a debt and he could not pay it. And all of a sudden, he's coming before the the the one he owed the debt and he says he's like, "Look, man. You're going to have to pay with I'm going to sell your children, your wife, your all your possessions cuz you need to pay this debt. Oh, be merciful to me. Give me time. I'll straighten it up. Give me time. I'm I'm pleading the cause. Please be merciful to me. He says, "Okay, you know what? I'll just straight take your debt away. Your debt is free. You're free. Now, what are you going to do? And he just goes on and he forgot. He forgot. Or maybe he willingly forgot because there was somebody who owed him like 50 cents or something crazy. You're like, "Hey, you better pay this." And he was choking him out like, you know, and then when the judge found out, he said, "This man, he's acting that way. Okay, bring him here. Oh my, you know the story. I don't want to have these kind of attitudes. I don't want my atmosphere to have any ounce of me in it and what I think. I want it to be the grace of God. This this hour is the headstone crying grace. Grace. Isn't it amazing? Grace. I I still My heart still pulsates and loves that wonderful grace that saved me. Amen. Do you? Well, I was just here to stir up your mind and uh we're just so thankful to be back. And maybe we'll just have a few more words and try to find a place to close. You know the prophet was teaching about advertisement. He said the first thing that any advertisement a person must see it. You know you must see the advertisement board and then the next thing he must want it. I wonder if what we've got on display as God's advertisement boards. I wonder if people want it. What we got now? I'll say this much. The scripture says they hate you. So the world, we're not looking for them to want it because they hate you. They hate me. They hate the word of God. They hate God. They hate everything that represents God and truth. But that's not what I'm interested in. I'm interested because the spirit of grace is in my heart. It's about the father's business to seek and to save that which is lost. To those that are redeemable, that's who we want to shine the light to. You know, we don't want to have our mindset and our affections thinking that everybody's going to be saved because they're not. Right? But we want to have a laser focus. We want to be so focused that you know what we're going to suffer persecutions from people they say you think you're a holy holier than thou you think you're somebody special hey you know what I I am I am by the grace of God you know the the enemy is constantly trying to pull you into an argument a tussle get you on your human I'm going to show him I'm gonna show her I can really do is I can't do anything except the grace of God empower me. I want to be that dependent on the grace of God. Like don't let this humanity start raising up and thinking it's somebody without the grace of God. Uh it I just here to remind us it's the grace of God to us. It's the love of Christ. But they're going to have to want it. If they don't see it and don't want it, that's different, right? But you know, the scripture also says that if our gospel be hid, it's hid to those that are lost, right? So you have a job. This is the hour to display the token. This is the hour. The way that we conduct our business, our jobs, our school, the way we act and react, the way that we talk to our neighbor, the way that when we get cut off in traffic, the way that that was the last thing on the shelf and you and the other person are grabbing it at the same time. You know, one of the things that I believe that is lacking is kindness in humanity. You know, kindness can go a a great deal to winning somebody. I remember I did a job for a man and he was completely blind. And he wasn't blind all his life. It just his occupation later in life caused him to be blind. And I was visiting with his his family. We were in his his his living room discussing uh construction details of a project we agreed to. and he the woman that he was with, I don't know if they're married or whatever, and I've told this story before and so I'm not going to try to go down too many of the roads, but I'll say this, she had very short hair and it was blue. And I just I was looking at him, he was he was blinded through military service, you know, he was into ammunitions or some kind of something and it his his vision was lost. But yeah, I got to testifying about how the power of God I was under this bondage and and this guy Mike Jo is his name. He was there and he would walk around where his back was really bad and and I was telling him the testimony of how God supernaturally healed my body. And she was sitting there and I could see her just kind of rolling her eyes and just like, "When is this going to end? When is this gonna end?" But as I testified and I didn't I wasn't entering in and entertaining her scoffing because I recognized that has nothing to do with me. My job is to shine the light to tell about the power of God in my life and the grace of God what it's done. And here after it was all said and done she was rattling on something and he started saying something and and I was like what? cuz he kind of can't hear out of one ear also. But I believe that's right. But so he he he said he said uh blindness recognize kindness, you know, and that that changed my world. You know, God can use somebody else if you'll sit there long enough. God spoke through a donkey to a backslid or to a to a a hierling prophet because he was going contrary. He had his eyes on something else. But what I'm saying is is God can use anything and anybody to speak to you to to give you a a world transforming view. That's what revelation does. And do you realize that we're in an age where there's the the gospel is blinding the eyes of the unbeliever. But God, even because he's rich in mercy, he's still he's still interested in people being well and experiencing benefits and blessings. Amen. Why would I ever want to cut that off from somebody by telling them something in a critic critical way, right? I want to let my conversation be seasoned with grace. You know, that's what we're called to. You know, we're going to give an account for every idle word. Oh, it should not create a a scare, but a reverence, a holy reverence. God, you're using my mouth every day. You the words that I say, they have power of life and death. That's what the resurrection has come to do is to give you boldness in speech. Give you courage to face the enemy, the adversary. The greatest enemy I got is me. the way I think my idea the way I think things should go what the temperature in the church should be where I should sit where I should park where I should go and shouldn't go but oh God may the grace of God lead me in the path of righteousness for his name's sake that's his promise to you that's his promise to me Ephesians Eeesians 4, he said, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good for the using use of edifying." That it may minister grace unto the hearer. Think of it. You have been empowered to give grace to the hearer. Oh, I I want to magnify my office. Like Paul said, I'm a son of God. The the God of glory has come to declare the glory of God in your life. My and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed into the day of redemption. Let all bitterness, wrath, anger, clamor, and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you. My what a what a calling. What a commission. Go into all the world. Share this kindness. Share this grace. you know, when when they were nashing and stoning Stephen, you know, he he wasn't he wasn't a pastor or anything. M matter of fact, I don't know if he even did any signs and wonders. He was just God's billboard. And he was sitting there. He was telling them about their fathers and how they rejected the Holy Ghost. and they were just waiting to stone him. You know, there's people waiting to stone you. And within that crowd might be a Saul. They got their rocks ready and they got they got you on their crosshairs. And all of a sudden, because now the power of God is going to be displayed on a billboard. And he he he was being stoned and the glory of God shone on his face and he said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." Wasn't that the Savior revived and alive? There's no question. When you live a life that's a billboard to God, you are declaring that the grace has came and saved you. Do you believe that? I believe it. Kindness is a deep feeling of generosity and consideration and compassion towards others and it's often without expecting it in return. My we always, you know, I think about this and we just come up against something recently, but we were in in work in Louisiana and you know, we we forget like, hey, you know, we're here to do a job and we're here to help. And when the difficult comes, when the struggle comes and all of a sudden, man, that's not our job. this and this and this that wasn't part of the plan. Like I didn't agree to this. It wasn't here. Like we had the expectation set and here comes the test. The wrench is in the plan. But you said you were going to help and they're taking account of your word and so is God. That's why he allows the trial to come. How are you going to react to an action? Amen. The de the devil's doing his thing, but God's allowing it because he's proving to you that the grace of God is awakening and coming alive. He's giving us opportunity, opportunity, opportunity. The scripture speaks about about umh I'm coming to it. I'm coming to it. I want to share that with you. I can bring it out. But it speaks about um with all men um yeah I'm coming to it. But it's speaking about even of the household of faith. You know, a lot of times, you know, we we're we're kind to one another sometimes, you know, but then when it comes to the outside, you know, ah, they're a bunch of heathens, bunch of unbelievers, you know, ah, I can be rude, it doesn't matter, right? They're like, right here, they're going to be cannon fodder. But no, that's not the expression of the divinity of God. While you're on earth, you are s you can suffer to be defrauded. It's the will of God that you take it patiently, right? So when they say all manner of evil against you, think it not strange, right? But my ju just just to think that there's growing pains of his grace. When we do wrong, when we find ourselves being sassifrass and and harsh with people and rude, it's the grace of God. There's growing pains of his grace. We can recognize conviction comes. Ah, Lord, you're calling me higher. You know, it's time to eat the cake. Ain't that right? You know, we've heard the wonderful realities of God, but now it's to time to receive the spirit of grace and get into action. I'm not afraid what man will do to me. If I make a mistake, I got the grace of God. I got the promise of God. You're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us of all unrighteousness. Amen. You can feel a little bit lighter knowing that there's a throne of grace. You you stop looking at yourself and you start looking at the throne of grace. Ah you know when I see myself in all my I got a long way to go but I know a resource. I know a source of life that's drawing me. It's drawing me. Amen. And when you tap into that grace then you enthrone it. And now it's the spirit of grace that's governing you. It's causing you to act and move and breathe and have your being. Don't you love that? The spirit of grace has come over us. Amen. My kindness is selfless, compassionate, merciful. You know, kindness will cause you to love your neighbor and show it to everyone. This is the scripture Galatians 5 and 13 says, "For brethren, ye have been called to liberty. Only use not your liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." And also in Galatians chapter 6 and 10 it says, "As we therefore have opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially to them that are of the household of faith." You know, and David said even he said in one place he said, "Thy loving kindness is better than life." And to think sometimes we hold on to this life as if it was better than his loving kindness. But I want to I want to enter into that revelation. I I want to receive that revelation that God's loving kindness is better than life. Amen. My, you know, we'll we'll uh just be a few more minutes, but you know, I I think that uh maybe if we can work on our our cry for revelation that God gives us the right approach, right? Because while we're here, we're we're here to do a job and to carry this grace to all the world. And and we're looking for those that are redeemable, right? And we can't it's not like you can just look on their hand or see, you know, it's just not like that. But if they don't receive you, they receive me is what he said. That's right. If if they receive your grace, if they receive your kindness, well, I believe that God's got a reward. Yes. Amen. But I just want to display that grace. Amen. My got way too much here. You know, this is out of enticing spirits. I was listening to this today and it says this in paragraph 108. He says, "I've said I don't condemn the drunkard for going out and getting drunk." He's all moody. He don't know. He gets up in the morning and he's got the blues, a hangover, goes out and gets him two or three bottles of beer and goes out and gets him some whiskey and all that kind of stuff. a little cigarette sucker back, sits back and smokes and blows through his nose like a freight train. That's all. I don't blame him. That's all the joy he knows. That's all he knows about. He's a pig by nature. Now, shame on you who profess to be Christians and rely on such things for joy when the Holy Ghost Gospel is nothing but a great big powerhouse of joy. The Holy Ghost Gospel is a perfect in intoxication for every man that's got the blues. You'll take a drink of the gospel of Jesus Christ and be filled with the Holy Ghost and you are drunk until you leave this world. Amen. Joy unspeakable, full of glory. It's a constant stimulation. It's a constant intoxication. Drunk day and night. I love that. Now speaking of approach, he says, 'Now don't condemn the sinner. Have mercy on him. Let him go ahead and smoke his pipe and let him drink his liquor. Let him have his card party. That's his pleasure. Don't blame him. Come home and every night he's tired and wore out. He wants some pleasure. The thing you for you to do is live such a godly life that you can prove to him that the gospel hold 10,000 times more than that for him. That's the thing to do. That's the job to do is you got so much joy. You're full with such an intoxication. Hey, I want to tell you man, you know what? At the end of this life, there's a life eternal. Come on. You know there there's someone who paid a price and there's a door ministered in this day that you can go in behind the veil and you can partake in the mana from heaven. All of the scriptures typed it out but we're living in the day. What you're say come again. Say again. I I want some of this. Give me a drink of this. I I I've hungered for this all my life. Oh my. That's what we want to be about. We don't want to worry about, oh, you're a fanatic. Okay, you know what? It's time to move on. You take your shoes off, you dust. If they don't receive your grace, your peace, it's time to move on. Don't criticize. We got We got higher heights to go. We're climbing into the love of God. Ain't that wonderful? My as brother Bailey prepares to come. We're going to be about two minutes. Says this and we want to sing the lily of the valley. I just love that song so much. But he says this in the path of life. He says, "I believe that we have the thing that the world must have." But we've got to approach it in a way. What if I was a carpenter? I just take a man at the end here, brother Borders over there. He's a carpenter, I believe. Well, if I was driving like a hammer like this and driving nails and I'd hold an automatic nailer of some sort and I pour a tag of uh nails in it and hold it up like this and and and drive the boards like like a whole lot better than he could with his hammer. He says, "Now, if you're walking up to him and says, "Oh, boy. You ain't got nothing in it. You know nothing about it. Why? You're mashing your fingers and you you haven't got a product to begin with. You've offended him. See, you'll never sell the hammer. That's right. See, it's my approach what I have. It's my approach with what I have, my product. I know it's better than what they got. But I've got to remember, I've got to approach him in the right way. If you walk up to him and says, "How do you do, sir? My name is Brandon. Mine's borders." Say, "I see you're a carpenter." "Yes, sir, I am. I really believe that you're a real carpenter, too." Look at that kindness. See, I'll watch him. The way he's handling his hammer. Oh yes. Oh, Betsy, she's been here a long time. She's been with me a long time. Oh, I mean, see, this is part of the approach is you're entering into fellowship. You know, a lot of times our approach is, you know, you shouldn't be doing that. You shouldn't do that. But that's not the approach. The approach is believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. It's not condemning them for what they're doing. It's condemning them or it's it's lifting them up with the grace of God. believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. That's what brought me into grace. I believed in the Lord Jesus Christ. He saved me. If anything that nothing good that I did, it was his grace. Oh, Bessie's been with me a long time. Oh, yeah. That's a good one. Sure. Good, too. You really can handle it. Yeah. Go on and talk with him a while. And and if if uh did you ever hear they got a new such and such hammer? No, I don't believe I don't believe I did. He says, "Well, this here it is. You put the nails in it here and let's just let's just tack up those boards down here. Look at the look at the time it does. And what a product I got." Show it to him like that. Say, "Take it. Try it for a few days and see what you think." and I'll be back. And if the the right kind of product, it sells itself. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? See, we got the right thing. We got to approach the people with it, right? See, that's the thing. It's a real genuine thing is the Holy Spirit. And I believe it with all my heart. Amen. Just want to encourage you. You you have the spirit of the living God by the grace of God. And that same grace that has been given. Let's let our light shine. Amen. Let's stand together. Brother Billy, if you'd come. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's just sing that. [Music] Holy of the valley, let your sweet aroma fill my life. [Music] Oh, and rose of share and show me how to grow in beauty in God's son. Oh, and fairous make me a reflection of your love. [Music] Oh, when they star shine out on me. Oh, and let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh, and lead me, Lord. I follow anywhere you open up the door. [Music] Let your words speak to me. Show me what I never see before. Oh. Oh. And Lord, I want to be a witness. Oh, you can take what's wrong and make it right. [Applause] Oh, and they start shining. Hallelujah. Shelter me in the night. Oh Lord, I see a world that's dying by the master of the sea. [Music] Oh in the darkness and body of Christ. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh by the sea standing in the Lord. Oh shining with compassion in your eyes. You believe he's a compassionate God tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, and Jesus shine on me. Oh, and let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh me, Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the door. Let your words speak to me. Show me what I never seen before. Oh. Oh. And Lord, I want to be a witness. Oh, you can take my strong and make it. [Music] Oh, and this star. Hallelujah. Let your light shine through me in the night. Where would I be all alone? Oh, and I'm glad to see through eyes of love. Oh, what a hopeless king. Oh, what an empty is our testimony tonight. Oh, and where would I be? Where would I be? You all know. Oh, what a glad you see through eyes of God. Oh, what a hopeless day. Oh, an empty. Just think about your life tonight. Oh, amazing grace. Amazing grace. I see the sound. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, and a hopeless king with an empty. That's what I was Lord in God. Oh, and amazing grace. Amazing grace. Just thank him tonight for his word. Hallelujah. Thank you for your love tonight. But now [Music] I hope. Oh, and where would I be? Where would I be? Hallelujah. If it wasn't for grace, Lord, can you see through life? Oh, what a holless an empty. Oh, now. Oh, what an amazing praise. Amazing grace. [Music] Oh, and I once was [Music] Oh, and I hope this came. Oh, what an empty. Oh, what a great hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for his grace and his mercy? Aren't you thankful that he looked through the eyes of love and it wasn't an eyes of judgment? It was an eyes of love that saw you and brought you from wherever you were. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Key of D. Amen. How do you explain? [Music] Oh, and how do you describe? Oh, and a love that goes for me. Oh, and it runs as deep as it is. Just thank him tonight for his word. Oh, and you know how. Hallelujah. Let the love of God just get in your heart tonight. You are all I need. Oh words the love we all that we long for you to hear. Oh listen to our heart. Oh sh [Applause] [Music] to tell you might tell you of our love. Oh, listen to our heart. Oh, words could fall. I pray. [Music] Oh, if I had my time [Music] to my heart and for everything you say. [Music] Oh, thank you for the Thank you for the truth. Thank you for your hallelujah to listen to my [Music] hearing sing [Music] from those you Happy [Music] to tell you why you are [Music] Oh, and listen to our heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Did you enjoy that tonight? Let the word speak to your heart. And this the scripture says it's the soft answer that brings somebody. That's why the prophet will say, "I rather have the right spirit than the right doctrine." And so many things that you realize it's the spirit of God that brings that. It's when love is projected that's what saves somebody. It's not by the intellect and by the rules and by the law. It's the love of God that brings conviction. And I will bring one to understand that's our heart's desire. But agree if you could just come and dismiss us tonight. Amen. [Music] Let's pray. forc [Music] Andrew seor. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. and want the love of God to reign in our hearts. Amen. Every day. Amen. I'm going to put Sister Lori on the spot here. Uh I was thinking about that song we've sang a long time ago. Your love is boundless. I believe that's what two years ago, three, four. I don't even know what key we sing it in. Just give me whatever key we'll try it. I believe it's G. [Music] Your love is boundless. I'm sorry. Let's start with the Y. That's too high. What key is that? [Music] Let's start with the chorus uh the verse. I'm sorry. Your love is boundless, ageless. Even when all hope is gone, love just goes on and on. Your love is patience, kindness, love keeps no anchor of wrong. Sing left the same but those pages are drawn on cover. singing our chorus again. Oh, and your love is boundless. [Laughter] Even when all hopes is gone, love just goes hard on. Your love is patience, kindness, love keeps no anchor of all. Sin left the stain, but those pages are love covers. Let's sing that first verse. Oh, and you are living. Your love knows no. [Music] Oh, and wider than ocean, taller than a mountain, love. Oh, and your love is constant. Your love is true. Oh, and there is no ending and no beginning. Love always been you. Your love is boundless, ageless. Even when our hope is come, darkness goes on and on. Your love is patience, kindness, love keep an overall. say left hand but those majors are gone. Lord Calvary all sing that third verse. So now I'm forgi [Music] and love set me. Aren't you glad you've been set free? Oh, and now I am living and longing to love the way you love me. Oh, and there's nothing sweeter, the greater love I found. Oh, and when I surrendered my all for another and lay my life. Oh, and all I bless you on this ageless. Oh, and even when our hope is gone, all the goes on. Your love is hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Sing that chorus one more time. Oh, and your love is found everywhere. All hope is called. Oh, your love is patient. Oh kindness love keeps no record of wrong. Sin left the stand but those majors are gone. Lord covers it all. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music]
