################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - [2025-05-07wed] Christian Responsibility | Br. Billy Mbuyi - Br. Billy Mbuyi - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   [2025-05-07wed] Christian Responsibility | Br. Billy Mbuyi
Speaker: Br. Billy Mbuyi
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ijib2JuwHNA
========================================

[Music] My [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Are [Music] you done? Hallelujah. [Music] way. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And Lord, you are so preious to me. Lord, you are so preious to me and I love you. Yes, I [Applause] love you because you [Music] first love [Music] me [Music] and you so precious to me. Lord, you are soious to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because [Music] you Lord Jesus, we are thankful that we can come to your house tonight, Lord. And certainly the cares of this life and the jobs and school and maybe just the pressures of Lady Oia all around us, Lord, sometimes weighs us down. But Lord, we want to lay all that down tonight, Lord, and just enter into worship you, Lord, with our whole heart. And just remember the things that you've done for us along the way, how you called us out of the world. Lord, when we were shackled by the chains of sin and darkness, Lord, you came calling us and you called us out of the darkness into your marvelous light. Lord, what a joy. It sets us ablaze in our heart to to be free from the things of the world. And Lord, to have a work, a word that's an arc of safety that we can run into and be safe from the oncoming judgment. And Lord, not to just be safe, but to have fellowship and communion with you, to be shut away in the holiest of holies and eating on the fresh mana of your word. Lord, you're worthy of all of our praise. And Lord, if we could sing and praise you with all of our heart, Lord, you certainly are worthy. And so, Lord, may we just forget about ourselves and the things of this world. And Lord, give you the praise that you're due, Lord. Create an atmosphere that you could just come by our way. And Lord, we know that you have a word prepared for us that can help us along the way to take another step. Lord, in one of these glorious days, we'll take a step and be changed. Lord, we pray that you' just anoint brother Billy tonight as you would uh just move upon him and use the man of God and anoint our ears, Lord, to hear. May you just have the preeminence in the service, Lord. Where there's needs that are represented, both spiritual and natural and family members and sicknesses, Lord, but we just want to give you, Lord, the preeminence now that you can just come and minister to our hearts, Lord. We just love you. Commit this service to you now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. And I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. He is [Music] holy. Oh, and he is holy. [Music] Holy, holy is the Lord. He is [Music] holy. Glory, [Music] glory, let's just sing that one more time. [Music] [Applause] Holy, [Music] holy, holy is the Lord. [Music] Holy Lord your [Music] holy Lord. Amen. Key of G. I have found his grace is all complete. His supply in my every name. Oh, while I sin and learn and Jesus will I am free. Yes, free and well. It is joy unspeakable and full. I'm gloryful of gloryful. I'm glory and his joy. Unspeakable. Our glory and has never yet been told. And I have found the pleasure and I find strength in his joy and peace with me. Oh Lord, where will I sing? Oh from the king of sing. Oh hallelujah. I see the glory for our glory. Oh my [Music] gospe has never been told. And I have found that hope [Applause] [Music] [Music] so. Hallelujah. Our sweet glory is full of glory. Our glory is joy. unspeakable glory. Our glory Abraham has never been told. And I have now found my [Music] control. Our praise are glory [Music] road my [Music] [Applause] soul. Our glory where it's [Music] [Applause] [Music] glorifying blood of the lamb. Where are your [Music] garments right? Are you washing in the blood of the lamb? And have you been to Jesus for cleansing? How will you wash in the blood of the lamb? And are you fully trusting his grace? Yes. How will you wash? Oh, I'm fully trusting. Hallelujah. Will are you? Yes, I'm in the blood. Oh lamb and iron are [Music] spotless. What are you washing in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. [Music] wash in the blood of the [Music] lamb. Are you washing the blood? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, the blood of the [Music] lamb [Music] are the cycle. [Music] You wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there's a fountain flowing for us. Oh, in the blood of the lamb. Oh, yes. I walk in the blood in the soul cleanse. Oh yes, my heart is just washable. I am washed in the blood. Oh, just sing that one more time. Confess it now. Oh yes, I wash. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh yes. My God stop my blood. Yes I wash in the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Well I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, my Jesus set me free. Satan, happy man. My God Jesus set me free. Oh, happy man. Lord my Jesus set me free. Will set me free. Lord my Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah Jesus. And I'm on my way and I'm hallelujah. Shout glory. I'm on my way and I'm shouting. [Music] I'm on my way home and I'm shouting. I'm sing glory hallelujah Jesus. Satan have oh yes happy Jesus. Oh my Jesus set me [Music] free. Oh my Jesus. I'm sing glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus. And it's alive. I know it's King. Hallelujah. [Music] There is the Holy Ghost tonight and it's keeping me alive. I know my Jesus is keeping me alive. It's all over me. Well, it's all over me. Well, from my head down to my feet. Oh, from my head down to my feet. Well, from my head down to my feet. Well, it's all over me. From my head down to my feet, I know that it's the Holy Ghost. Well, it's the Holy [Music] Ghost. I know it's keeping me [Music] alive. The Holy Ghost tonight and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Amen. Is he keeping you alive? Well, victory is mine. Hallelujah. Victory is mine. I know that victory is mine. And I chose to hit my heart. Oh, victory today. When I woke up this morning, girl, when I woke up this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I cried, "Lord, help me please." And I got up, screaming and shout, "Our hallelujah, Lord. Victory is mine." Hallelujah. Victory is mine. you today is my I behind all of victory today is mine in the name of Jesus. Well, it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the [Music] victory. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, well, Jesus will have to when we stand. overly shine in the way of Jesus. Tell me your name before in the precious name of Jesus will be glory. Oh hallelujah. Victory where victory is. Oh, victory is mine. Victory today is [Applause] [Music] mine. I want to leave behind. Oh, victory today. I got some joy tonight when joy is my hallelujah. Joy is mine. Joy today. I know it's mine. For I know Satan, you give me my heart. Well, joy today. You want the Holy Ghost training? The Holy Ghost is my Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, I chose to lift him high. Oh, Holy Ghost. Oh, why don't you thank the Lord for the Holy Ghost? Why don't you thank him for joy? Why don't you thank him for happiness? Why don't you thank him for peace? Thank him for your family. Thank him for your healing. Go ahead and confess it. Your body will come right into your confession. Amen. We'll just take up the ti and offerings at this time if they'll just play something for us. My It's good to be in the house of God tonight. Amen. We just want to remember little William Bennett as he's not feeling well. So just remember sister Rachel and little William as they would be home and also brother Thiago wants to thank the Lord for another year for his son James wishing him a happy birthday. So we're thankful for that God's grace. You know we we never want to take it for granted. you know, we're just thankful for the the breath of life that God has given. And we should be thankful for our brothers and sisters and our loved ones and each day that God gives us because on this side, you know, we we don't always understand everything, but sometimes uh God could have just a small season and then, you know, pluck one of his flowers up and say, you know, I want to bring them on home. And we go through those times. So, we never want to just be little being thankful for one another. Amen. We um just ask brother Andrew to come and just take pray say a prayer for the tithes and offerings and maybe you have a an unspoken prayer request. You just want to have an uplifted hand and God sees that. Amen. How many have a expectation to receive what you have need of tonight? I certainly have need of God tonight and we know by the preaching of the word God will come and meet our needs. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come approaching your throne, Lord, of grace and mercy in a time of need. Lord, we know that there's a blood atonement, Lord, from a perfect sacrifice. And Lord, we are needy. And Lord, we just want to place ourselves upon your altar. Lord, we know that the blood has cleansed us and made us free from sin and we desire, oh God, the benefits of that redemption would shine forth with little William and the need that the Bennett family has. Father, we pray that you would undertake and that testimonies would ring out how you're the same, Lord, in care and love and Lord, your diligence over your children. And Father, we thank you for the grace that you've given Brother Thiago and his family, Lord, the life that you've given. Lord, we ask God that you would continue to pour out your blessings upon them and shower them, the family. Lord, it's so good to see them being able to enjoy time with extended family. Lord, we're oh God, desiring that you would come and bless the tithes and that that would be collected. Lord, let it Lord increase for your kingdom. Lord, there's souls in even in our neighborhoods, in our jobs, in different places, Lord. We we want the gospel to be effectually working in our everyday life, Lord. and that we can, oh God, submit to the commission instead of resisting it. Father, we just commit the time that we have here to you, desiring that you'd speak to every heart by the preaching of your word. Bless brother Billy, brother Matthew, the different ones that are working, just committing it all to you, thanking you for it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. just also remember uh brother David. He just felt a little maybe a little chest cold coming on. So we just want to remember him also during this time. I I wanted to sing this song. Uh what a beautiful name it is. Um I believe that F. Amen. Amen. There's no name given to man whereby you would be saved but the name of Jesus Christ. Everything you do in word or deed, do it all in the name of Jesus Christ. There's power in that name. Amen. Why don't we just worship him as we start to turn our hearts towards the [Music] word. You were the word in the beginning. [Music] One with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful Let's all share as brother Billy comes. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. Oh, my sin was great. Your love was greater. And no one could [Music] say now. What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to his. What a wonderful name it is. You didn't want heaven without us. [Music] You didn't want heaven without us. for Jesus and you brought heaven now. Oh, my sin was g, your love was gater. Oh, I consider us now. What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. I think I'm blessed to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name. Sing that third verse again. Oh, it is one heaven and without. Oh, and Jesus, you are heaven [Music] now. Oh, my sin was greater, your love was greater. Oh, and what could save us now. What a wonderful name it is. Oh, and what a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. Oh, and what a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious Father, we're so thankful to be gather in your house. Father, your name is above all names. And Father, it's at your name that we bow down. And Lord, we come and we know that this is the name that we have been given access to. That at the name of Jesus, all knees shall bow. Lord God, we have not assembled here to see a man or to hear from a man, but we have assembled here to hear from you, oh God. And Father, as we sing songs to create an atmosphere and all those things, Father, now we've come to the word and we pray, Father, you speak to our hearts. No doubt we've shown up at the house of God with desires and needs on our heart. Lord, we just want to commit ourselves to you, Lord. We know that your word, Father, since the beginning, provided the answer to the needs of men, and your word will continue to do that, Father. It's because you give it to us. You said it was good from creation all the way back to eternity, Lord. And we are so glad, Father, to be partakers of this word and knowing that as we eat of this word, we become even like you, Lord. Come and speak to our hearts tonight. Remember our pastor, Lord, tonight and just touch his body. And Father, those that are home not feeling well as it's been spoken, little William and others, Lord, we want to commit them into your hands. We pray father that your healing touch may just go and touch each and everyone and those that couldn't be here because of work and every other things that came along Lord God we pray that you make a way Lord I believe you are a way maker Lord I believe us that are gathered here is only because you made a way Lord and we pray that you will do for all your children wherever they are we commit this service to you and ask it with all our hearts in the name of the love lovely name Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Man, God bless you. I trust you're happy to be in the house of God tonight. Amen. Um, last Sunday I didn't use my five minute and then all of the sudden it multiplied, but that's all right. Let's open our Bibles. Romans chapter 12. We're just going to read couple of verses and I believe the Lord will speak to us. Amen. Romans 12, let's read verse one and two. I said, I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your body a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. and be not conformed, be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is good, what is that good and acceptable will of God. Also, let's uh turn to uh um Matthew. Let's turn to the book of Matthew uh chapter 5. I believe we read this last Sunday in verse 16. It said, "Let your light so shine before men that they may glorify that you may that you may see your good works and they may glorify your father which is in heaven. Gracious father, we ask that you bless your word to us. We commit it to you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats. try not to be long just to speak something that uh was quickened to my heart uh from what our pastor was preaching. Um, I want to just for a moment uh uh speak a little bit on uh Christian responsibility, a Christian responsibility. Um, and I believe, you know, as we gather here, I was even thinking about this. Um, we believe that our gathering is known and predestinated by God. We we believe that we we as believers of the end time, we have been predestinated uh to be here at the end time and to manifest the promises of God for this age. And and I and why am I saying that? And I think if we don't believe these things, then we are the most miserable people that there is. We we we've just come to waste our time. And I want to say this, even if we just think, "Oh, it could be true." That's not good enough. This has to be a firm belief that we stand on day in and day out. When you wake up, you you you have to know within your heart without a shadow of a doubt that I have been predestinated to be here. This is not a happen chance. So God didn't create. We understand that. But will say for the purpose of just showing that he can create that every creation that he made he made for a purpose. He made for a reason. We understand that we have been chosen and the choosing we understand that choosing was by predestination by election and and and and it was for a cause because God doesn't do things just so he can show that he can do but he did it so he can achieve a certain purpose. We we can even look the central theme of our message. The message that we believe we can say that the message is come to show us that each believers as we are gathered here tonight was predestinated for a specific purpose that God had and he wants us to fulfill that purpose. He's gathered us together from different countries from different places and he has a work for us to do. He wants us to come uh and for the purpose that we may come with obedience and humility to understand that there's a work that he wants us to do according to his word and according to the promise of the time that we are living in. So our our understanding is we are living uh uh not just taking it day by day but we are living for a cause. We are living for a reason. we when you work up you know the it's amazing because you you when you go you look at people's life uh that you get depressed when you lose the reason for living when you when you when you get confused what your life is all about what am I living what am I doing the moment you lose that depression steps in and confusion steps in we as believers we should never lose the reason for living we should never be confused why we are on this earth, why we are on this planet, we have to be sure every day when we wake up that if God grant me one more day, he's got a reason for me to live. If if the devil can't take me until my time has come, if I'm still breathing, it means God has a work for me to do. And and that should be front of mind. We we should never come to a place where we doubt the things because when we do we it will we will fail to understand the complete purpose of what God is trying to achieve. So we have a reason for being here and this is not our gathering here is not brother but brother but David one time decided to build a church and it felt like it was good and it were getting crowded so he built a bigger church so we can have more people. No, that's not the cause. That's not the reason. This is a divine plan of God that he's using men to achieve. God is predestinated and he's got a purpose in what he's doing. So he's inspiring men to do something to achieve that mission. Each and every one of us, we are here and and and I want to say this. It's the failing of the understanding of how these things work together. That's what causes people to do different things. Why? because they don't understand that it's God who's placing everything together. They don't understand it's God who called you to be here for a reason. They don't understand that I have a role to play in the body. I have a place. God placed me here so I can do something. God called me so I could be responsible for something. It's when you fail to understand that, that's when you become one that goes here, goes there. You fail to understand your very existence and reason for being. So it's for a reason. It's it's a it's it's the word of God. The word of God that was predestinated in the beginning. We can say us that are sitting here tonight that that word is manifested today. Not tomorrow. Today we are gathered here. We can say as those that stood on the day of Pentecost, they can look at it and say look at the crowd that's sitting here. Look at the people that are standing here. We can say today this scripture is fulfilled. We can say this is what was promised. We can say God promised to have a bride in the same time. You are looking at them. Yes, sir. I I'm not saying so I I really want us to hold on to that. Don't don't fail to realize because if you fail to realize then nothing else will happen. What the devil is fighting you is fighting you. So you can disbelieve that word and by disbelieving the very principle of what we are gathered here then you cannot do the work. The work is directly attached to your identity and the understanding of the reason why you are sitting here tonight. Amen. So the promise of God that God had that he was going to have an elected people in the end time that he was looking for predestinated people to manifest himself in the flesh. We can see here we can come here and say that this today that scripture is fulfilled. We are not here to play games. This is the word of God for us. Th this is our ticket to the understanding and our entrance into the heavenly nature. The the scripture says, "An entrance shall be ministered unto you." This is our entrance into the kingdom. God promised to have an elected people in the end time. And we believe that every word of God that was predestinated for us will come the same way. We will one day we'll manifest this. The next day will manifest. He will quicken us from word to word into understanding. We will even as the prophet said the whole thing is God becoming tangible. God wanted to become a student and therefore you are sitting here. God wanted to become a housewife. That's why you are sitting here. God in the end time wanted to be a computer person, a tree person, whatever he wanted to be. That's why you are sitting here. is God dividing of himself into a body that we can stand here and say I am God extended today. I am the manifestation of what God should be in the end time. That that's where we stand on because if we don't fail to understand that I keep saying that because it's very critical we see those things. So it's it's the understanding that it's God bringing all of those things together. It's God manifesting himself. So as Christians we can certainly say that if we are to be a Christian then we should not be a Christian just by name. It's not a name tag that we put and say I'm the bride of Christ and walk around and just feel no I it carries with it a responsibility. It carries with it something that you should feel within yourself that because I'm this therefore I can do this. There's a responsibility attached to it. It it's not it's a oh said one place it's a privilege when we gather together. It's a privilege to be a son of God. It's a privilege to be a daughter of God. Let me say this. How many are outside today in churches? How many are today gather some places in the borrowed other places and and trying the best they can to know the truth and yet is still hidden to them. You we we shouldn't be like the man that grew up at the sea that that gets to hear so much of the word like a a pastor said we become fed. No, we need the word to hold it with such uh anticipation and expectation that the word will be fresh every day we hear it that the word will have an effect on us every time we come in contact with it. So it's a predestinated by election and we're playing our part and we are called for a purpose and that purpose comes with responsibility. It it's a it comes with obligations. It comes with a certain expectation. We are called and and I'm just summarize it for the per for the uh uh sake of time. We are called to to to live and reflect the life of Christ. We are called to stand for the truth. We are called to fulfill whatever works that God has for us in the generation that we are living in. We are called as our pastor said last Sunday to be his billboard, to be his ambassador. We are called to reflect, to be the representative of who he is. We are called to be the salt of the earth. We are called to be the final force to the final age. We are called to be God's extended hand. The these are the things that we know. and and and and what I'm trying to get to is with that calling there comes an expectation of us that we should not just uh uh speak it but it should not be in words only but it can be in deed also. The prophet will tell us that when God calls he calls a man he calls him for a purpose. He calls him uh not just for the blessings but he calls so he can use him. God didn't create us or put us here to see if he really has if a power of saving really works. He said, "Well, you know, I'll call them out of the earth and I'll justify them and sanctify them and fill with them with the baptism of the Holy Ghost just so I can see if I can really do it." He did it for a purpose. and and we we as men must walk in obedience in order for us to fulfill that that purpose that God has called us to. So the work that because remember he promised in the word that the works that I do ye shall do also. And and when he came he was sent of his father. He was sent to come for a purpose and and he came and he did and he promised to to the believers that the works that I do you shall do. And we understand the prophet will tell us that that he came to fulfill a work and he left us also a work for us to do as believers. The prophet was speaking the message God doesn't call men to judgment without first warning him. uh preaching 630724 paragraph 40 he says now because we he says now because we have a responsibility that we've got to answer to God some for uh someday for he says every man that comes on that comes on the face of the earth has to answer to God for responsibility and it says and to many of us a stewardship ship we have to answer for. He says this responsibility is a stewardship that's been committed to us by God. I don't care what it is. As I said a few moment ago moments ago, a housewife than to be then be a genuine housewife. That's right. If it's to be a farmer, be a genuine farmer. Whatever whatever it uh whatever is that to that God put you puts put you to do you got a stewardship to do you've got to answer to God for because it takes all these things to do it. So here's the proverty is letting us know I it's not one that would say well and is even saying it in a sense that one can come and say oh I'm less important than that other person oh I'm just a housewife or I'm just a student I'm just this here is a prophet saying what whatever stewardship that God has placed within your hand is giving it to you and you got to have to you you have to hold it uh uh uh respons responsibly because you're going to have to answer to God someday. And and he wants us as believers to be aware of those things. Whatever we do, uh the life that we have been given, he says one place that if if someone give you a life, at least you're going to ask what's the purpose that he gave your life for. Now, I'm not saying this to scare us. I'm saying this so we can be aware that the life that's been given to us, it's given to us for for for more than just holding a job, from just more than just going on vacation. It's given to us for more than just wanting to go nice places and to do, but it's given to us to fulfill a much greater commission than just the normal life that we live every day. Because if we if we fail to understand that then we don't know we we have a life we don't know what to do with it. We can do whatever we want with it. But when we know that we have to account for everything that we do then it will give us at least an awareness so we can use the life for the purpose for which we were placed on earth to do. He said it's not uh it don't matter what you do but God give you responsibility a stewardship whether it be in the family whether it be a coworker wherever you find yourself there's a stewardship within you uh that's given to you to present the life of Christ to live the life of Christ so you could be the salt of the earth so you could be the influence so you can be that person that people will look and see Christ too and that's why It's important that you are aware that that's what's expected of you. And and and I want to say this, but the prophet will say that God cannot call a man unless he equips that man. It's not that we have been given for us to produce something on our own, but within you, if you are sitting here tonight, it's because there's something in you that God has placed there to live the life of Christ. He didn't call you and say, "Go figure out how you're going to live a life of Christ." No. But he's called us so by the life that's inside of us, if we can truly surrender it to him, we will live the life of Christ no matter where we are. And he wants us to be aware of that. the prophet will speak in the message. Uh he will speak and in fact he he's using uh is using uh what Paul is talking about here. Um it was Paul it was using it says we have been given power for influence and all those things elected to be part of the army of God. We understand when Paul speaks um I believe it's in uh second Timothy he would speak and he will talk about life it says that you should be a good soldier and brotherham will use that and and he will use in that context and he will speak here in in the message that deceived church by the world paragraph 8 he says that remember we are not in a picnic but we are in the battlefield so he he's wanting you to be aware of your surrounding and the place that you are living in. So he could so you could be aware of what influence you are playing into this. We are in the battlefield. Many people just think that when I become a Christian, that's all I need. That's all they need to do. It says and that settles it forever. Paragraph 8. And it says and they are a Christian and everything is going to come easy. It says don't ever don't ever get he says don't ever get that in your mind for I became a Christian to fight to fight the good fight of faith. I became a Christian to get into the battle line. We are Christian soldiers and we got to be trained and brought up and it says and we know that we know all the techniques of the enemy to know how to fortify to know how to fight the fight. We it says that we can only do that as the Holy Spirit will reveal it to us. He says we cannot do that. We cannot do what other some other nation tells us to go uh uh what other nation tells us when we go to war. So that uh we we take some of the ideas but we go we got to take our own ideas the way that the Holy Spirit will direct us what ideas he would give us because this he is our commanding and chief the army of the Christians. So he's warning us to be aware that this is not a picnic place. This is not a place where we we think we are on the playground, but he's wanting us to he's comparing the Christian life with with with being a battle. In fact, Paul will speak and some places he'll compare it to a race and and other place he'll compare it with contending and all of those things. But he's warning us, us that are called the elected to know that we are being trained or we have been trained by the word of God given the uniform. We have been equipped with a weapon of the word so we can fight. We we he's wanting us to know that this is Satan's Eden. He's laying traps at every corner. He's wanting to trap us by all means. He's warning us. He set everything with the deception in it so we can live by the uh uh his provision. But we as Christians, we have to be aware that the enemy is at play and live by every word of God. Oh, I begin to think about it. He want us to have the awareness of what a soldier will have. He wants us to keep our eyes open. He doesn't want us to just be uh uh uh tossed to and fro and and be just without thinking. He wants you to be trained and to be focused and to keep your attention and to know that you are in the battle. Don't live a life that's distracted but pay attention because you have a responsibility. Paul is writing in this and it says he writes to Timothy and it says in 2 Timothy 2 uh 1 and 3 through7 it says thou are my son thou therefore my son be strong in the grace in the grace that is Jesus Christ thou it says thou Therefore, my son, be strong in the grace. He doesn't want him to be uh weak or or or to be affected. He wants him to be not to be hindered. He said, "Be strong. Be be courageous as it will tell Joshua. Be strong in the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. and the things thou has heard and of me among many witness. The same commit to to uh commit thou to faithful men who shall be able to teach others. In other words, take the things which you have heard and the things which have been shared to you and keep it and teach it to others. You know, don't be distracted. Understand what's going on around you. The word is not given to you. I thought what an image uh it would be if it will take one that's that's gone to training to be a soldier given a uniform given food to eat given a pay and afraid to go to war. one who's been trained and and and the the training paid for and and given every training possible and and you know uh uh I was just thinking I believe it was brother Andrews I was talking to him and uh uh and we were talking how you know even part of the training what what they want to get you to do is to do what men cannot do when they under pressure. Part of the training is to get you to do things where it becomes second nature. Where you don't have to go through the normal process of thinking. Why? Because the devil will attack your normal process of thinking. And without the training, you will forget what you need to do. So he comes and he the the it takes you and he takes you through all that training and and he gives you the uniform and and with that uniform comes a responsibility. I I I'm in the army of God. I'm responsible for my brother. I'm responsible for everywhere I see the enemy. In fact, let me say this. Those that are in uniform, even when they come to live a civilian life, they only do it until they are called for duty. So, the first priority in life is duty. I I've been elected to be in the army of God. I've been elected in the army of United States. I'm a fighter in the United States. So whenever I'm called, it doesn't matter where the enemy is, I'm there to answer for the call. And let me say this. That's why I said I don't want us to look at it as an a a blame, but I want us to look at it as an opportunity. What a call. What an opportunity. God could have called anybody, but he chose you. In fact, they said that the job that he's given you to do, even Moses couldn't do it. You are elected to do the job in the end time. He says, "Thou therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." So a soldier is made to endure hard things. you you know there's many times I you know you you will go and your day will come just you know how things go that the things just seem like it doesn't go well and and you know and then you're like at the end of the day why does things have to be hard and then you're reminded I'm just supposed to be a soldier you know like why does everything has to be hard why can I not just do something and it works the first time why do I have to do it all it's God training you You are you are a soldier. You are made to stand there. You are made to endure hard things. You are not made to be a civilian who will crumble when time something doesn't work. But he's calling Timothy and say therefore endure hardness as a good soldier. He says, "No man that wareth entangles himself with the affair of life that he may please him that he may be that he may please him who had chosen him to be a soldier. And if a man also strive for masteries, yet he is not crowned except he strives lawfully. The husband men that labored must first be partaker of the fruit. Consider what I say and the Lord giveth unto thee understanding of the things. So Paul is comparing and is telling Timothy. Paul is using this analogy of a soldier and he's talking and said I want you to endure. I want you to be focused. I want you to have discipline. I want you to follow Christ. You are not just a civilian but you belong to another kingdom. Amen. It says, "Father, they are not of this world. I pray not that you not take them out of the world. I pray that you keep him, but be with them as they are in the world." We are spiritual in the spiritual warfare. We are We must act like good soldiers under the command of our Lord Jesus Christ. We are responsible. we have a work to do. So he's wanting us as soldier that are being trained that have been given weapon to have the endurance or the endurance or the ability to endure hard things the focus and that our lives may be lived so it could be pleasing to the one who called us. I was thinking about I remember when I was in college years ago, I had a one of my professors uh was uh was used to be in the Navy and uh he would tell us stories about what it was and and he would tell us stories about the training and he said one day they send them to run I don't know 10 miles or whatever they were running and exercising ing and he came and he said that there were a couple of them that ran past the group and they came and showed up and the commanding officer looked at them and said where's the others and said they left over there said go back and bring them all. So he sent them back to come and bring them. He said what was he teaching us? He was teaching us that we work as a unit. We are not we he was teaching us that we we fail together we succeed together. He was teaching us that as part of the army, you you care about the brother that's standing next to you. You care about the sister that's standing next to you. When you be when you are brought part of the army, an army cannot succeed as one person. An army has a people and there's such a trust build that if the one in the front tells you something, you have to believe them and help them. Amen. He he he was trying to tell us to understand that when you come into the army of God, you are the protection of your brother is your protection. The your brother becomes your responsibility. Your sister becomes your responsibility. If one is affected, the whole body is affected. If one is said, the whole body is sad. If one is shot at, everybody is shot at. We go, we protect him. I love the American army. They said, "We don't leave no man behind." Amen. It doesn't matter if we need to go get more people so we can come, but rest assured, nobody will be left behind. The trouble is the church has turned into a group of mavericks, people that just care about themselves. You know, I'm safe. I have the Holy Spirit. I don't care who else has it or not. It's just mine. You're not part of the army. Part of the army. When you see the enemy attack somebody, when you hear that there's a group over there that's ambushed, the army goes to work. Why? Because they know, oh my brother, my sister, let me say this with the army is just not the responsibility. Because remember the word responsibility. There's also power attached to responsibility. The word power is attached to responsibility. The army knows that they have the power to deliver. They have the power to run the enemy out. Oh, I was thinking about little David. Here he is. And his father, he he didn't ask to be a shepherd. If if the father gave him that responsibility, he told him, he says, "Well, David, today, you know what? You're going to be a shepherd. you the youngest, we'll take you and we'll put you over the sheep and everything. David was glad for the positioning. He was glad that was that was as long as that's the father wanted him to do, he was happy about it and he kept the sheep. Now, let me say this. When the bear showed up, when the lion showed up, I don't believe that physically that David had the power to defeat them. But David had more confidence in the father's word that I have given you authority to watch over your sheep. He took the father's word and he went and he defeat those animals. Amen. That's the problem with us. The father is elected us. He called us to be part of the army. He placed us into his house. But we are ashamed and afraid. Is the father's word not good enough? If the father said we are overcomers, his word is good enough. If the father said we can defeat the enemy, his word is good enough. Whatever the father said, we'll go fight for that word. Why? Because the father knows best. So he it's the understanding that we are part of a bigger picture. We are part of something greater that God is trying to build. So when you read the word definition, the definition of responsibility, it says it's the state or the fact of outing of of having a duty to deal with something or having control over someone. But the similarity in words, responsibility also will mean authority, control, power, leadership, influence and management. A commitment to fulfill one's duty and obligation to God, oneself and others. It involve acting in accordance with the will of God, showing obedience and demonstrating the love and the care for those around us. This includes both individual accountability to God and collective responsibility within the community or the church. A responsible person doesn't care just about himself. A person who's responsible, he knows the weight of what's what's following him. Moses, God called him. He came and he stood there and behind him there's the Philistines coming and in front of them there's the Red Sea and on this side there's a mountain and outside and the children of Israel saying, "Oh, what are we going to do? We're going to die." And he understood what it was up against. But he knew that if God placed him there to be responsible for that, that God was going to provide a way. And he knew when he talked to God, God said, "Why cry? You speak." He spoke the word and the word came to pass. Why? Because he understood that his word as he was being instructed by God. Just the same way that he has responsibility, the responsibility carried power to achieve the mission. Amen. Your responsibility carries the power for you to achieve the mission. God cannot me make me responsible for children that I cannot pray for and have an effect on them. Then what am I responsible for? God cannot call me in a circumstance where my words are not effective. Then what am I responsible for? The responsibility is the understanding that father I'm coming to you. You gave me this child. You gave me this daughter, I have the right to go on my knees and pray for them and you will hear my prayer. You've given me, brothers and sisters, I can pray for them and you will hear my prayer. It's the power that's been given to the believers. What is adoption? It's just the greater responsibility. It's the understanding that the father's signature is just good as my signature. But it doesn't come without character. Because if we got because outside of character, it will be power without character. What he wants us to understand is we have been trained and given the power to speak the word. What word are we speaking? Is the responsible word of God that we can speak what he desires for us to speak. Because remember when Jesus got to that place, the word said that he spoke nothing until the father showed him. How are we going to be effective if we don't understand our responsibility? But when I'm said that I believe it's in the message total deliverance if we are part of a body or a part of the church if the church has a rule if a church says that we should not play a a a games or deco card or whatever it said then everybody has to have the responsibility to do the same. Amen. Why? Because and let me say this it's just burning in my heart. We move together as a unit. We move together as a body. We act as a body. That's when we are at our most efficient place. It's the understanding that we've been called to be our differences matter not. Whatever we came from, that doesn't matter. What matter is God places you together. I I I think about you. You read so many books that talk about Abraham Lincoln and George Washington and all of them. I I I I think so much about those that follow those men. How many gave their life because they believe what those people said. Often time the victory is attributed to the leader. But there were those that heard it and took responsibility and laid down their lives. But if we are those that oh my voice is not being heard then I'm not part of it. What? No. The word of God is our voice. The word of God is what we go with. If it's the word we move forward. It doesn't matter where who spoke it, where it came from. If God speaks, we go. We we we buckle up together. If one is being attacked, the whole church is behind them. Amen. To get them back. Amen. We we can't come and not know. We we wonder have we haven't seen for weeks and days and we don't know what happened to them. Oh, maybe they're back. I knew they were going to do that. What kind of body would that be? What kind of army would that be? Imagine you go back to the camp after going to fight. You come back. Where's such and such? I don't know. He must have been captured. Really? it's not going to be effective. The effectiveness comes from the fact that we have responsibility one for another. We have responsibility where God puts us. I was fellowshipping with brother David and this uh just was on my heart and I was thinking about how you know the word the end time word is such so wonderful and the prophet comes in the end time and he he remember the the the man was under the bondage of denominations. there they were bondage to the home churches and denomination and whatever the church did and whatever the church says that's what they had to believe and and anytime they they were afraid even afraid to believe something outside of what the church believed and therefore barbanam he cried out against all of those things to show you that your your your loyalty or your belief is what God has done not what the church in in other words he's trying to free you from the denomination spirit from the church spirit from uh being bound and and and he wanted you to be free and and he wanted that's why he made a statement he says often time people take people to church instead instead of taking them to Christ what was he trying to show it was Christ that we are focusing on we are not focusing on the church but I believe with that came people that felt like they have not to answer to any man except God himself and not to be effective or useful for any part of the body. It's just between me and God and nobody else. No, it was so we can come and form the perfect union. what the denomination hindered, what the denomination lacked, God was calling us so we can come and be that perfect church, the type of that perfect church, the perfect church that carry one for another, the perfect body that really functioned the way it was supposed to be. On the day of Pentecost, they sold everything that they had and put the money together. That's how much they care for. They wanted to be together every day. They lived together. They they were there every time. In fact, that's why God after they received the Holy Spirit, he had to spread them across the world because if it was up to them, they would have stayed together. But the gospel had to go on. So, we have to understand it. It's the father's desire that we can come and be part of the work of God. And it doesn't matter whether it's this church or any place wherever you are. You want to be an effective member of God's body. But when I makes this statement, I'll just read it quickly and then I'll get back to if I could find it. body. I've been called to be part of the body of Christ. But when I'm the scripture was speaking Genesis chapter 14 and speaking of Abraham going after Lot. If you go and read it and go searching, it says that Abraham only had 318 men. 318. and he went and fought against four kings with their armies combined to get Lot back. Now, I want you to just stay with me for a moment. If Abraham has had really reason what he was trying to do, he would have never set foot out of outside of his tent. If it was really conscious of what was happening, he was never going to go after. He was going to try to send somebody and negotiate and figure out a way to do it from his tent. But Abraham understood that Lord Lot was his responsibility. He understood that God when I left my country, I left with Lot. Lot is part of me. And therefore, even though they separated, even though Lot took what he thought was the best, when Lot was in trouble, Abraham went after Lot. He didn't think it. He didn't reason it. He all he knew was Lot was in danger. He was taken. Abraham went after. And because he had the responsibility over Lot, he understood that. that gave him the power to defeat the four kings and their armies. I really want us to understand the what you your responsibility your word has power when you have responsibility over something. Your word can make the difference when you have power over something. When you speak over, you know, it's like my children, you know, they they grow up and then they get through age and you know, they what they used to do is just eat and run upstairs and everything. So we told them, well, from now on after you eat, you got to clean the table. You got to pick up everything. You got to do Oh, training. You know, at first it was a chore, but after a while they began to enjoy it because it gives them, they understand it's a responsibility. Now if one runs out, the other reminds them, hey, we have a responsibility. we got to clean up. When they wake up in the morning before they go to school, they remind, oh, we have a responsibility to fix our beds. It's an empowering. It it it's not a burden, but it's gladness. It's power. It's an opportunity to serve. It's an opportunity to demonstrate what's within the heart. It's an opportunity to show that I'm part of something. Amen. But when I'm said this and I thought and and I'm I'm where did I get this this I was reading I was listening to the message a man running uh from the presence of God and it really hit me in a way that it never hit me before. I've listened to it before, but it really touched me in a manner that I never. So, he says this in a man running away, a man running from the presence of God. Paragraph 42, he says, "Now many of you um he talks about let me let me skip and let me start uh uh let me just start here." Says, he says, "Now the word of the Lord came to uh Jonah, the son of Amatia, saying, arise and go to Nineveh." If you can start in paragraph 42, he says uh the great city and cry out against them. Then Josh then uh Jonah rise up and and he flee to Tarses and uh from the presence of the Lord and went down to Jopa and found the sheep that uh that was going to Tarses and he paid a fair thereof and went down into it and go uh and and got to them in Tarses from the presence of the Lord. He says Barbanam says this paragraph 43. Isn't that sad ending? A man running from the presence of the Lord. That's my subject. It says the first we want to think of Jonah in this. It says the reason the principal reason I believe that he did this great thing here was because Jonah was a Jew and he was it was asked to go to the gentile city and cry out against it thinking it would not be received because Gentile will think what's this Jew uh got to do with us. But see you see another thing uh it gives us great thing here. See, God, it says that God not only is the God of Jew, but he's also the God of Gentile, is God of all people. So, here's the prophet speaking. So, there is God is sending you. And I want you to put yourself tonight in in in Jonah's shoes. So, he's he's being sent to a people that were not Jew. They were not Jews to begin with. He began to think about the rejection. So, you are here sitting here. You've received the message of the hour. And with that message comes a responsibility. You got to share it. You got to spread it. You got to tell others. You are the light of the world. You are. So everywhere you present yourself, there's something about you. Whether you want it or not, whether you believe it or not, there's something about you that's different from any other man. So God is wanting to use you. But the first thing that's coming in my mind is these people are not even my people. these people, they are, you know, they I'm afraid I'm going to be rejected. Jonah, he's thinking about things that is that are going to happen even before they happen. What if they reject me? He he he felt like he was not the right person for the job. Well, if these people are Gentile, then find a Gentile and send it to them. At least the gentile has something in common with him. I have nothing in common. I these people are drug dealers. These people are this and they are faith and I I I never smoke all that in my life. How am I what am I going to testify to them? He had all the excuses and the reason Job he didn't make sense to him because he was a Jew. He wanted the Gentile to go. the people he says people that he felt they didn't have much in common with. It was such an awkward situation. He felt he was not the good person for the job. But yet he was elected for that job. And the prophet said, "If God elected you for the job, there is nobody on earth that can do it." You can run, but you can't hide. You can run, but it's going to find you and you're going to do the job. So, it's either we do it the easy way or we do it the hard way. When he's all said and done, you're still going to do the job. That's the moral of the story. So, here he is giving excuses. Oh, I can't go to these people. I have nothing in common with them. They won't receive me. I in fact, you know, I've heard it say that he wanted them to be destroyed. That's why he didn't want to go because they were in conflict with the Jew. He said, "Well, if I don't go, that means God is going to punish them. I won't go so God can punish them." Really? But he's God over all people. It was Jonah's responsibility to show up. Just like it's your job to show up every time you show up at your work. It's your job to show up everywhere you go to school. It's your job to show up. You just show up. God will take care of the rest. I think sometimes we think taking the the the word of God to the world means you go there and you stand there, you begin. It it doesn't even mean that sometimes. Sometimes it means somebody will come and they will just start talking about oh you know I have this one is sick and they'll just begin to to to talk about whatever is going on and you can just step in and then say that you know what I know a God who can do something about that. I I know a God who's a healer. You know I I I I I I was in that same situation as you were. I was stuck. I didn't know how to get off of this. I I was also bound. I didn't know how to get. But one day, God touched me. One day something. That's what God wants us. He wants us to be the light of the world. So when the world is propagating darkness, God has somebody who's going to bring light to it. That's my responsibility. And we need to wear it gladly. It's not something to be sad about. It's a joy. Oh, to know that I'm air coair with Jesus. to know that the works that Jesus did I can do also. To know that I have the power to impart salvation. To know that I can speak the word and my word will have an impact. But if the devil will work on you and start to tell you, you're not good enough for the job. Remember what you did last night. Remember such and such and such. No, we do all that we can to be what? to be a clean vessel, a prepared vessel. But at the end of the day, it's God who has control over everything. Amen. He didn't call us, clean us, washed us, and fill us for us to just sit around. He's given us a job to do. Amen. What says paragraph 46 it says Jonah here was called on and as this was a minor prophet of the Bible to go down into the city and then it says and here we find an example of us all every one of us we always are running from something we run from trouble we run from responsibilities we are all prone prone to do that. We are all more prone to run than we are to stand and face it out. We find ourselves running. Sometimes we find ourselves running prone to run from work. We don't want to do it. We don't want to work. Some people just find uh thinks they can they can make their living without working. But I think Solomon, it was he that said that we could find here the answer. He says, "Watch the end." Paragraph paragraph 46, it says, "When we come to choose your wife, you get married with or choose a husband, you've got a you got to take a responsibility when you you must remember that." They said you must remember maybe you build your home. It's a nice pretty home. And then remember as a married woman, you got to think of the responsibility of raising children. You got to think of them pretty slick. Um, it says remember them pretty sleek wall is going to have a little dirty handprint over them. It says then you take you got to take responsibility of the education of the children. You got to take responsibility of the clo clothing and feeding. Everything is a responsibility. Everything we can't run away from it. I trust we can embrace that responsibility tonight and say that I'm glad God called me. Amen. I'm glad to be part of the army. I'm going to do my part. You know, I was thinking about when I'm talking about this uh slave that was taken from Africa and brought and he lost his family. He lost his country. Didn't know where he was. But that he said that man that slave remember that he was a son of a king and wherever he found himself he conducted himself like a son of a king. He never forgot his responsibility. He didn't go to job say well I work for an unbeliever. I might as well not conduct myself right. He didn't say well this person doesn't treat me right. Therefore, I'm not going to treat them right. Also, he didn't say, "Oh, they're killing people. They're not treating people right. Therefore, I'm going to stay I'm going to do wrong by them." You go and you read, he conducted himself the best way possible. But talks about uh uh Joseph, yeah, he was sold by his own brethren. Sold. But wherever he find himself, whether he was in the house of Piphar, whether he was in jail, whether he was next to Pharaoh, his conduct was spotless. Why? He had a responsibility not to the unbeliever, but to the God that was inside of him. Our responsibility is not to the unbeliever. In fact, the scripture says when you do it, you do it as if you were doing it unto God. How are you going to attract? How are you going to cause somebody to look? It's by your conduct. It's by doing those things that someone will look and say, "Well, I'm treating everybody wrong, but how come this one seems to just not be affected?" I'm calling everybody names, but he's not affected. I'm paying everybody less, but he's not affected. It's not working for you. It's working for God. See, that's where we become the salt of the earth. That's when we understand the very responsibility we have been given. Because trust me, it's not the boss that's taking care of you. It's God who's taking care of you. It's not your job that's providing for you. It's God who's providing for you. When you have a need, it's not your boss that's going to take care of it. It's God who's going to take care of it. I'm a Christian, the most privileged position to be called in this generation, but am I living according to my responsibility? Not responsibility in the bad sense, but God, with this election, there's something beating on my heart to do a work for you. There's something beating in my heart to be part of a body where I can be effective, where I can do something that would reflect that this one has been saved. This one, something has happened to them. This one is not doing it because of men. He's doing it because he's a heartbeat in him that's wanting to reflect something that's happened to him. See, the challenge is we are not pretty purged up. We come to a a disagreement and all of the sudden and this one runs this way, that one runs and and all of the sudden some are looking a far off to just criticize. Oh, that's not done right. That's not said right. That's not a Well, maybe the reason why you see it's not done right so you can come and help. Maybe it's the wrong key so you can come and help. I don't want to be a spectator in the house of God. I want to be a contributor. One who that David said, I will dwell in the house of the Lord all the day of my life. I will I will look upon him. I will come. Why? Because David knew that there was a benefit into being that kind of place. They knew that if I'm part of the body of Christ, that's how I can become effective. Not when I do on my own. When I become part of something greater that God is doing, that's when we are more effective. If the musician could come says, "And it's so easy when the responsibility face up to shrink from them." And we find out that mar that marriage is a responsibility in all manners. Even many times we find out this is a hard to say but it's true. But that ministers uh ministers it says many times they shrink that they sherk a responsibility to stand for the truth of the word of God. When they are confronted with it they sherk that responsibility. It says when the truth of the word of God of the word of God is brought face to face with a human being, we are prone to sherk back until the last resource. That's the nature. That's what a pastor preached on resistance. There's this resistance every time. But I believe the power lies in the responsibility. Moses knew that he had a responsibility. He stood there. The burning bush told him. And because Moses believed the burning bush, he was ready to lay down his life for it. The question is, are we ready to lay down our lives for it? Because if it's the truth, then we have to be willing to lay down our lives. We have to be willing to give everything. We have to be willing to stand there and say that God called me. God talked to me. It doesn't matter whether it's sickness. It doesn't matter whether it's confusion. It doesn't matter what it is. I will stand here and I have been given power to cast that devil down. I have been given as member of this body. as member when one is attacked when my family is attacked I as a father because God gave me responsibility over my children over my wife I have the right to speak a word that's where the victory lies not in running but in coming forth in confronting it in standing against it it's fighting it's standing there and knowing that the position was not given given to me by I, you know, I love when I every time I watch those uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know, rednecks and constitution lovers, you know, I just they said, "My rights was not given to me by United State. It was given to me by God." At least they know something. But here we are power. It says that you shall be endued with power from above. In fact, it comes in the same time. He says, "I call you no more church. I call you bride." He comes and he talks about the manifestation sons in the end time. He comes, he talks about adoption at the end time. For what? It's a responsibility. A change in responsibility. So that the works that I do, ye shall do also. But how are we going to do the work if we don't take the positioning? If every time something comes up, we feel like, you know, it's almost like me on Tuesday, my phone ringing and me looking, it's Brother David. Should I answer? It's our position to fight. It's our position to be part of the body. Let Let me just find this. Let me read this in closing. Maybe you can help me find this if you can stand tonight. But when I'm talks in God's provided way, it says that I love this. It says I have it somewhere, but I couldn't find it. But you can find it there. Preaching 550513. It says, "Attend your church. Be real loyal. Just stand by your church. Stand by your pastor. Help him with everything you got. Give him spiritual support. Fast and pray for him. And have faith in him. And God will lead the church to that glorious day where we are looking for him to come. We are looking forward to come. It's our responsibility. If we're going to be effective, we're going to have to function as a body. We're going to be have to function together. One needing another, one one waiting for another. One needing another and the other being there to help. All of us working together in order for us to make it. Let's just bow our heads tonight. Our gracious father, I just had this on my heart, Lord. And called to be a light in the end time, Lord. I just thought you've called us to be, Father, a responsible group of people, Lord. And Lord, and I believe everyone gathered here tonight has a desire within his heart. I pray father that where we fell short may you help us Lord and father where we fail to understand what you're trying to do Lord and help us understand oh God and your prophet will say in this message we need understanding we need understanding for without understanding then we wouldn't know what to do Lord come and lead us oh God and father let us take our positions and stand on the wall and fight. Let us know that we've been elected to be part of your army and stand with our sword ready to go to battle, Lord. And Father, help us come into the place where you you've called us where we care one for another, where we go after one another, where Lord, the the body where everybody supplies the need. Then we understand, Father, that we are all called to be part of this one great army that you're building, Lord God, that if there be any sick among us, Lord, that they will feel the prayer of the saints come over them and they will be healed. And Father, where we go and we can lay one one day our hands one on another, not just by commission, but with the love of God within our hearts to do the works which you have called us to do. Forgive us if we've just played church or if we lack the understanding, but bring us into a place, Father, where this understanding is forefront in our mind. We love you and commit, Father, what we've said into your hands and pray that Lord, then help us. I lift my hands tonight and say just just come by my way Lord and let your word just have a place in my heart tonight that I may be Lord one even receive the very word that I have preached to say that Lord strengthen us oh God and lead us to a place where you want us to be we commit everything we are and ask all of these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray amen let's just sing that amen Amen. Oh Jesus. Oh and all for [Music] Jesus. Oh and all I am and have. Oh, and amen Jesus. All for Jesus. [Music] [Music] and all. [Music] I [Music] [Music] surrender and wishes. and I [Music] For it's [Music] only for you know that I free for his glory. [Music] You're free [Music] Jesus. All for [Music] Jesus. [Music] Amen. Thank you for the word of God tonight. I what a wonderful word that we heard. And I say we ought to just rejoice and just take a moment to worship the Lord and to ask God to move upon us in our lives that we could be better doers, not just a hearer of it. But I say, I Lord, I want to be a doer of the word. Lord, I I just don't want to go from here tonight and say, "Oh, that was just a good sermon." And go back. But let's let the word have an effect on us. And let's just while we just worship a little longer, would that be okay? We just worship the Lord and let's just let's allow the spirit to water that word into our heart that it could h have a have an effect on us. Amen. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that [Music] I Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your You have led me from the fire in your mind. You are most [Music] like you as a father. [Music] I know you as a friend and I have you in the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have [Music] me all my life. You so so good. Every breath that I [Music] am, I will sing of the goodness. I love your voice. I love you. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are the [Music] most. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. [Music] the good news of [Music] God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am, I will speak of the goodness of God. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over heart and mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I seek Jesus. Then I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark condition starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I sing Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name [Music] is break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. [Music] [Applause] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fearful anxiety. [Music] For every soul held captive by oppression. Oh, I see [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is he. our [Music] name. Break every stronghold shine through the shadow burn. [Music] Oh sh Jesus from mountain. Oh [Music] Jesus. Jesus in the [Music] darkness. Jesus for my family. Oh I speak the holy name of Jesus. Go shout Jesus from now. Shout it tonight. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Oh Jesus in the dark for every Jesus for my family. Oh, I speak the holy name of [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is king. [Music] Your name is break every [Music] stri that weren't with us, those that are sick, the prayer requests that were turned in. And you know, if you see somebody or let me say it this way, if there's somebody you wanted to see and you didn't see them, reach out to them. Give them a call. Let them know you're thinking about them. Um, many times those thoughts come to our mind and we dismiss it or we don't act on it. And that could be God moving in you to help somebody in a time of need. So, let's just look upon our needs of one another. Amen. [Music] Lord Jesus, how you spoke to my heart tonight, Lord. I'm I'm grateful, Lord. I'm thankful for the the presence this evening, Lord. It's Lord, it's just what I needed tonight, Lord. Lord. And if it wasn't for anyone else, Lord, I know it was for me, Lord. And I just know how the enemy just tried to keep us from being here this evening, Lord. So much going on in our lives, Lord. But but you made a way, Lord. And I'm grateful for that, Lord. I thank you. And Lord, I just thank you for the Lord, just the ability to be able to to hear your voice this evening, [Music] Lord. Can't deny, Lord, that it was you speaking tonight, Lord, to your people, Lord. And Lord, we just need you to just to move on the scene, Lord. and and all the requests, Lord, behind the uplifted hands, Lord, behind the ones that Lord may not even been able to, Lord, just say it or but you know the thoughts, Lord. You know the hearts, Lord. And just ask that Lord that we can rise up to Lord our responsibilities, Lord. take take responsibility, Lord, for the the things that you put in our lives, Lord. And Lord, it's just a a blessing, Lord, to hear just the encouraging words tonight, Lord. I'm just so grateful. And Lord, I just ask that you would bless each one that came out tonight, Lord. The ones that are maybe traveling, Lord, that couldn't be here and Lord, that desire to be here, Lord, but you know each heart, Lord. each each person what they're going through, Lord. And we just lift it up to you and to your hands, Lord. And we just know that you're more than able, Lord, to meet each need and take care of each one, Lord. So, we just ask that you would not just be here this evening with with us, Lord, but go with us, Lord. Lord, strengthen us, Lord. Lord, encourage us even more, Lord, that we can encourage somebody, Lord, that may be struggling, Lord, may be hurting, may be lost, Lord, just just may need a just one word, Lord, just to turn them back to you. And Lord, just we just love you, Lord. We thank you and just ask that you would just continue to move, Lord, in in this building tonight, Lord. We just commit it all to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I maybe as our dismissal, let's sing uh keep on the firing line as brother Billy was ministering. You know, we we got to fight. We got a responsibility and we got to go to battle now. So, let's stay on the fire firing line. Amen. Well, if you're in the battle for the Lord and God, you are dismissed. Keep on the fire and light. Oh, and if you and my brother should fight. Oh, keep on the fire line. There are many dangers that be on the street by fire. [Music] So deep on the fire. You must fight. Oh, you must fight against fall. You will never even know if you not just keep on. Oh, and God will only use a soldier he can trust. All right, let's stop. Hold on. Hold on. I You forgive me for this, but I really like to sing this song a lot faster. So, since you all stayed here, let's just sing it a little bit faster because uh Come on. Let's I'm I'm in a battle here and I'm marching. So, let's get going here. All right. Come on. Well, God will only use a soldier he can trust. Oh, keep on the fire line. And if you wear a crown, then near the cross, you must keep on the fire. is what the labor for the [Music] [Music] master for your service. Oh, keep up the fire and rival. Hallelujah. You must find [Music] way back if you were [Music] there. Just keep on the fire line. [Music] When we get to heaven, brother, we'll [Music] be on the fire. Oh, and how will we praise the Lord for the calling and oh the [Music] fire we see the souls that we have. Oh Jesus the path of sin. Oh sh we will all mar the fire line. Oh you must fight. You must [Music] all right. Just keep on the fire. Oh, and some morning. Oh, in this life is over. We'll fight. Oh, [Music] tomorrow. We'll find away. Oh my [Music] god. Hallelujah. [Music] Just a few more happy days and just more I can [Music] high God. How great is his word? [Music] Help me sing that. It's an old one. How great is our God? How great is he? Help me sing [Music] it. How great is God? [Music] and every was heard. He rolled back the waters of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "Put your trust in me. How great is that? [Music] How great is his word? He's the greatest one that was heard. Oh, he ruled by the Lord of the mighty men see. And he said, "I will lead you. [Music] How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was heard. See the waters of the mighty Red Sea. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Fing. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music]
