################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - [2025-07-23wed] [60-0723] Speak To The Rock And It Shall Give Forth His Water - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-23
Title:   [2025-07-23wed] [60-0723] Speak To The Rock And It Shall Give Forth His Water
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kfs8TNwO0JA
========================================

Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Let's all stand and sing now. Oh, there up the road. You may take one by one faith. Oh, and take the word of God. Oh, what you see, what you believe is what will be. Set your wings to the wind of fame. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace to live to the winds of faith. Oh, and watch your name. Watch your cry. Watch your mountain. Oh, I speak the word of God. And by and by, oh, you will move. Oh, you fly [Music] to me. through the wings of [Music] do not struggle. It's by grace set your way [Music] to the winds of faith. Oh, and watching go in the sky. It has my struggle. It has hallelujah. Oh, and for the power that makes it around [Music] the sky. Oh, say to me, [Music] "Oh, where do you find My good struggle. It's my grace. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing that last verse again. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a watching [Music] in the sky. It has much struggle. It has much. Oh, and for the power that makes her. [Music] Oh, set your wings to the wings of [Music] Oh, it's my gra [Music] through the waves of fing. My bird of life sails on the trouble sea. Ever there's a way and my s my heavenly father he watches over me. Oh, and when the grace turns into [Music] I know the master of the rain. I know the maker of the rain. Oh, when he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. [Music] Oh, sometimes I saw a good eagle in the sky. Among the pigs, my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm [Music] from the heart. Oh my nobody will ever bring me. Hallelujah. I know the master of the Yes. I know. &gt;&gt; I know the maker of the earth. Oh, and the heat can come the stor again. [Music] Oh, I know the master. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I know. &gt;&gt; I know. [Music] Oh, and he can come the storm to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you know him tonight? Amen. The master of the wind. No matter what the trouble is. Amen. He can speak deep peace to your trouble. Amen. Amen. And we have a request up here. God bless you all. Sister Gladice, um he's asking for prayer for the Lord to provide a buyer for her home. She really need the house to get sold for family reasons. I say that God bless you all from Sister Raquel. Amen. It's good to see sister Raquel in church. And man, if you have a need upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him. Amen. He's certainly here to do according to his word. Amen. and the brothers that are taking the offerings if you could come. Brother Thiago, if you could just come and take this knees before the church. Amen. [Music] [Music] Let's bow our head. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Welcome everyone in the house of God this morning uh tonight. May I have your seats? Amen. It's good to be see. Oh, and the host of Israel led by God won the walls of Jero softly tri and trusted in the Lord. They felt the conquest. Oh, by faith the s of vtory are here. Oh victory ahead. Victory I through the blood of Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] We are here [Music] all [Music] [Music] my faith is glorious victory. Oh victory through the blood of Jesus. Victory. [Music] Oh my glory here. Oh, and your freedom to Christ is [Music] out to the lust. [Music] Oh my great [Music] victory. Oh victory through the blood of Jesus. I think [Music] I [Music] was [Music] on my [Music] victory. [Music] Oh, and victory. [Music] Oh, through the blood of Jesus. Victory. Oh, I trust in you. I hear the con. [Music] We are here and like those gone before to die. I know. I shall [Music] trust in you. I will not fear for my glory. Oh, and victory ahead. Oh, and victory ahead. Oh, through the blood of Jesus. Oh, I trust you. I hear the first by seeing high. Oh sh [Music] to me. Oh good to me. Oh you have this world. I'm singing Lord. Oh sh [Music] to me. Oh my Lord. Oh you should be good to me. Oh you have this world. Oh, you save my soul when I was Oh, you save my soul when I was you. Oh, you save my soul when I should be. [Music] I'm singing. Sh. [Music] [Music] [Music] You fill me with the Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost with the Holy Ghost Sh me with the Holy Ghost. Sh. [Music] [Music] Oh, you have you heal my body. Oh, you heal my body when I was test. Oh my. Oh my goodness. You have this [Music] Lord. Oh my. Oh my Lord. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, Jesus. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] see [Music] me. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] sing again. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so glad you're free tonight. Amen. Because of Calvary. Amen. Oh, let the rich say, "I am free." Oh, let the poor say I am free. Oh, let the blind say I can see. Oh, what the Lord have. &gt;&gt; Is that your testimony? Holy weak. Say I am strong. Oh, let go say I let go. Oh, I know what [Music] you Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh the river. Oh my s away. Oh from the mercy. Oh, the Savior [Music] to the foundation [Music] for Jesus just [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus Christ. Oh, [Music] you [Music] Jesus. Let's all stand and sing that second verse again. [Music] Oh, I will be for I see all those from the hand. [Music] Oh, and after savior. I will [Music] say I will sing my salvation Jesus Christ. [Music] Hanana [Applause] to the singanus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't he worthy of all praise and honor? &gt;&gt; Amen. We lift up praises. and he promised he who would inhabit the praises of his people. So we know that he's here and let's just bow our heads together as we approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for the time that you've granted us tonight, Lord, to fellowship around your word. Lord, we know that these days are coming to a close. And there's going to be a time, Lord, where we can't gather like this, Lord. And so while we have the opportunity, Lord, we want to grab it, Lord. We want to, Lord, seize the moment and realize, Lord, that you have something special for us. We pray that we could lay aside everything from the day or the week or the month or this year that's maybe tried to hinder us from serving you with all our heart. And Lord, may this be a special time, Lord, with the believers, Lord, that they can hear from heaven, Lord, that the word of God can echo back in a that theophony, Lord, the heart of the believer, Father, as we commit this time of fellowship, we invite you, Lord, break the bread of life, Lord, that we can leave here different, Lord. That we can leave here closer to you and more like you and more fit for your service. Lord, we just want to yield ourselves recognizing our inability. But Father, we know that if we just surrender ourselves, Lord, that your spirit can take control of every heart here. Lord, we committed to you. We pray your blessings upon your people in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, we're greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus and uh we're happy to be home. We we wanted to bring some greetings from uh our trip in Romania, Brother Cosman and uh the brothers there. We had a few services. Uh we had five services. There was uh four ministers that were able to take five services. We were part of a couple of them. And so, but we do bring the the love and greetings from um the uh Nazareth Tabernacle and uh brother Cosman, he sends his loves and greeting. The family there is doing well. We did suffer a little bit of light affliction while we were there. We had some sickness and things but but you know we can we can bring back and tell you that if if you preach the gospel in its purity and unadulterated brings forth the results of sons and daughters you know in divine fellowship. So, we're here to report to you that uh all is well and uh the the to see the hand of God using our brother to, you know, tie up where maybe fellowships had been broken and even testimonies of other pastors telling us how God has used our brother. And so, we just want to continue to remember them and uh in prayer and just uh we're so glad that we were able to have the opportunity and thank you for your prayers and support. So Lord bless you and we'll just uh just maybe uh share a little thought. We'll just go right to the word of God. I'm just trusting the Lord will lead here. Uh but I was listening to a message called Speak to the Rock today and uh I just I couldn't get away from it. I listened to it three four times and so uh we just trust that somehow it'll fall in line with what has been ministered here recently. I certainly enjoyed the the service about um you know lean not unto your own understanding. But we'll just read that scripture again. Proverbs chapter 3 just as we open and draw a little inspiration and maybe speak to you for a few minutes. But in uh Proverbs chapter 3 says this in verse one. My son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments. For length of days, and long life and peace shall they add to thee. Let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them about thy neck, and write them on the tables of thine heart. So shall thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man. Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding and in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. You may have your seeds. We trust the Lord will add a blessing to the reading of his word. You know, we just um we realize that if um we would just trust in the Lord and acknowledge him. You know, I think it's very important in this hour that not only are we professors of the message, we proclaim it, we believe it, but it's there comes a time where it's time to take possession of what God's given us. You know, the the gift of God is eternal life. And God, he he he purchased it for us, right? We had an inheritance. It was incorruptible, but it was bound up because of sin. But God, he came and manifested himself. The the the written word became the spoken word and then it became manifested in this hour to loose us of our unbelief. Amen. And so we see that if we can just acknowledge him and I thought that was a uh kind of a a key point. So the word acknowledge is is to accept or admit the existence of or a truth a truth of something. And and as brother David had read the quote about um in lean not into your own understanding how that the written word had no longer began uh was regarded as a resource of understanding you know and that's that's an interesting thing that even the the the spoken word has not even begun to be regarded. And I thought it was so special how the Lord led our pastor to to be inspired and line it up like we have a life coach and we want to be able to have the mindset to understand that God wants to speak to us every day, every moment of the day. And and and we we're not left without a guide. God's provided a way in this hour. And and that's through the message. And and God wants it to be such an individual affair. We don't want to pass the buck off to somebody else. But it's so personal that each one of us take our position. Amen. That's so important. If the body's going to work in harmony and unison, we all have the same headship. &gt;&gt; You know, we're we're under the tutorship of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And and and your part is very critical. And and if we're not faithful to go feed, then we'll be lagging as a body. So we we have an individual responsibility. Amen. So we don't want to just profess we believe the message, but we want to go into the storehouse and possess it. We want it to the challenges that we face in in the the struggles in life. We want it to to minister to us in a in a daily way, in a daily bread. As the struggle comes on, we want to be able to possess it and speak it and say, "This is mine. This is something that God gave me. &gt;&gt; It's personal to me. &gt;&gt; I mean, the struggle is real. People are going through sickness and oppression. There people without jobs. People need to sell their house. They have family. But but we're a people that God has given a promise. And we can not only profess the promise, but we can claim it as our own. God, you promised me. I'm going to possess the land that you gave me. I'm excited about it. You love me so much that you gave me this promise and now I can boldly go and walk into my inheritance &gt;&gt; because he he paid the price. &gt;&gt; It's there for the taking. &gt;&gt; We want to go and possess it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, we also want to trust in the Lord and acknowledge this is we want to acknowledge this has the power of transformation. &gt;&gt; Faith cometh by hearing. The seed and the potentials of God are laying within you. God has entrusted us to go and feed that seed, the word of God. The Holy Spirit does not feed on our fellowship. The Holy Spirit feeds on the word of God. &gt;&gt; So, we have a responsibility each and every one of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, you know, I just uh I'm going to say that um tonight we're just going to talk a little bit about this message. Speak to the rock and it'll bring forth his waters. You know, this message is so profound to me and I believe that we don't want to get to the place where we're leaning on our own understanding, &gt;&gt; right? We want revelation to be the thing that leads us that that we lean on, right? Understanding from the carnal side, it can fail. But when it's revelation and it's understanding from God, that's you can trust that. Trust in the Lord and lean not to your own understanding. Amen. So, you know, we just probably going to take a moment and listen to a message and I want you to make note of the certain promises. You know, it's so amazing how the carnal mind is at immity with the spirit of God. But you can see through the Old Testament and different interactions that Brother Brandham's going to talk about. We're going to play a portion of tape. But listen, how it seemed like a setup, you know, when Moses and the children of Israel looked like they were going into a death trap, right? And so what what I want us to start recognizing is uh and I know many of you do. I'm just saying this for me, I I was so blessed thinking about how so many times I lean towards the carnal side, but I believe that God wants us to look beyond what we can see with our natural eye and take this faith &gt;&gt; by the word of promise and overcome. Amen. So, so I believe that um you know as we we we listen to this message, maybe you can take note of some of the promises, you know, where it seemed like the the believer was uh set up for a trap, but listen how that they were able to possess and go to the rock and speak to the rock and watch it have a relationship with this rock, Christ Jesus. And that's what revelation does. It brings us into relationship with God. Amen. So maybe I'll say this. You we want to I I'm a professor, but I want to be a possessor. Amen. So we want to transition. Not only are we constantly believing and speaking, I'm a believer and I'm this and that. But one of these days, you know, when it just becomes I'm so desperate, I can't have anything else. I got to have God &gt;&gt; manifested in my life. Yes sir. &gt;&gt; But uh this message speak to the rocket in in paragraph 65. This is about halfway. It says if God made a promise, God gave the promise. &gt;&gt; You believe it. I don't care what it takes. It's yours. &gt;&gt; Fight the devil on every ounce of ground he stands on. Walk over and take it. Take the sword of the word. &gt;&gt; God's promise is true. Nothing can stop them. They're God's promises. He gave us the promise of that just like he did the children of Israel, the Pentecostal church that has come to this Kadesh Barnea, their Kadesh Barnea. Are we able? Can we do it? Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can we walk up there and take a hold of the pro God's promise and say, "It's true. I claim it. It's mine. &gt;&gt; I own it. God gave it to me. &gt;&gt; That's what we want to do. We want to take possession of our promise. &gt;&gt; We want to go to the enemy and say, "This is my ground." &gt;&gt; Your loved ones, &gt;&gt; you know, God God promised to protect us, to make provision. He's promised a way of escape in the temptations, whatever you're going through. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I like it. in 84 or in ' 87 he says like old Buddy Robertson's testimony he says Lord give me a backbone the size of a saw log and plenty of knowledge in the gable end of my soul and let me fight the devil as long as I got one tooth left and then gum him till I die what we need is courage we not a wishbone but a backbone a real spiritfilled heart filled with the Holy Ghost sanctified by the blood of Jesus Christ, living a life, &gt;&gt; walking in the path of God, keeping his commandments, claiming every promise of God as our own property. &gt;&gt; Even the young people, the old people, girls, boys, if you're a believer, you can claim your promise. &gt;&gt; It's your property. &gt;&gt; Speak to the rock and watch it bring forth its waters. &gt;&gt; Amen. 101. It says God called Moses and Aaron into the presence and came down in the shikina glory and blessed them. God told the prophet, he said, "Speak the speak to the rock." Amen. In the midst of their sin. You know, I want you to listen to this and it don't matter what sin is hindering you. Speak to the rock &gt;&gt; and watch God bring forth his promise. brothers, if you can play this portion of tape and then right after we'll probably just turn it right over to brother Billy. Lord bless you. I know this is a long tape. It's 45 minutes or so, but I want you to glean. This is the hour that we want to take possession. And I don't think I I just felt in my heart it would be better for you to receive it direct. this specific thing. I I I just really feel like it it aligns with the way that our carnal mind brings our own understanding. But the things that we're going through in life, God has for ordained that the faith of God can move in you and you'll overcome. &gt;&gt; Brothers, please uh I believe the tape begins in 32 and then it'll go right to paragraph uh 158. God bless you as we listen to brother Brandham if if we've already stood for the scripture, but he's going to read out of Numbers 20 and so I'm sure it'll be a blessing to you and uh maybe we can compare notes afterwards. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Now, you love him with all your heart. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just fine. My I feel real religious to start with tonight. We want to read out of the book of numbers. You are keeping down. Then came the children of Israel, even the whole congregation into the desert of Zen in the first month. And the people charred in Kadesh. And uh wait a minute, I got my the first month. And the people abode in Kadesh. And Mariam died there and was buried there. And there was no water for the congregation. And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron. And the people shouted with Moses and spake, saying, would God that we had died when our brethren died before the Lord? And why have you brought up the congregation of the Lord into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die there? And wherefore have you made us to come out of Egypt to bring us into this evil place? It is no place of seed or of fig or of vine or a pomegranate. Neither is there any water to drink. And Moses and Aaron went forth from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and fell upon their faces. And the glory of the Lord appeared unto them. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes, and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth them water out of the rock, so that so thou shalt give the congregation and their beast dream. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his word. And now I want to take far a text out of there an old scripture fell on my mind when I seen brother no of a a message that I used to speak on many many years ago. kind of forgotten most of it. What I used as a context, but I'm sure the Holy Spirit will reveal it to me as I go along. A subject is tonight, speak to the rock, and it shall give forth its waters. Give forth his waters. You notice it shall give forth his water. It shall give forth his water. It must have been a hot morning. Everybody was all confused and flusterated because all night long the cattle had balled and the the children had cried and the people had fussed and argued and quarreled. Poor Moses. It was a dreadful time for him. You see, he had come down into Egypt and had brought the children out according to the promise of God and was leading them to the promised land, a land flowing with milk and honey with a promise of God to protect them and to supply everything they had need of until they reached this glorious land flowing with milk and honey. Moses, a God called servant, ordained prophet, pillar of far over him, following him, confirming the words that he spoke with, but signs and wonders on his road to the promised land with the children. A very definitely antype or type rather of the journey today. We are on our road to the promised land and we are being led by the great Holy Spirit as they was led in the natural. We are led in the spiritual to this great promised land that God made the promise and gave to us. God had promised them to supply all their needs. But their carnal minds had taken them out of the divine will of God and had given them a desert route. That's a whole lot of it today. That's what's the matter with many of our churches. They've taken the carnal intellectual route and it's been cut off the supplies of God's blessings of healing and power and the baptism of the Holy Ghost and have took the desert route. Therefore, we have arguings and fusses and stews and complaints. But those who are still remaining in the way, it's joy unspeakable and full of glory with God with his pillar aar over them with power, with joy, with signs and wonder. How the real born again church is moving on to the promised land. the promise of eternal life. A land flowing with eternal life where there's no more sickness, death, sorrow, nor nothing to harm. Now, but when carnal minds begin to come among them, it finally drove them off the main path into the desert. They made their fatal mistake when they failed to go on. They were on their journey. Not very many miles. They could have made it in a few days. with all this 2 million people out into the desert if they had have stayed on the path. But when they come to a place called Kadesh Barnea, Kadesh Barnea at one time I'm told was a great judgment seat. It says a great spring or well there many little wells, a perfect hype of the church. The church is the judgment seat where heaven is a great judgment seat of God. And the little wells represent the little churches all out. And judgment begins at the house of God. See, here's where the judgment begins. That's why I don't see why so many complain that I speak too hard and try to uh make people straighten up and tell them the way they're living, the way they're dressing, and tell me I'm hurting my ministry. When the judgment seat is the house of God. That's right. Here's where it's to begin at. Right here where justice and righteous and judgment of God is to go forth from the pulpit. Now, when they got there, they camped. God had been good to them. Showed them many great wonders and signs down in Egypt on their journey. He had prepared everything for them. But still, they had to come to this place which was almost in sight of the promised land. just a little while after they had left. And when they got to this place, Moses took a man out of each tribe and sent him over into Canaan to spy out the land. We're all acquainted with the story how they come to two of them up to Jericho and how the harlot had hid the spies and so forth and all. When they went into the land, they searched it out to see if they the promise was right. When they returned back, they brought bunches of grapes that had taken two men to pack one bunch of grapes. I've often thought, if a land with a curse on it would grow that kind of grapes, what will it be when the curse is taken off? What a bunch of grapes it'll be. Oh my. I I I just get a little foretaste of it once in a while. I was preaching here not long ago. I was thinking this morning, I do a lot of slobbering, you know, I guess when I'm preaching, but I've been eating some of them grapes that's been brought back and it kind of causes me to slobber a little, you know, like a horse eating clover. So then when we when they come back, they brought this great bunch of grapes and they all gathered before the congregation of the large and they brought a report. Oh, God has told the truth. The land is flowing with milk and honey. It's a good land. It's a land of steed. It'll grow anything. Oh, it's a wonderful place. We got plenty of water and rivers and irrigations and everything to make a great nation. But oh, the the Amorites and the Hatites and the all the others are there. Some of them are giants and we look like little grasshoppers. And when they begin to say that all the strength left the children of Israel, they begin to cry and to scream. They had left Egypt and come up all these things and that had taken place. But there was two out of the whole 12 of them. There were two that had confidence. Rest of them said, "We can't do it. We just can't go any farther. We're it's impossible for us to meet that kind of people." But Caleb and Joshua said, "We are more than able to take it." Why was it? The others, the one with the intellectual part, was looking at what the giants look like. But Caleb and Joshua was looking at the promise that God had given. Now, it all depends on what you're looking at. There's people sitting here tonight that was in wheelchairs a night or two ago. They're up walking around now. It depends on what you look at. If you look at your affliction, you'll never go any farther. But if you look at the promise of God, you got a right to every redemptive blessing that God promised in his word is yours. &gt;&gt; Right? The Christian always looks at the unseen thing. Every redemptive blessing of God is unseen. The here's the whole armor of the Christian. love, joy, faith, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. It's all unseen forces at works in the heart of a believer. Amen. That's right. We look at things we do not see. If we're the children of Abraham, then we don't walk by sight. We walk by faith. For Abraham walked by faith and called those things which were not as though they were, because God said so. Now, Joshua had no way of knowing he could take that city. Caleb had no way of knowing it. But here's how they believed it. Because God said, "I have given you this land. I've got an angel that'll go before you. My take heed that you don't despise him because my name is in him. He won't pardon your sins. He'll carry you across the the fireplace. He'll ruffle up your feathers. He'll He'll do things for you. But remember, follow him. He'll lead you to the promised land. But don't despise him. Don't reject him. Believe him. Now, and then we noticed in in the journey, Joshua had found out that he'd seen that great God living there in that pillar of fire had performed all kinds of miracles. He and Caleb had seen that. And they had confidence that God would keep his word. Watch God. Way down in Egypt, I've given you the land. Now go and possess it. God's given every sick person in here divine healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Every one of you. Jesus was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. It's yours. But you'll have to fight forever. It's you for that. Everywhere the soul to your feet travels, God told Joshua Joshua, I have given you. Footprint means possession. Let's move in tonight. Amen. Let's go in. Footprint is possession. Let's take every inch of ground that God giveth. If you haven't got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Peter said, "The promise is unto you and to your children, to them as far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Put Prince his possession. Let's go get it. our Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's possess it. The works that I do shall you do also. Let's possess it. It's God's promise. Don't look at the circumstances. Don't look how hard it is. Let's possess the land. We'll have a meeting. Like this morning we were having a meeting there and the Holy Ghost falling in the place the people screaming shouting praising the Lord and then some one come up and said pray for me brother Random I laid your hands on him and prayed for him I said now go and believe now here's what it is it's easy to feel the power of God to see it when you believe but then when it comes to the showdown are you able to possess the thing that you profess to have that's the thing brethren We've got to get it. We've got to take it. It's ours. But you'll fight for every inch. Joshua wave fought every inch of ground from one end of the country to the other. But he had a promise. God said, "I'll give it to you." Amen. &gt;&gt; Whether there's giants, whether there's atheists, whether there's infidels, whether there's cold farm oral churches, what difference does it make? God gives us [Applause] our it belongs to us. is our possession. Let's go get it. Don't be afraid. Don't stand back. Say, "Well, I believe the days of miracles has passed." Oh, I don't know. Don't do that. That don't look like a child of Abraham. No matter how far along the promise seemed to hold out, well, it went on for 25 years. But instead of Abraham getting weaker, he got stronger all the time. For you know, it would be a greater miracle all the time. And we'll be prayed for one night and the next morning we still got a bad stomach. We say, "Maybe I never got the healing. That's gone through the line again." Oh, you call yourself a child of Abraham. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If God made the promise, God gave the promise, and you believe it, I don't care what takes place. It's short. Fight the devil on every ground he stands on. Walk over and take it. Take the sword of the word. God's promises is true. Nothing can stop them. They're God's promises. He give us the promise of that just like he did the children of Israel. The Pentecostal church has come to the Kadesh Barnea. Are we able? Can we do it? Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can we walk up there and take a hold of God's promise and say, "It's the truth. I claim it. I own it. It's mine. God gave it to me. How you going to do it?" I don't know. It's none of my business. Like I was preaching one time on Elijah and a man told me after the service, he said, "Now wait a minute, preacher. I believe that you're a more sane man than I actually believe them crows bought Elijah fish and bread." I said, "I believe it every word of it that the fish was fried and the bread was cooked." &gt;&gt; He said, "How do you where tell me then, my friend?" He was a Jehovah witness. He said, "Tell me then, my friend, where did those crows get that fried fish and baked bread?" I said, "That's not for me to question." It wasn't Elijah to have question. The only thing he know when he got hungry, the crows are sitting there bringing him the bread and fish and he eat it. I said, "That's the same thing about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I can't tell you where it comes from, how it gets there. I know it comes and I enjoy it. That's all I care about. I can't tell you how divine healing works. I can't tell you how a black cow can eat green grass and give white milk, but I drink it anyhow. I don't try to find the formula of it. I don't know what causes the Holy Ghost to fall in a meeting and people speak in tongues and prophesy. People jump up from the wheelchairs and sick gets healed. I can't tell you that. Only thing I know, God promised it and it's our possessions. They take it and go with it. They can't explain how far it is to the moon or how many molecules is in the atom. That's none of their business. But the only thing they know, God promised that they got it and enjoyed it. Amen. That's where they made their mistake. When they come to the judgment seat and brought back the evidence of a good land, I'm so glad that there was people years ago who approached through all the formalities and went up and possessed the land and got the evidence and come back that there's a land beyond the river. Amen. I'm so glad of that. Now, they made their fatal mistake when they began to murmur against Moses and against God's service and against God. And it bypassed them. And remember, every one of them that murmured never went over into the land. Jesus said when he was on earth, "Your fathers did eat man in the wilderness, but there are everyone dead." &gt;&gt; Right? But I am the bread of life that comes from God out of heaven, that a man can eat thereof and not die. Oh, I like that. Pass from death and life become a new creature in Christ Jesus. Carnality had cut off their spiritual supply. Carnality had cut off all their joy, all and they begin murmuring and fussing. They chuck them off in the desert. If anything, I hate the desert. It's hot. There's nobody hardly can live there. And everything you get against in the desert's got stickers on it. Every kind of a little old vine's got stickers on it. You know why? It's because there's no water there. Now, if that same little plant growled up in my country or up in a country that's got rain on it, that little plant would not be a sticker. That little sticker would unfold and it would be a nice tender leaf when it comes into a watered place. That's what's the matter. The churches are either fuss and quarrel and stew and so-called Christians because they've been bypassed from the land of blessing from the fountain that never runs dry from the rock in the weary land and they have become dry and carnal and want to stick and days of miracles. That's a bunch of holy rollers. No such a thing as that. Oh, just let him come to the water one time. It just unfold and get tender and sweet and kind and humble. Something takes place when you put him in water. I don't know why, but it happens that way. Oh, carnality had cut them off. Look, here's what they had done. They had left the garlic pots of Egypt to eat angels food and was complaining. Could you think of it? Yes, we see it. They had also they had left the muddy waters of Egypt to drink from that spiritual rock, still complaining about it. They had left the boasting positions of Egypt that boasted how great they were to be with the great position that there wasn't even their clothes didn't get threadbearing or there wasn't a feeble one among them when they come from the wilderness still complaining. And then they had left the they had also left the people that said the days of miracles is passed to be with the people it's got signs following the believers. Now isn't that just the same today? You come up out of that old cold form of stuff, got the Holy Ghost and God fills you with goodness and you're drinking from that fountain that never runs dry and all them things there, joy unspeakable and full of glory and then go to complaining. Just the same thing. First thing you know, you're bypassed off out into the desert. That's the way God does it. It's just that way. The pe God doesn't do it. The people does it themselves. Their own carnal thinking does it. They had seen 10 powerful miracles performed down in Egypt. flies, life, fire, death angels, all they had seen in Egypt, all these great miracles that they had seen God do and were still cares. And then they saw the Red Sea that was laying in the path of duty. They were on their road marching then come out. There's a pillar of fire before them. And they marched on to the Red Sea. And when they got there, right in the line of duty, laid an obstacle and first thing you know, fear struck them and they didn't know what to do. That's the way people does today. When fear strikes them, when they're right in the path of duty, listen, brother, let me say this. If you're walking in the light, having fellowship with God with his people, and the Holy Spirit is upon you, and you meet an obstacle right in the path of duty, don't stop. Just keep pressing on. God will make a way through it. &gt;&gt; That's one of the greatest experiences of my life is to see God when I can't get over it, get under it, get around it or anyway, God opens up a way and I go through it somehow or another, his grace is sufficient to carry us through it. Now they come to that and saw that Red Sea open and what a great thing it was. How could they murmur? How could they complain after seeing those miracles? How can we complain today after seeing what we've seen? great revival, healing campaign, the spirit of the Lord coming down a discerner. The Bible said the word of God and Jesus was the word. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. God crossed himself his own to his cast. God that created the earth became earth and lived in earth. God who made flesh become flesh and lived in flesh. Oh, that ought to attract people. God could have come out of heaven with a full angel salute if he wanted to. God could have come down a a full matured man. Angels on both sides coming down the corner of heaven sounding the trumpets of heaven. He He could have done that. He could have come a full man, but he chose to come a baby. He could have been born in a palace. He could have been created in the heavens if he wanted to. But he chose to come not to even a bed to be born. He went to a manger on a manure pile and over a manure pile he chose to be born. It ought to be attractive. Jehovah crying like a baby. Jehovah playing like a boy. Jehovah like a man. Oh, it's a great mystery. It's a super sign to the people. Everybody wanting signs. That's the greatest sign that God ever made when come a super sign. Surely it would attract the people, but they get carnal. Go away. Oh, yes. I guess that's all right. Oh, it's more than all right. It's God's perfection working, making himself, crossing his chest, making a tent and living in his tent, stretching out among us, and living like we do. Amen. God, here it is. But it don't attract attention. The church gets carnal, bypasses, goes over, gets away from these great things. Now we find that they'd already seen these miracles. Look what was with them. They had a smitten rock with them. They could drink from it. They had a brash serpent with them for healing. Oh my. They had a a prophet with them that had the word of God. Over the prophet was a pillar of fire that was doing the leading and not one time had it ever failing. &gt;&gt; Glory. Oh, I I feel like shouting. Look, it hadn't failed. God doesn't fail. You cannot fail and remain God. Still God. The smitten rock, the brass serpent, a prophet, an atonement, a sacrifice, everything grace had provided for them already. And after God had done all those things, they were like a lot of people today has to be babyed around. God don't want babies. God votes men and women. &gt;&gt; I like old Buddy Robinson's testimony. He said, "Lord, give me the backbone the size of a slog. Put plenty of knowledge in a Gabriel into my soul. Let me fight the devil as long as I got one tooth left and then go until I die." That's what we need. Courage. Not a wishbone, but a backbone. A real spiritfilled heart filled with the Holy Ghost. Sanctified by the blood of Jesus Christ. Living in a life, walking in the path of God, keeping his commandments, claiming every promise is your own property. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, I know I act crazy, but if you felt like I did, you'd act the same way. All right, because it's good. Somebody said, "Boy, you've lost your mind." Maybe I have, but if I have, just let me alone. I'm more happier this way than I was the other way. So, just let me stay like this. I've walked in the city or heard a man say one time that a man come down the street he had a sign on his front of his breast like this way like it was picking him somewhere he said I'm a fool for Christ and on his back after he passed by the back said who fool are you so I just wonder now I'm going to be a fool for Christ and know him know him this that I know him in the power of his resurrection that someday when death takes me that last big channel sitting under my heart beats Every minute it goes towards that channel. But when I come to it, I don't want to come out the power. I want to walk there and wrap myself in the ropes of his life Jesus knowing this that I anoint him in the power of his resurrection that when he calls, I'll come out from among the dead leaving those things in the past of the high. Glory. Yes, sir. Brother, we need an old time Pentecostal Jackwood sin killing revivalist California. all other states and nations throughout the country. Bring back the power of God into the church again. We've come to a kadesh, a judgment seat, all these things still fussing, still complaining, pillar of fire over the prophets. His words was perfect smitten rock surfing, miracles and signs they've done from it. Then still complaining. Oh, just eating angels food is still a garlic. Want to go back to the old garlic pots. It showed they wasn't ready to go in the can. That's right. You know, someone said one time I was preaching as a woman crying and she was just holding up her hands and crying, praising God. The Holy Spirit was out. The woman was filled with the Holy Ghost. How can a magnet draw anything unless it's magnetized to her? Correct. There was a man who belonged to another church, a friend of mine was standing outside. He said, "Billy, I was enjoying your sermon until that woman raised up and started crying." Said, "How in the world could you preach and her acting like that?" I said, "That's the only time I can preach." When I see the power of God away the church, caught away the message. He said, "It just made shivers run over my back." I said, "If you'd ever be fortunate enough to get to heaven, you'd freeze to death because they are crying and shouting and praising God day and night. Angels flying back and forth, crying holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Holy. Now, let me tell you something right now, my brother. You're living in the quietest world you ever live in. Amen. If you go to hell, there'll be weeping, wailing, and nashing of teeth. If you go to heaven, there will be hallows and praise of God day and night for all time. This is the quietest place you ever lived in. Yes. Oh, how God wants to bless his church. They've seen all those things and still carnal mind. How quick they forgot all those miracles. When a a new thing arose, when a new trial come on, they forgot all they had seen. We do that. We have a meeting. The power of God will follow. Great signs and wonders will take place. Then Satan can come along and smack something over on you. You forget that that's the God of heaven that was just making you shout, making you praise his Lord. You forget the God of heaven that brought you out of the like a fire brand. You forget the God of heaven who dug you from the pits from the rock from where you was dug from. Easy to forget him. Let me tell you, my brother, what we need tonight is a man with a iron conscience that'll stand there in the power of the Holy Ghost. No matter what comes or goes, he's still waving that flag of victory going on to the promised land. He needs an eye. That kind of a church. That church unadulterated, sanctified by the blood of Jesus Christ, anointed with the Holy Ghost with signs and wonders, a shout of a of a king in a camp on their road marching on. Yes, sir. All of this of all this carnal stuff that they had done, all desert way over in the place like most of the churches are tonight, lot of Pentecostal there when the heavy burdens come and the people begin to cry. Oh, we would to God that we had died down in Egypt. Now what happened? God called Moses and Aaron into the his presence. Come down in the shai glory and bless them. God told the prophet said, "Go speak to the rock." Amen. &gt;&gt; In the midst of all their sins, if God was want to put judgment up on us, there's none of us. But what has complained, we are worthy of going to hell. We're not worthy of our healing. We're not worthy of our salvation. But in the midst of all of it, that same God that forgave their sins and all their doubting, he still said, "Speak to the rock. And it will bring forth his waters. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. No matter what place, still speak to the rock in their sin. Still speak to the rock. Right in the day when the churches are all so infying and stewing, one who says, "I'm this, the other, and I'm that." One's this, that, and the other. don't have enough to examine that God right in the midst of all of this still sends his Holy Spirit. Still sends his power, still heals the sick, still shows the sign of the Messiah living among the people, the same yesterday, today, and forever in the midst of our carnal quaries today. Look at them. Many of them said, "Well, now if that's all you can do, here we are camped out into the desert. We've dug in every spring. We dug on ever oas and there's no water and yet the very driest place in all the desert was that old rock up there on the hill. Go speak to the rock. How God does things. It just confuses the connal mind. They just don't know what to do about it. Now the dest place in the desert is the rock. Anybody knows that? Well, if there's no if they can't find any water in the old time springs, then how are they going to find it in the rock? If they can't find divine healing in the great church of this name, if there's any divine healing, would it be in this great church that we belong to? Or it be in this great church that we belong to, the old springs. How in the world are you going to find one now to go up there on top of the mountain and speak to that rock when there's old water up there to begin with? But the thing of it was it isn't how it looks. It's taking God at his word. Speak anyhow. If the doctor turns you down that cancer is going to kill you, how would it be for a man to lay hands on you? Don't make any difference what it looks like, how foolish it looks to sign. God said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. No matter what it looks like, you mean in a day like this when we got all the culture and all the all the culture always thought of culture. Yeah, that that's a great thing. Uhhuh. My opin my opinion of culture is a man that hasn't got nerve enough to kill a rabbit but can eat a belly full of it if somebody else kills it. Oh my. What we need today is not culture. What we need today is the Holy Ghost to bring faith in us to the word of the living God. Exactly right. In this great day of education, this great day of science, what does that mean to God? Why the the science one time built a a great big tower was going to reach all the way into heaven and God just sat and laugh at their ignorance and the thing he done is send a little tongues movement down there and confuse the whole thing. &gt;&gt; Oh, God can just do what he wants to, can't he? Oh, he's God. He's God forever and more. Certainly notice what taking place here. Now, when we find that God told Aaron in the midst of all of him and Moses, "Go speak to the rock and it will bring forth his waters." How foolish that carnal mind. Well, if that's the best you can give me, just let it alone. Like Elijah one day when he went to pray and he sent his servant up to see uh if there's any sign of a cloud, he went seventh time when he come back. Oh yes, there's a little cloud about the size of the man's hand over in the west over there. He said, "Roll up the rain barrel. I hear the sound of abundance of rain coming." What was it? While the while the carnal mind would have caught that quickly and said, "Well, if that's the best you can give me, if that's all you can do, oh brother, how much more sign of that we got of the living God among us tonight." How we have we passed from death under life. The baptism of the Holy Ghost has come up on us. Jesus heals us. Jesus saves us. Jesus seals us with the Holy Ghost. Jesus comes down and shows miracles, discerns the heart, does the sign, the pillar of fire, the picture's taken, it's here now. The same Jesus was yesterday is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus said when he was asked that you're a man be up 50 years old and say, "You seen Abraham?" He said, "Before Abraham was, I am." And I am was that pillar of fire that led Moses to the wilderness. When he was on earth, he said, "I came from God and I go to God." a little while and the world won't see me no more yet you shall see me for I I the prince of flow around I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world right and when he died buried resurrected about a few weeks later Saul was on his road down to Damascus and a great pillar of fire that led the children of Israel fell before him there put his eyes out and said Saul saw how persecuted thou me said who are you Lord he said I'm Jesus and it's hard to speak against the priest what was it he come from God, dwelt in flesh, returned back to God. That same pillar of power, that same Holy Ghost is with us tonight, doing the same work, the same time, the same everything else, proving that he is the same yesterday and forever. The woman can touch the hem of his garment. Oh, the man can be told who he is, what he's done, how to get out of it. All by the power of the living God that dwells among his people. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. Yep. Speak to the rock. Let's look at some people who spoke to the rock. Let's find out what taken place. The first man ever spoke to a rock was a man that got tied up in some theology. He made himself a set of fig leaves, Adam. He thought that'll do just as good as anything. But when he come face to face with God, he found out he was naked. What did he do? He spoke to the rock and the rock made a way of escape for him. the rock that was in Eden. There was Noah, another man who had preached and the people ignored and laughed at him. One day he spoke to the rock and the rock took him in the ark and tucked him away in his arms and rode him above the storms and down to the persecuting world. Yes, sir. Noah, there was a man named Daniel once who was in the lion's den. He went out into Babylon and he said in himself that he was not going to defile himself at the king's meat. He wasn't going to have anything to do with the world. Though he had to live among them people, but he wasn't going to defile himself. He purposed in his heart he wasn't. And one day the king throwed him into the lion's pit because he was walking in the line of duty. But he spoke to the rock and that pillar of fire come down and shut the lines off of him all night long because he spoke to the rock before he went to the pit. There was the Hebrew children who wouldn't bow down to the images of King Nebuchadnezzar and they thrown him into the fiery furnace and they spoke to the rock and the fourth man was standing in the fire furnace there the rock of ages. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. David said, "If I make my bed in hell, you'll be there. I'll take wings in the morning and fly away." Notice Hagar, she had been put out of her home. She had a little nursing boy, Ishmael. She went out into the desert, no place to go. The water had run out. What could she do? She had been raised in a home that was acquainted with the rock. And what did she do? She didn't want to see the baby die. So she tucked the little fell and laid him under a tree and went off a bow shot and fell down on her knees and she spoke to the rock and the rock forth his waters and that baby was saved. entered this space. While she was still sender, that fountain that the God who has seen me, she spoke to the rock for her dying baby. Can you speak to the rock tonight? Are you on speaking terms with him? Do you know anything about it? Joshua is w come over Jordan after made that great decision. He's still the people said, "We're able to take it." God said, "Joshua, you're the one who knows all about it. I'll just let you lead the children now." He got over to his first campaign. He got up against Jericho wall. He walked around it. He said, "Now, how am I going to get over it? How am I going to send them walls? They got all those rocks and things up there, their bows and things ready to shoot. And here we are out here, mostly unarmed, just what we picked up from the sparrows across our journey. And there we are. How am I going to do it?" Naturally, he saw a man standing with his sword drawn. He said, "Who are you? Are you our enemy? Are you one of us?" He said, "Nay, I am the captain of the host of the Lord." And Joshua spoke to the rock and a shout went out and the walls fell down because he spoke to the rock. Several hundred years later from that, there was an old blind beggar sitting on some of those stones that had fell from that wall. Oh my, the speaking of the rock have done been explained out of the church. There was no such a thing. But he was sitting there blind thinking about on that road when he noted Elisha and Elisha came down that same road arm in arm going to the Jordan just beyond there Joshua had spoke to this great captain of the host of the Lord he said oh if I would have lived in that day I would have spoke to him too and about that time a noise begin to come you know usually where God's at there's a lot of noise I don't know why it is but there's a lot of noise wherever God comes here come that same captain of the host of the Lord people try to get to shut up. But he spoke to the rock and the rock gave him back his sight. He They tried to make him shut up. They tried to hold his feet sitting there shivered in little old bare legs laying there in that sun and his little old withered arms and his old raggedy coat. But he throw that coat one side to the other and took off for he was ready to speak to the rock and the rock gave him back his sight. Hallelujah. That's a warning to every blind man in here tonight. Whether you're fiercely divine or physically blind, speak to the rock. He's a sight giving rock. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Speak to the rock. Yes, sir. The blind man, there was a woman one time went out to the well to get some water. She was in a bad shape. She's a prostitute. She seen a man sitting over there against the wall and she didn't know who he was. After a while, he said, "The woman, give me a drink." He went to talking to her till he found out what her trouble was. He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I have none." Well, he said, "That's true. You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband." She said, "Sarah, I perceive that a prophet. We know that there's a rock coming someday called the Messiah, and he'll do this." He said, "I'm he that speaks to you." I can see her drop that water pot, her big pretty eyes shine. Into the city she went, knowing she had spoke to the rock. Hallelujah. and she found water. She didn't come to that well to draw. Oh, she had spoke to the rock with little Martha. One time her brother was dead and was buried four days in the grave, rotten already skinworms eating in his body and she heard there was something in the city and Jesus had come. She went out there where he was at. She fell down before him and she said, "Lord, if you would have been here, my brother would not have died. But even now, Lord, whatever you ask, God thy brother shall rise again. Wow. Amen. And brought forth death out of corruption and rebuked death and brought life. Where a man had been dead four days, stood on his feet and lived again because he spake to the rock. The disciples one night was out on the sea. All hopes was gone. And what happened? They seen something. It looked like a spirit coming to them. And they found out it was the rock. And they spoke to the rock. New hopes come in. And away they went. And the whole thing was spared because they spoke to the rock. Jas the little priest. His daughter's dead. All hopes is gone. Dre had to think of something. His wife saw him run get his hat. Where you going, Jas? The doctor's leaving the house. He's pronounced her dead. Her heart stopped. She has no more respirations. Been sick for several days. Now she's gone. He said, "Where are you going now? Once you got your hat, I just happen to think I'm going out to speak to the rock. And the rock brought forth life again into his daughter. Hallelujah. That's our God. If you need life, speak to the rock. If you need joy, speak to the rock. If you need healing, speak to the rock. If you need the Holy Ghost, speak to the rock. Whatever you need, speak to the rock. And he'll bring forth his waters. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; What the church needs tonight is get back on speaking terms with the rock. The rock of ages, Christ Jesus, God's smitten rock. That's God's rock is the salvation of God. That's still our commandment tonight is whatever we have need of, speak to the rock and use the name of the rock and God will bring it forth his waters out of that rock. &gt;&gt; I feel like I could run 100 miles. Oh, brother, I know that smitten rock thing right here now. Don't smite it anymore. Just speak to it. Just speak to the rock and it'll bring forth his waters. You believe that? &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads and speak to him. Whatever you have need of, speak to that rock and see if he'll bring forth his waters. Oh God, have mercy. We know that thou art the rock in a weary land. You're a shelter in a time of storm. No wonder Jesus said, "If they hold their peace, this rock will immediately cry out." the rock. John said, "God's able these rocks to rise up children under Abraham." God, how we thank you that we could speak to you. We're so thankful to be on speaking terms. The blood of Jesus Christ puts us in this condition. I pray, Father, that you forgive every sin of the people in here. Take us all together tonight, Father. Forgive our sins, heal our sicknesses. May the Lord God of heaven show forth his power and his glory upon this people while we have our head bowed. I wonder if there's one in here that doesn't know him and like to speak to him for as your savior. Would you raise your hand? Say, Lord God, have mercy upon me and give unto me eternal life. Ah, will you raise your hand? God bless you, sir. Will there be another? God bless you, ladies. Will there be another someone else? God bless you back there, sister. Another say, I like to speak to the right brother. Do you know him? Yes, I know him. I'm acquainted with him. He's my friend. He's my savior. I spoke to him 31 years ago. He forgive all my sins. He's healed all my diseases. He gives me peace and satisfaction. Would you like for me to speak to him for you that you'd like to know him too? Someone else raise your hand. Say, I, Brother Brandham, would like to know him. Just raise your hand. Say, pray for me, Brother Brandon. I'll certainly do it. Lord bless you. There be another before we close. God bless you back there, sir. That's good. That's real conviction. God bless you over here, sir, to my left. God bless you. A little fellow back there, little boy. God be with you, Sunny. Make a preacher out of him. Somebody else said, "I'd like to speak to Lorra." All right. No one else. God bless you back there. I seen your hand just saying. I'm just waiting for a moment to see if there'll be someone else. Think of it now. Are you in the desert? Don't you know where to go? Have you been got off a real beaten path? Why not speak to the rock? He'll bring forth his water. That smitten rock was Moses' judgment rod. The judgment rod of God smoked the rock and it had a cleft in it. And out of that same rock, they found honey one day. Oh my. God's judgment smoked Jesus Christ who was a rock of our salvation. There's a cliff in his side. Honey is in the rock. As we said this morning, they find food. You find shelter in the time of storm. You find healing for your body. You find God bless this young girl sitting here. Find whatever you have need of. It's in the rock. Would you just believe him now with all your heart? All right. I got your hand back there again. I'm just waiting waiting to see what the Holy Spirit will say. All right. If thou can believe. All right. Our heaven. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad we have a rock tonight. &gt;&gt; And if the musician could come. Amen. It don't matter what generation, there was always a rock present. I I like what he said. He said that what the church need today is to get in speaking terms with the rock. that we can get in speaking terms to know that there's a promise that God has made for every generation, for every season of our lives. Every time when we run against something, we don't know what to do. Just speak to the rock. Amen. I trust it's your heart desire tonight. Why don't we just stand tonight and Amen. Let's sing. My hope is in the Lord. Amen. [Music] I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of creator shall last. over the raging of the sea sub and the livinging sacrifice. The only source of life to my home is in the Lord. from this island and never. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. They send her mercies come with your rising sun to meet the sinner in his own to offer healing and forgive and those who trust me. Hallelujah. Your heart my [Music] [Music] forever. sing [Music] with the rising sun and to be the sinner in all to offer healing and [Music] And those who trust in him will find their heart and my [Music] Oh my go [Music] forever more. [Music] Oh, and father of love, seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are sing. Oh Lord, just cry out to the rock. &gt;&gt; Whatever you have need of, it's just the rock that has the answer tonight. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Bless [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] high Jesus Christ. Oh father of love and fading to me. Oh, each is a gift for you to hold to tell the world about your bra. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Jesus [Music] Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Music] Praise by God. I pray [Music] Jesus Christ. Amen. But you could just come and bless me tonight. Amen. So thankful for the rock. Amen. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so grateful for an opportunity again, Lord, to sit at your feet, Lord, and feast on your word, [Music] Lord. We rely on your grace, Lord. Lord, it's your grace that's brought us safe this far and your grace that'll take us home. &gt;&gt; Lord, don't let anyone in here lose their grip on the lifeline. Help us to stay in the center of your perfect will, Lord. Feeding on your word, becoming more like you every day, Lord. We're a needy people in a dark day. Just ask Lord that you'd be with us as we go. We thank you for a portion of your word tonight, Lord. May we just continue to meditate upon it. &gt;&gt; We just want to tell you that we love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; In your precious name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you at this midst. Amen. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. Oh, I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] All my sins were as I was today. [Music] I was lost in the darkness, but now I was, but now I see. Oh, I change. Living in the world has been what a difference is all my life. Praise God. [Music] And at last in his presence I still my Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Music] that the Lord has been all my life. Praise God has been [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
