################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - [2025-04-06am] To Whom Shall We Go? | Br. Raphael Kabeya - Br. Raphael Kabeya - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   [2025-04-06am] To Whom Shall We Go? | Br. Raphael Kabeya
Speaker: Br. Raphael Kabeya
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG0q943s5Fs
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Oh. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's all stand and sing this song. Well, in the morning when I rise, in the morning when I rise, in the morning when I rise, give me Jes. [Music] Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] You name all this is true in me [Music] Jesus. When I am alone then when I am [Music] alone. Oh when I am alone. When I am the Lord, give me Jesus and give me [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. You may have all this world. Give me Jesus. When I am afraid and when I am afraid. When I am afraid. [Music] And when I am afraid, give me [Music] Jesus and give me [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] You may have all this world but give me [Music] Jesus. And when I am in prayer. Oh, and when I am in praise, when I am praise him, give [Music] me and give me Jes. Jesus, give me [Music] Jesus. You may have all this world and in [Music] Jesus. Is that your prayer tonight this morning? Hallelujah. We'll ask brother Dan Dylan to come and open up our service in a word of [Music] prayer. Yes, Lord Jesus. We just want to have that on our heart as we come into your house this morning. That Lord, all we want is you. You're the reason that we've come here this morning. Lord, if we haven't come here for you, then what have we come here for? We want to hear from you this morning, Lord. We want you to feed our souls, feed our hearts, Lord. We want to be able to take what we hear and go and apply it in our lives and and be your witnesses, Lord, your sons and daughters. We ask that you would take control of the service, Lord, every part, Lord. We just ask that you would just be free in the service, Lord, to move in whatever way you'd see fit. Yes. We ask that you would take over the minister's lips, Lord, that he would be able to speak something to us that would speak directly to each need, Lord Jesus. We ask it all and pray in your name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. I trust we're happy to be in the house of the Lord. We may turn around and shake someone's hand. Let him know you love him. We're going to read in Psalm 26. If you get your Bibles, we'll just read it together from the first to the last. The scripture reads, "Judge me, O Lord, for I have walked in mine integrity. I have trusted also in the Lord. Therefore, I shall not slide. Examine me, O Lord, and prove me. Try my reigns and my heart. For thy loving kindness is before mine eyes, and I have walked in thy truth. I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers. I have hated the congregation of evildoers, and will not sit with the wicked. I will wash mine hands in innocency. So will I compass thine altar, O Lord, that I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving, and tell of all thy wondrous works. Lord, I have loved the habitation of thy house, and the place wherein thine honor dwelleth. Gather not my soul with sinners, nor my life with bloody men, and whose hands is mischief, and the right hand is full of bribes. But as for me, I will walk in mine integrity. Redeem me and be merciful unto me. My foot standeth in an even place. In the congregation will I bless the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. Let's sing. Come and dine. [Music] Well, and Jesus had a table where the saints of God, he invites his souls and people come and die. Oh, and with his men and supplies our sweet to Jesus all the time. Oh, coming all the [Music] time to the hungry coming down and the disciples. Heat. Heat. Oh my go every time. Oh come and die the master call. Come and die. Hallelujah. Let Jesus say all the time. He fit to turn the water into the hyd. Well, the lend Heat. Heat. [Music] to the heart coming down. Hallelujah. When pain of death on my soul to the Ius. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Jesus my heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] sweal. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] Christmas. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Mercy. There [Music] [Music] was Hallelujah. and some glad morning when this life is [Music] over. Oh, and you got to [Music] s Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have a couple of announcements for the young people that are going to be attending the camp this year. We'd like to have a quick meeting with you in the fellowship hall. Brother Andrew has some important information for you guys that's needed for us to be prepared to go. And right after that, we'll have a meeting with the adult choir and the youth for those that want to be a part of that. That will also follow in the fellowship hall. Please make your way there right after the meeting. And for the couples, the 39 and under, you have an event this Friday, the 11th, I believe. And we want to make sure that everybody is signed up and ready. This is the last warning or I would say the last invitation. We want to see you there. And then we don't want to forget that we have a pavilion dedication on the 13th. So it'll be right after service. We don't have any requests at the moment, but I know we are a needy people. When we come into the house of the Lord, there's always something on our hearts we want the Lord to deal with us with or provide and move on. So, if you have a need on your heart and you want to make it known to him by the uplifting of your hands, please do so and trust that he sees it. We'll ask brother Matthew to come and pray and we'll ask brothers taking the tithes and offerings to come up. Lord Jesus, we just approach you at this portion of the service, Lord, to take up the tithes and the offerings, Lord. We pray a blessing over those, Lord, and a greater revelation of how giving unto you, Lord, we could never outgive you. For Lord, you've done everything for us, Lord. and you just ask a little back, Lord. And many times we lose focus and lose what the priority is, Lord. And it's always you and your word. And Lord, forgive us where we failed you and failed to give and failed to seize the opportunity. But Lord, may we start having an expectation, Lord, to not give to worldly things. Lord, it's so easy to give to the power company and the mortgage company and to give to our jobs and to give to our flesh and to give to this and that, but Lord, may we give to you. May we give you our time, our prayers, our money, our heart, our everything, Lord, because you're worthy of it and so much more. Lord, I just want to remember the Cashes family and Sister Iris and I believe her friend Isabelle, Lord, at the passing of her friends. And Lord, I think of that family, Lord. They've lost a daughter. I don't know them, Lord, but you do. Lord, I know they believe in you. And we're just asking that you would come be their portion, Lord, that you just you comfort them, Father. And dear, in this cloud of confusion and hurt and pain, Lord, may it just bind them closer to you. And may a ray of sunshine just come down, Lord, and bring peace and an overwhelming joy to know, Lord, that there's going to be a day that we'll be reunited. And on this side, Lord, there's pain and there's hurt, but Lord, you hold the beginning and the end, Lord. So, we just lift them up. Pray that you'd comfort them, Lord. We know you'll receive all the glory, all the honor, all the praise, Lord. and we just commit this service to you, Father, and ask, Lord, for the unspoken prayer request, Lord. There's many needs here. We know that you can meet those needs by the preaching of the word. We pray these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Wonderful, merciful savior, precious redeemer and friend. Who would have thought that a man could rescue the souls of men? Oh, you rescue the souls of men. You're the counselor, comforter, keeper, and Spirit we long to embrace. You are hope when our [Music] hearts. Oh, bless the lost the way. Oh, bless the lost the way. Oh, you are the one that we praise. We praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and [Music] grace. Our founders, Lord. Oh our hearts always [Music] hunger almighty holy mighty infinite father. Oh, faithfully loving your ro here in our weakness. You find us falling before your throne. Going falling before your throne. [Music] And you are the one that we [Music] praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and [Music] gra. Sing that again. You are the one that we praise. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give her healing and [Music] grace. Hearts always [Music] wonderful. Oh, our hearts always hunger for Hallelujah. Amazing grace [Music] shall be my song of praise. [Music] For it was grace that my liberty. [Music] Oh, I do not know just why he came to love me so. Oh, he loved me. Oh, my father said my name. [Music] Oh, I shall forever. I rise to Cal to you the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] are fleshless. The grace that come by [Music] falling will [Music] be thy. Let's all stand. Oh God, singing grace that save me from that sin and shame to draw me close and he by his [Music] son forever. I sing. Oh, all praise. All glory to his name. Well, for him. Hallelujah. I surely know have died. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to you the cross where Jesus died for me. Howless the grace that our falling [Music] soul we [Music] are and we invite the pastor at this time. Oh, how sweet it is to walk with him this car away. For now I see. Oh, the light of good. [Music] Oh, soon I shall see his lovely face and he will sing. Oh well, my child be with me. Oh, I shall [Music] forever to the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How [Applause] might the gra [Music] Amen. [Music] Father Once again this morning we ask you to look beyond our faults for we are needy and you spoke such comforting words to us. You said ask anything of the father in my name and I will grant it. Father, our heart's desire this morning is that we could be overcomers. that we could set aside the sin and unbelief that so easily besets us, the failures in our hearts and our lives and that your grace would and forgiveness would come in and touch us and change us, Father, transform us into the sons and daughters of God. We ask you to bless each one this morning that is here. You know each of them personally, Father. You know their beginning and their end. And Lord, we just ask that you'd set each of us on the path that you choose us to go. We ask for your guidance once again this morning. Bless our minister this morning. Father, may the words of life, Father, fill our hearts and our soul with joy. We ask these wonderful things in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless. You may be seated this morning. Nice to be in the uh house of the Lord uh this morning and fellowship around the word of the Lord. Uh we're going to try to work in the next few weeks to clear up some more parking places. I think we might have ran out of parking places this morning, but uh we'll try to get some more as soon as we possibly can. So Lord bless you on that. We want to remember uh this Friday night is the banquet for couples 39 and under. Now only one of you has to be 39. So, like if you married an old guy, you can still come or or vice versa. But anyway, so if one of you is under 39, you're welcome to the banquet. I I know the biggest challenge for couples under 39 is babysitters. If you'd like to come and the reason you couldn't come is maybe you don't have a babysitter, maybe you could talk to Sister Lesie and she could go out amongst the congregation and make some phone calls and maybe find you a babysitter. So we we want you to feel a part of that and to come. So we don't do any preaching at the banquet. It's just fellowship. It's just for you to um meet one another and and tell a war stories about your children and about life and just have a real wonderful time together. So that's that. them. Now, next Sunday, we're going to have our our pavilion dedication and u so uh it's supposed to be sunny and 83 degrees with a light breeze, 10 mph breeze. So, uh, what we're going to do is we're going to have, uh, uh, right after service, we're just going to start, uh, cooking hamburgers and hot dogs, maybe some chickens, and who knows, and just have us a nice time of fellowship. Uh, we'd be nice if a couple brothers could help us set up next Saturday. We'll have tables in the uh fellowship hall and tables in the pavilion and uh and places to eat and just have a a a wonderful time. And uh so if next Sunday if you want to come to church uh more casually dressed so you can go uh just to the uh uh uh fellowship after that. Feel free. So uh I I I I know I go to like my bank on Fridays and everybody's uh dressed down. They call it dress down Fridays, you know. And uh so uh I don't want to say dress down, but uh if you want to come where you don't have to change and you don't want to spill on your suit or your nice dress, then you could just come uh ready to go to the picnic. And then the evening uh after we have our picnic at 5:00, we're just going to have a singing, you know. So if you have a special, let Brother Billy know. If you want to sing some songs, we'll just come in and have a singing. Uh and I always enjoy that. So it's really a a wonderful time. So uh kind of a I I like themes in my heart. So kind of our theme for our banquet and uh is going to be out of Philippians uh 4 and 4. So if if they put Philippians 4 and 4, we're going to read Philippians 4 4-7. And and so this is what our uh we want next Sunday. We want every day to be like this. But uh so it says in the Philippians 4 and 4 it says rejoice in the Lord always and again I say rejoice. Amen. God it's good to rejoice in the Lord. Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your request be made known unto God. And the peace of God which patheth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. Amen. And so next Sunday, let's rejoice again. I say rejoice. Do you love the Lord? Are you glad what he's done for you? Just think all that he's done for you. He can do that and hundfold more. So let's don't let fear enter into our hearts and our lives, but let's have faith. Amen. Faith for the journey. So this morning it's a a real uh before we announced our minister, but tonight's communion service. So uh it's one of the things that the Lord said that he wanted us to do here while we're on earth uh uh to make sure we're there. He um we don't have many requirements, but communion and footwashing is one of them. So, uh, if you haven't taken communion in a while, uh, make a special effort to come tonight. You want to have communion and footwashing in your life. It's a very important part of your fellowship with the Lord. So, tonight's our communion service. Brother Matthew will be bringing us the communion service message, and we'll have communion and footwashing following and then worship. So, we're just looking for a wonderful time this morning. Amen. Now, this morning we have a special guest. Brother Raphael is with us and he's just part of our family. And uh you know, that's what a church really should be. It should be a family. And and I know over the weeks and times that uh we've had uh uh different couples move into our area. And so keep your eye out. If you see somebody new you haven't seen before, reach out to them. Go shake their hand. Ask them how they're doing. Ask them if they're visiting. Uh and just be friendly and and let the love of the Lord sh uh shed abroad in your heart. If you've come and you haven't got a chance to meet me, well, I'm nothing special. just knock on the door, come back, ask one of the deacons, and we can certainly shake your hand and and say hello to you and and uh welcome you in the uh household of faith. Now, again, my my famous brother Raphael, he just I love him. He he comes to visit. He's his daughter lives here. Brother Billy's his son-in-law and uh so Billy's on his best behavior, you know, and and Jadita's mom's with Mr. Cre, where are you at? Would you stand up for us? Amen. So, Jita's mom. Amen. So, uh we're we're happy to have them. Brother Raphael pastors a church in Brazerville. Uh uh so uh that's just south country on the other side of the river from Congo. uh dedicated to the word just uh just right down the middle of the road and serving God's people and and and many outreaches in his country into the countryides and and meeting the needs of the people. every time he comes, I keep trying to get him to preach, and he always lets me know he's here resting. And uh and normally I don't uh I don't uh take that as an excuse, but uh but you know, he always comes and and I'm always fortunate when I get a chance to have him speak for us and he would do that this morning. But one of the things that I've always felt is that a man doesn't only minister with his words. He ministers with his nature and with his spirit. And brother Raphael's spirit nature has always ministered to me. And that just solid even keel confidence in God's word is is a real blessing. and and I really feed off of that and I'm really lifted up by it. And this morning I think that you'll uh really enjoy what he has to say. Uh those of you that speak French, I'm sure he'll speak in French this morning. So you can hear the sermon twice. So uh in French and in English, it should have double effect on you. And and then also you can check to see if brother Billy's interpreting correctly. So uh it it ought to be a real good uh time in the Lord. But I got confidence in Billy. So I'm just going to accept it the way that I hear it. You love the Lord this morning. Let's all stand together this morning and and let's sing Only Believe. All things are possible. Do you believe anything's possible? Nothing's impossible for God. If you're looking at a mountain, if you have a faith of a mustard seed, just a little bit of hope, a little bit of faith that God can do all things. He can move that mountain out of your life. If you've got an obstacle, maybe a tree has fall across your path and your life, if you can muster up just the smallest amount of faith, you can say to that tree, "Be moved and be plucked up and be thrown in the sea and God's path in your life can open up this morning." So if you believe all things are possible, then you believe this morning that he can speak to you. That a man that's dedicated his life to God can come thousands of miles across the Atlantic Ocean to Dallas, Fort Worth, Texas, take this eternal word of God, open it up, and speak straight to you. And you can sit back and say, "He didn't know that." Or, "How did he know that?" There's one that knows you this morning. And he uses men to and his word to speak to your heart. Amen. May he speak to your heart this morning. And may all the condemnation of our lives leave us. May we leave those things which are behind behind. Can't undo yesterday. But let's take the day that we have, turn it towards Christ Jesus, and live more steadfast for him than we ever have. Let's sing Only Believe as our brother comes. Oh, only believe, only believe. All things are possible. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Let's sing. Lord, I believe. Tell them you believe this morning. Oh Lord, I Oh, I believe, Lord, I believe. All things are possible. My [Music] brother, Lord, I believe. All things are [Music] possible. Our heavenly father, we come as [Music] believers and we say thank you for the end time message. In in it we can find everything from the new birth till glory. You were so wonderful Lord that you follow us through the mud of sins. You took us from there and you washed us and you took our place. You took our condemnations and then we are more than perfect in you Lord. [Music] This morning we have need of you because we have nothing to give each other. You send this message to nourish us with it. Then take us out of the way and take control of everything. You know the needs of your children. You promised to never leave us or never to abandon us. Come and prove that through your word today. Bless our pastor here, Brother David. Bless his family. [Music] Bless those that work with him. those that are working hard to make sure that the work the work of God goes forward that those that don't know you in this city may may see the light and follow it. Bless them for the personal gift, oh God, for this cause. Now take us out of the way. you that knows everything, that you may take control over everything. Look to us through the blood that was shed at the cross and this morning help us in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats for a moment. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and I send I bring greetings from our little church in Brazville the end time message tabernacle. They asked me to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I want to just thank the whole church for the hospitality that have always been uh test testified to us that's been always extended to us. Uh my wife and I, we feel very uh spoiled. Families invited us to their homes. So we ate and God blessed them [Music] richly and there are those that come to uh the house with Billy's house and they come with food and we eat together. We certainly uh may God bless them for that. Uh yesterday there was about I believe seven families that came and the pastor came in too. I believe it was about 60 people at the house and I felt very little goodness that's extended. All I can say in this country where people work hard. When I see people spend the little that they have to to to as a testimony of the love that they have one for another that really touches my heart very much. All I can say that it may God bless you over your expectations. My wife and I will say thank you to all of [Music] you. I believe that the most important thing that we look for in coming to church is to see Jesus. When we go to a certain church, when we come to church, the most important thing is to see Jesus in front of us. I believe that the entire Bible and the whole message of the hour, it's only pointing to one thing. to present Christ to the people so they can see him that they may identify to him and become one with him and we can say it's Christ in us the hope of glory and I believe when the uncction or the anointing of the word comes upon the word [Music] It opens your eyes for you to see and say this is the truth and that's the truth. And I believe it was my case when I received the message. I was in a denomination where where I thought it was the very top and when I heard the message for the for the first time it was a Thursday in 1980 and it was very interesting to me. Uh they had they had a series of meetings. Uh Friday I came to the meetings I heard Saturday I came to the meeting. I heard and I was convinced that that was God speaking, not the pastor, not the people that were coming to the to the at the altar or not even the preachers, but it was the word that was being spoken to me that was God. And for since then for me I never really want to give more honor to the person. I respect the man, but what means a lot to me is the word. And I was convinced the third day on the Saturday and then and Sunday morning as when people were coming to church, I came uh right straight to the pastors. I said, "I'm not going into the sanctuary unless I'm baptized." [Music] He asked me, he said, "You know, no, just go to the sanctuary. We'll we'll have a service and then we'll have a service of baptism after the meetings." I said, "I am not going into the sanctuary unless I'm baptized." And it was the winter time. It was very cold and his associate took me to a river. They baptized me there. And since then, there's many ministers when they speak, you pay close to the attention to what they say. As long as it's the message, I'm with it. But when it's something else or to become a a fanatic of a certain person, that that doesn't attract me. I've learned to only be be dependent of of God alone. I don't know a lot of things but the fewer things that I know I hold on to that then I believe that with God we continually learn many wonderful things because the word doesn't get old is continually opening our eyes and is making us dependent on God alone as individuals. No, nobody needs to be attached to a certain group. Nobody needs to align himself to a certain leader. When the message touches the heart, [Music] You recognize the word of God that touches your heart as an individual and that will stay with you until the end. And then the great vision that we should have is Jesus Christ in everything [Music] is the only necessary thing. And Christ doesn't let anyone see him or recognize him outside of his bride. It's only the bride that would recognize Christ. The church can appreciate the message. They can clap their hands as we see today. They can worship Christ with a lot of noise. It can know everything about his death and they can tell a lot of stories about his miracles and a lot of things. But to see him in his word, that is only reserved to the predestinated [Music] seed. Do you know why the unbeliever has trouble believing this message of the end time pre message? It's because everything has become formal. the the the way that the believers and the ministers, the way that they live the word of God or they leave the word is so superficial. people are following their own personal interest. [Music] And they they they they live in the state of uh um u selfishness. But the Christianity as the prophet will say it, it's a living being in the human being. Christianity is not just a religion. It's a living being in a human being. [Music] Christ the the the Christ the living person living in human men and women and with the love the agape love manifesting they express eternal life which is living for others and I believe the dynamic is always is already on the road. as the message is being preached in many churches so they could shape sons and daughters of God. There's nothing else outside of this message that will uh uh shape us and make us becoming the likeness of God. And now if you can, let's stand. And let's read our Bible, our scripture. We're going to open our book, our Bibles in uh John chapter 6 and we'll start from verse uh 66. [Music] From that time many of the his disciple went back and walked no more with him. Then Jesus said unto the 12, "Will he also go away?" Then Simon Peter answered him, "Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou has the words of eternal [Music] life and we believe and are sure that thou are the Christ, the son of the living God. Our heavenly father bless your word and give us the context in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Once again, we want to thank brother David for the opportunity this morning by the grace of [Music] God. I want to speak on a certain subject that the that the theme that the prophet spoke in the message to whom shall we go? [Music] I want to speak on one of the reasons why we should go to Jesus is because is the eternal re uh reality realizes today but everything will pass away. There's an eternal reality. It's Jesus Christ. I will speak on that for a little bit. [Music] We are so many times sitting almost at the border watching two realities and things happening at the great scene of two different things happening. One of the scenes that we are watching is the end of the history. And the other is the end of time and the fusion into the eternal realm. And it's important that we know on what we are standing in regards to what's happening in the world today. And as believers of this message, the end time message and we know that Christ is at the door. that at any moment will be taken up to glory. We have to live uh uh in uh based on what we expecting to be in expectation. There's a lot of realities that we see to today churches that are established the true servants of God And many times they they they they bring a lot of confusion and bringing uh darkness upon the people. [Music] Today we find people sometimes that love God, that want to walk with God. Sometimes they don't know which way to go. Glory to you. But glory to God. God has given a portion of his word. [Music] There was a portion an appropriate or a a specific portion that has to that had to be manifested in each season and it's the only light for the time that we are living in. We know that the word of God comes to the prophet. The prophet reveals it to the people and the people will believe it. And then at that time it's God himself in [Music] action acting by his own spirit and revealing himself to the elect. This message will reveal the elected ones because the predestinated one will only stay with a message. Matthew 24:24 was said the elect will not be deceived. It's a prophecy for the time that we are living in. message is revealing the true elect. The eagllet, the sons and daughters of God, they are manifested by the message of the hour. The prophet says in the message why uh the why little Bethlehem paragraph 127 the prophet says I don't worship a Jew I worship God when I worship Jesus Christ I don't worship some fiction or some kind of a history something. [Music] I worship Jesus Christ, the presence of Jesus Christ right now, which is his word that's manifested in this age. And Jesus Christ that's been manifested in this age. The Bible and the message only talks about one thing and that is Jesus Christ. And to preach Jesus Christ is to to say what the message said concerning the age that we are living in. In paragraph 128, [Music] God in every age allotted his word from the beginning and every time uh which one of these age passed by, God sends down an anointed prophet for that age. Regardless of what people say in social media and there are those that leave the message and they kind of go talk about all kinds of stuff and with all the supernatural that follow this [Music] message. There's no way you can take a or you can lie to a true believer. Not the money, not the popularity will seduce a true believer in the days of Noah, days of the rest of them when he made the promises. I don't care what kind of condition the church got into. He always does that. He sends a man anointed for the word of God for for the word of the Lord comes to the prophet and he stood there and he stood there. Each prophet was condemned by the organization of that of that day. But but he stood on that word on the word and made the word live. We see today uh with the coming of social media and everything is degraded and corrupt at the speed that you cannot understand. On on what man, on what president of the country, on what science, on what man of God will men stand upon, in what on on whom will men stand on? There's nothing outside of Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ is the message of the hour. Jesus is everything to the elect. Why? Because Jesus alone. He possess all that that everything that he has and no man no other man has. He possess things that no man on earth possess. And there are many reasons why people should go to Jesus Christ. We're going to consider one of those reasons is going to give us like a point a place where we can start a a reason that will give us enthusiasm if we understand what we're talking about. something that will encourage us and it will give us a good a good hold a good positioning in the message. The main reason is Jesus Christ is the only real a perfect real realization is the only durable realization is the only eternal realization. I'm going to let the prophet speak for a little bit in the message to whom shall we go. I preach on uh uh uh July 4th uh uh June 4th, 1960. Uh if you you can listen to the authorized voice it says. Now one thing I want to say the six the sixth thing [Music] the sixth thing he is the only lasting achievement Jesus is the only lasting achievement. Tell me anything that you got that you could get that may that could you could achieve that would be eternal outside of Jesus Christ. There's nothing that we can achieve in this world that could be eternal. Any everything is is is going to pass by. Everything will perish. Build a fine house. a a fine house. We have a lot of good uh fine house. But when a tsunami comes, when fire comes, everything is gone. And we we are stay we stay behind coin, we can build a fine house, get a million dollars, be the most popular woman in the country. We can call everything. We we work hard and we run after money. All things will pass away if Christ doesn't have his place in your life. Be the uh the most popular woman in the country, strongest man that ever walked on the streets. be the world record uh prize fighter. Whatever you want to [Music] be. See, see if you don't wink and twinkle and die to be the most famous preacher in the world followed by many people with acclamations. We saw those things. It passed by. We don't even talk about them anymore. The to be a preacher just the moment you come through the door to come and everybody people coming all across all of those things will pass because there's only one eternal thing and that's Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ. How look how he was like a a feeble where he was the strongest of all. He looked like a poor but all the gold and silver belonged to him. He looked like a a a person with no value but he was the most powerful. But year when God lifts you up a little bit, I want everybody to look at us. Those things the elect will not be attracted to those. The prophet says uh whatever you want to be look if you don't twinkle h dwindle and twinkle and die. That's right. It won't take but few sons to do it. So the only eternal achievement there is is Jesus Christ. Now listen to the prophet. He is the most and best that we can achieve for let's make that our achievement. Then let's be sure that we get him. We come to church like I said it in the beginning. It's to see Jesus, to accept him, to identif identify with him, and to be one with him. [Music] It's him that has things that he can give to you and nobody else. And be sure to receive him when you come here. Let's be sure that we have him. You could be a preacher. [Music] You could be you might be a pastor. There are titles. It's a function. It goes away. You might be a deacon. You might be a church member. But if you haven't you you haven't in your achievement, it's not sufficient to just be [Music] that it's to go and go all the way until you get Christ. The messenger says you might you might achieve and say I won't stop till I become a preacher. The pastor knows me already. I continue to do certain things. Until I get his attention, I'm not going to until I become a preacher, too. They are ambitions. I won't stop till I till I become a deacon. I know that deacons have power. They can come together. and take make decision. I have to come and go to their group. I won't stop till I become a church member. But says, "Done things are right and honorable. But listen here, brother. Don't stop short of Jesus Christ or you haven't gotten an eternal achievement because your pastor and [Music] all your work as a pastor will soon fade away. Your work as a deacon will soon go when you sleep. You know they'll speak about you. He was a good brother. He was visible and then after a moment forgotten. Is that true? Listen then your work uh your your work as a deacon will soon go. Your church membership will be long dismissed will will long be dismissed from minds of the people just in a little while to come. But if you've you've achieved Jesus Christ, then you've got eternal life and you can never die. [Music] That's why we come here. So we can achieve this perfect realization. And to be led and to be anchored into this realization. Look, we have a lot of uh uharmacies in this uh town uh uh town uh to help uh natural health. Go tell me which pharmacy you can go and get a a medicine that will give you an eternal health. There is none. We there there's a lot of commentary and a lot of publicities on the medicine. It's a lie so you can buy it. There's no medicine that will change you from an old man to a young [Music] person. take away the wrinkles and everything, but could to the contrary, it multiplies it. [Music] There's no medicine that will make you holy in your conduct. There's none that can give you joy and peace. And remember my Christian friends, you've come many times to the altar. Many times you come in in tears and in many times you've renew your engagements with Christ. At the end of the preaching, your heart is touched. You are in tears. Then you come to the altar, oh Lord. Oh Lord, I renew my engagement. We we've done that many times. And you find a way to to to take away the guilt. And I invite you uh uh truly this morning to to free yourself completely. to know that Jesus took your place. He took your iniquity upon him, not asking anything from [Music] you. You just need to accept what he did for you when the children of Israel when they were bitten by the venomous snake in the wilderness. God told Moses and says, "Just take the the the serpent and lift him up, and whichsoever was bitten by the snakeortal." Now remember, every bite of the serpent was mortal. But whoever was bitten by the serpent as long as they looked at the serpent on the cross, they they kept life in them. It it wasn't about reasoning. Just look and and just look. That's what God said. When God speaks, he knows what he's talking about. Just look and you will have life. And those that were doing that, they were receiving life. Those that were reasoning and doubting, they were dying. It was only a type. John 3:16 said, "God so loved the world. If you believe God loves you, God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son for those that will believe him just to believe just to believe that he died for you. Just believe that he took your sin upon you. You are no longer a sinner. He took your place. He just ask you one thing and that is to believe in what he said. To believe the sacrifice of the cross so you can have life. To believe the blood that was shed, the blood that was the life that was given which is the life of God comes upon you and you become a changed person. It's not complicated. It's not It doesn't require explanation. Just believe the word. Then my friends, my my my my friends [Music] listen. directly with this entire message, you are changed instantly and you'll find joy. [Music] The most important thing in the church, it's not to look to the left, to the right, or the one who's speaking with what accents they speaking in. But the most important thing is to listen to what's being preached. Even if you didn't have faith, as you are listening with attention, what you are listening to will create the faith in you. Faith comes from what we are hearing and what we are hearing from the word of God. Don't be distracted in your thinking. So just pay attention and listen what God in his grace will produce the faith in you. Jesus Christ the rock of Asia said the one who will eat my flesh and drink my blood will have life in him and I will raise him up in the last day. And he also said that if this earthly temple be destroyed, we have another waiting. [Music] He proved that when he died, he came back to life and he promised rapture to change a change of house in in the body. We will continually be young. And I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ this message of the hour, it's the only perfect realization and achievement that's perfect. Jesus Christ is the only one that has eternal life. He's the only one that can give the joy that we can ever explain. [Music] But you have to go all the way to him in order to understand that. Otherwise, you're going to uh uh uh just have a headache with all kinds of imaginations. you have to go all the way to him to understand what's being talked about. You know, uh the the Jews of that time, they said of him that this man was be elabub and his dad. They never went all the way to him. They never really followed him as the way to follow. It's like a man giving his opinion upon an apple that they never eaten. You have to bite the apple so you can give your opinion. It's to you have to get to Jesus to meet him. So you know who he is. There's only one God and that's the Lord Jesus Christ. It's the only eternal achievement and perfect achievement. He's the first and the last. He's the alpha and omega and everything that we have need of is in him. Why did they not understand him? Because of his humility. Jesus was a a humble man. A a man that was not even of any knowledge. God himself manifested in human being. But look at today. It's just a little function in the church. Uh people have to know that you are there. Everybody has to stand up when you when you coming by is everybody has to honor you. Those things are not helpful. They they they they move away those that are needing God. Man wants to see God in another man for them to believe him. Jesus is the model. The prophet was also one of the models. See, if there was to be a popular man upon this earth, it was going to be William Brham, but who talks about him? The the in the the book of Encyclopedia, there's no mention of him. They speaks they speak about all the other men of God but not yet. God was manifested in that man. But he was so uh moved away but in front of him you look like you were the greatest. But yet people with just a little bit of money they want to see people want to see them as following them. says in the message to whom shall we go the first of all he's the way and secondly he's the truth we can we can speak the truth but we are all men subject to errors but Jesus was the truth it's the truth uh uh within a human being. And and thirdly is the light. And [Music] fourthly is the only eternal foundation. And fifth is the only eternal joy. Eternal joy. Okay. Six. [Music] is the only lasting achievement. He is. The prophet says, "Show me a place, a place where you can go or something that you can do or something that you can achieve that will last that would last forever outside of Jesus Christ. All the men, the great leaders, political leaders that great that had great realization, we talk about them, but they all passed away, all the religious leaders, even in our generation that they had a they had a lot of uh [Music] places. They even talked about how they won't die. They will be in the rapture. They passed away. That's why we should uh set ourselves on the only eternal achievement and that's the only thing that will last. Don't follow a man because signs and wonders are following him. That's not the most important thing. The most important thing is to stay with the message the the wish uh uh uh they they they do signs and wonders, but God, he's the word. [Music] Tell me if you can build a house that's lasting forever. Tell me if you can build a popularity that's eternal. It doesn't exist. The your your the world will be carried out when you your your your your name is pronounced. Some will even go and say, "Oh, without him, we won't understand the message." The message you understanded by the Holy Spirit, not by a man. We are we are preaching. But it's the Holy Spirit. He will distribute the word to the people. I cannot make you understand the message. It's the Holy Spirit that does that. Tell me to if you can have any eternal popularity. When I'm speaking, I want you to to think to think about the world. You will see these things. There were people that were very popular. Oh, when they talk about him, everybody says that and some will even fight for him. and don't talk about him. But those things are carnal. There's only one person that's eternal and that's Jesus Christ. Tell me if you can acquire riches, so many riches that they become eternal. Look, Sometimes we're not even happy with his own riches. We cannot be happy as long as we live for ourselves, a lot of money, to have a lot of money. And to say that I have a a million dollars. Oh, I will I will celebrate my fifth million in a couple of months. It will not make you [Music] happy. There's more joy in giving than to receive. It's when you give that's when you feel happy. When we get for ourselves, it's only the the the selfishness and it will never bring you anything. You cannot do that. Nothing outside of Jesus Christ is the only lasting [Music] achievement. And if you have had a lot of achievements in your life, you have never achieved anything eternal unless you achieve Jesus Christ. and you have not received him in your heart. And this morning, may God help us to get to this eternal achievement and to have that in our hearts. It's that's the achievement that transform us into true sons and daughters of God. It's that realization in us. It will take away the old habits that we've carried away from the [Music] world. The world trained us into drugs. Drugs and young people. Be careful with with with bad company. Little by little you will get into drugs. I've seen that in Washington. I was in August, last August. Uh the young men in in drugs and they they have hair that are just all messed up. They can't even control their own with paints that are falling down. It's the company that you hang around that brings you in those things. But when you listen to this message, this message that is God himself manifests and when you listen attentively to the message, that message will remove that thirst in you and make you a modest. It will make you a a one that's worthy of trust because in your attitude, in your presentation, nobody can give can can can uh uh have trust in you. If they call an Uber to take you and somebody comes with their hair all messed up, I'll say, "Oh, excuse me. Uh, how much is the trip? I'll pay you the trip. I'll let you go by yourself because your presentation is carrying me. Only Jesus, this message will change you. Only Jesus. This message, not a man. That's why listen closely. Listen closely and you will understand. It's God speaking to you. because we are here. So we can repeat what God has already said. The only lasting achievement he says I was dead and now I am alive for century and century. I have the key of death and of hell. We have nothing to fear. He has everything in his hands. My friends, Jesus is the true bread that's come down from heaven. The manner in the wilderness was only a type. And whosoever eat of this bread that came down from [Music] heaven will never be hungry like the children of Israel in the world. They they never they never needed to come back and eat. When the message touches your heart from transformation into transformation, it's not a one time It comes progressively. It's like that black woman. I'm not what I used to be. I'm not what I want to be. I'm in the transformation. I am on the road. And we are on the road. Mercy friend. Thank you, Father. Then at the moment that you have believed him, you have eternal life. And that's the reality. We we don't need a shadow. We don't need a partial salvation. We have a complete salvation because Jesus is not a part of God. It is God himself made manifest. Jesus is not a sent from God, but it's God himself. It's the eternal Jehovah, the word meant flesh. That's the Jesus that we are worshiping. With this eternal realization, authentic uh genuine, authentic, you will never fail. Regardless of what comes on your way, you'll have a lot of trials, but have confidence in the eternal realization. You will never fail. It's telling you I know your tribulation. I know your suffering. Just be conscious that he knows about it and he has everything under control. And then my brother and my sister, we cannot be lied to to to walk behind celebrities that are passing by. The men of God. I I say it with a lot of pain. Many men of God, the pastor, apostles and others are trying to impress They make themselves popular so they can attract people. Adam never preached so he can attract people to his church. What he always looked for people to him that he was connected to. My my my dear friend uh brothers and sisters there's nothing There's nobody in the world that could produce what Jesus produced then the elect that get into contact directly with this that divine message. They coming they they standing face to face with the son of manifest. They are feeding upon the son of man. the word manifested. Uh one time in Miami, Banana was supposed to preach on a campaign, a a businessman. He had fallen from a horse a couple of years before [Music] and he had his end twisted and broken up and and his hand and arm. And when he heard the prophet was in Miami for a campaign, he didn't go because he believed, but he went to criticize. But as as as soon as the message was being preached, he be he started to become more and more attentive to what was being preached. He understood that this was not some kind of gimmicks, that it was something real. And the more he listened with attention and the more he began to have faith. And his faith was so much grown that that touched the prophet wherever he was. And he turned and you with a white shirt sitting over there forth in the set such and such robe. God has healed you. And when he said that, the man stood up and his arm was right. And when his wife that was there with all the kind of makeups, when he saw his husband healed, she jumped and she fell. What produced that? Attentiveness to the word. Many people have been healed just first time they came to the church. They come as curious people. But in listening, in listening they understood that is not just a bread winner but this is the truth and the truth will deliver you and many people have been delivered that way. The Bible says yesterday, today, and forever. You don't need for people to just lay hands on you. What you need is in the word that's been preached. If you believe it, you can do more than your thinking. In this Bible, there's a lot of testimonies [Music] men and women that were determined to rest upon Jesus Christ regardless of whatever was happening around them. They understood that with without Jesus Christ they were done. They saw in him the eternal achievement that was authentic and they took position for him regardless of age. They rested upon him. Uh I was thinking about the case of Gyrus. If I could read that in the Bible in Mark chapter 5 verse 22. And then they came one of the the the chieft of the synagogues. His name was Gyrus. Whom when he saw Jesus. He he uh when he saw him he fell at his feet. He was a man who was who had a a they had a regard of him in the church. And Jesus was somebody that people didn't want him in the church. But Gyrus find himself in a very difficult state. [Music] He only saw he saw nothing else except in Jesus that which he was looking for. And as a religious person, he know he knew he knew that you couldn't kneel before a man. But when he saw Jesus, the Bible said he he went and he fell down at his feet. because he found in Jesus more than a man. Brother, Jesus is more than a man. And as I'm speaking to you, he's here right now because he said, "Where two or three gather in my name, I will be in the midst." If you believe that, many things can happen. He I fall to his feet and and and besought him greatly, saying, "Is this this?" Yeah. He besought him greatly, saying, "My little daughter daughter lith at the point of death. I pray he come and laid a hand on her and she may be healed." Gyrus saw in Jesus the salvation of her daughter. The doctors could not help him. We we we go through things in life about [Music] health and where doctors can do nothing. But let me tell you that our Jesus will heal all. And even if he doesn't heal me, love him and serve him always. You saw me read my Bible without glasses. I was condemned. They had to do surgery for cataract with three three times. But God extended his hand. I threw away the glasses and today I can read the Bible without glasses without being God is here this morning. He can do it for you. I can give my testimony one day that you already know because this testimony helps a lot of people I was uh uh operated upon for the the the the on my spine uh in 2001 I'm sorry in 2002 2000 2001 2001 and when they they did surgery They told [Music] me there's another disc up here that has gotten old that will cause problems later on. It was in 2001 in 2007. I was on my bed and when I moved I I was screaming pain and I couldn't move anymore. The first surgery It kept me almost I felt like I was divided in a house. I felt like I was divided. They took uh one of the discs and for about five years from 2001 to 2007 we always feel that separation between the top and the bottom. But in 2007 When the pain for the upper disc started hurting, I go to the hospital. They do the test. That disc has also gone bad. We need to take it out. I said, "Lord, at my age, I'm going to get this other one taken out." I was troubled. God led me to go to church and to go and pray about 5:00 a.m. in the morning. I just prayed just a little prayer. I said, "Lord, you are always the great creator. You can create a new disc on the one that's old." I I pray that way. Amen. I said, "Amen." Three days later, three days later, I'm telling you the truth, I'm sleeping. I saw that I was on the bed uh in the hospital bed and I was I had just had surgery with this up here and as I was coming out of uh uh the anesthesia and there was a doctor standing next to me. He said I want you to go on the bed the other bed that's lower. I said no I have a lot of pain. I can't. He commanded me go down. And when I obeyed to his word to go down, I screamed of pain. And I and then I was on that bed. When I woke up, I moved there's no pain. I moved and here there's no more pain. I saw it. I did things. I can go up on mountains. Um uh I went on the um camel mountain camel back camel mountain Arizona uh camel back mountain in Arizona to go all the way up for two hours. I never had any more pain and that God is listening to your cry. He knows your pain. You can do more than you can ask if you give your faith to him. If you only believe, all things are possible. And Gyrus, what did Gyrus do? He brought Jesus to his house. You know the story when he got [Music] there. The child that was already there, he raised them up. If we can go to the end, that same Jesus who's the only eternal achievement, he's not he's not a god of history. He's present and in his is in his word. When you only believe his word, you believe what's said in the scriptures, God will bring it to pass. God will bring what your desire is. Even when you don't have faith in coming here, but when you come back to everything that was said and you recognize it to be the truth, everything can change at that moment. I know a lot of people that have come and sit in churches just in listening a simple exhortation and to see the truth in the exhortation without talking to the pastor or the deacons they went back delivered the same God this morning let's bow our heads If the musicians could come at this time, my brother, my sister, let me tell you, we possess a Jesus that has died for us. We are not good. Trust me, we have never been good. No man will ever be good. My Jesus Christ. But Jesus Christ was the perfect sacrifice from God. And by his blood that was shed and by his uh obedience to the father, we can possess every gate of the enemy. We can triumph everything by Jesus Christ. We are eternally secured. We are we are eternally secure, my brother, my sister, if you believe for to into what he did for you. All that we need is a little into a conference with Jesus. When you are when things goes to where you don't understand with the events in this world all you need is a conference with Jesus Christ the eternal achievement and do have that conference in all understanding. It's going to fix everything. It's going to dissipate all the anguish friend Christians. You know that he loves you in his mercy. You don't merit his love. We merit or we all merit help. But in his mercy, but in his grace, he loves us. He took our place at the cross. We have one thing to do is to remind him of his promise. You said that you will never leave me. Just remind him of you will never leave me. You will never forsake me. You believe that with all your heart. Remind him that. Your promise says that you you you you swear by your own self that you will never leave me that you will never forsake me. Lord, take my heart as I give it to you that you may take away all the doubts that from this time on you are my perfect eternal achievement. I want more of you in my life from day on. Oh God, I want more of you. Let me lean upon you, oh Lord, knowing that all all other things will only be sinking sand. Oh great Jehovah, thank you for you. Thank you for the people Lord that have follow with attention. My prayer Lord that the benefit of this message of this end time message may be a portion for each one. You know every need not working in the life of the person. that you said that it's by your your your your your merrices that we have been healed by your stripes and that is in the past. And as your servant in the name of Jesus Christ, I declare of no power all demons of sickness. cast them out in the name of Jesus and I declare my brother my sisters all that believe I declare them well in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you Lord. Thank you God. Bless our pastor. Bless this church and all the glory comes to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Wasn't that wonderful? I'm certainly believe that it spoke to my heart. Let's stand together this morning. I enjoyed how wonderfully our brother raised him up out of history. Many people think of the Lord Jesus as being the man that walked 2,000 years ago and they look back on the history of what that he was. But to realize that he is alive in his word today and he's here present with us and he's still here to do exceedingly and abundantly above what we can ask or think. And I love how our brother brought out about Gyrus when Gyrus saw him. Gyrus knew because the Jews were taught he even said why do you call me good? You know that no man is good but the father. So if I'm good, who must it be? Gyrus knew better. But when he saw Jesus, he fell at his feet, he wasn't ashamed. Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ because it's the power of God and his salvation." And in the same chapter that our brother read out of, they began to question Jesus. And they said and and they they murmured amongst themselves saying and they said, "Is this not this Jesus the son of Joseph whose father and mother we know? And how is it then that he saith, I come down from heaven? And then Jesus just simply answered. He says, why do you why murmur not amongst yourselves? And then he speaks these words. And these are the words I want to ask you this morning. If you listen this morning, Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, No man can come to me except the father which hath sent me draw him and I will raise him up in the last day. And my question simply this morning, I hope that you did. Did you feel him drawing you this morning? Did you feel the word calling you? Did Did you see him move towards you? Did he draw an eye nigh unto you this morning and talk to your heart as you heard the word of God and you heard the power of God and you heard the testimonies? Did you find him calling you to a maybe a little higher walk? And that's the question this morning. Will you answer that call? I know I can do better this morning. I'll stand in front of everybody. I know I can do better. I feel a pull to do better. And I'm asking you this morning, maybe you don't know him. You don't know the power of the God that our brother spoke about this morning. I mean, you know it exists, but you've never experienced it for yourself. You've never experienced his touch. You've never surrendered to him. And you feel that call this morning. and you feel that draw this morning and you want to invite him into your life. You want to say, "Lord Jesus, I heard a man talk about you this morning, and I could tell that he knew what he was talking about. He experienced your reality and I can see your reality in his life through his testimony and and I want that in my life. I can't have his experience but I want my own experience. I know you historically Lord. I know what you can do. I know all about you, but like this morning, I feel you personally drawing me to you. I heard the words. I heard what he was saying. I heard the call on my heart. I heard you tugging at my my soul. You're inviting me to come to you. I want to give you that opportunity this morning to answer that draw because you can't even come to the father unless he draws you. You can't even know him unless he's invited you to know him. And I'm just asking you this morning if there's one amongst us that he's [Music] invited, he's drawn you, he's touched you, and you felt him calling you to draw nigh unto him. if you wouldn't be ashamed and you'd like to come and be prayed for this morning. I want to make that opportunity for you to come. You can't come unless he draws. No man can cometh unto me lest my father which hath sent me draw him. And you feel this morning you feel the pull on your heart. I'd like to sing that little song. There is a blood. Would you have a mic? And I want to make the [Music] invitation to you this morning. Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and I'll give you rest. [Music] So you just pray in your heart and let's trust our Lord. Help me sing it. There is a death that cost life that came by wing and death. Let it flow down from the cross. My sin forgone. My sins forgone. There is a [Music] grave that tried to find his precious blood that gave me life. But [Music] he breathe again and ro in my face. So I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he cries every tear and all. And so I come to tell you that he's safe, to shout and to pro that he's coming back for you. There is a that [Music] sh the ling. It has the power to free the ground as shon. [Music] Oh [Music] glor to cle my soul and do the [Music] glory because he to make me whole. I own my I so I come to tell you he's alive to tell you that he's right there. [Music] So I come to tell you that he's s to shout and to proclaim that he's done that for [Music] you. Trust this morning that the Lord spoke to your heart. [Music] For whatever need you had this morning, I believe he spread his garment out for you to [Music] touch. [Music] Sing that Jesus shed for be way [Music] pastry. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. [Music] For he reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never use his power. to my [Music] [Applause] I might the blood that gives me strength [Applause] Someday today it will [Applause] [Music] never for the highest mountain [Music] Come to the Lord. Oh, the God that gives me strength. From day to day, he will lose his power. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Do you believe he knows what you have need of? I trust this morning if he tugged at your heart this morning. And I trust that if you found yourself short in the sight of his word, that you didn't walk away and turn down his call. Cuz one day you'll never hear it. One day he won't draw you no more. He won't touch you no more. And you'll just go on living life. So you have to be honest with yourself this morning. If he spoke to you, you respond by the uplift of your hand by you respond to that draw. I I just beg you, don't turn them away. Don't turn them away. Maybe you just say, "I feel that. [Music] I feel the I hear the call [Music] and I know his spirit is moving me to give my all. Oh, did you feel it this morning? He speaks to me. He be and [Music] I glory table. I feel the [Music] home at night. I hate him and I began to dry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. I can't [Music] explain the spirit's growing deep [Music] within my spirit here in my soul cuz I feel the I Hear the call. I feel the poor. I hear the call. I hear the call. And I know moving to my Is he moving you this morning? You speak to me. Oh, speak to me, Lord. Speak to me. And [Music] I Lord is my take. I feel the voice. I will to hear the word and with his love praise. When he was calling me to give a higher praise. Oh, and there a deep call to the deep like a great me. I know for sure that I reach the road cuz I feel [Music] the I feel the I feel the I hear the call. I hear the call. And I know his spirit is moving me to give my own. He speaks to me. He speaks to me. And I bring the [Music] dream I feel the [Music] Amen. As those that have come this morning that the Lord has touched their hearts and pulled upon them to come for prayer. We believe that they're going to receive a wonderful answer, don't you? And in your own personal heart this morning, if you reached out to touch the hem of his garment, you have faith. You take what little faith you have and you mix it with the eternal word of God and see what God will do for you. If you've never been baptized in Christian baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we have a pool available to you. If you want to just make that commitment in your life that you've repented of your sins and and you want to be baptized, we we have a pool. will be happy to baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's the only Christian baptism there ever was. For the Lord Jesus Christ is the name of the father, the son, and the Holy Ghost. We want to make daddy invite to you this morning as the spirit of God's invited you this morning to rededicate your life and to be more consecrated to step up a little higher and become a little more serious about the hour and the battle we're in. I just trust it's been a blessing to you this morning as it's been a blessing to me this morning. I appreciate it, brother Raphael, for the wonderful word of God this morning. It moved on my spirit as I'm sure it did yours also. Remember this evening is communion and footwashing. One of the things he pulls you to do, every believer that's in here that names the name of the word of the Lord is invited to come to communion and footwashing. Don't turn it aside. Make a special effort. Amen. If you don't have enough gas, I'll help you with gas to come to communion. I don't know what else there could be in this world that you would rather do than come back to the house of the Lord and break bread and with the saints and take the cup of our redemption in memory of what that Eve done. Examine yourself, church. Examine yourself. The standards are high and he's calling us. So I I I just trust that you will look at your afternoon and see what you've placed ahead. Weigh yourself in the light of God's word and and start making the choices. that help you go down this great journey. Let us pray. Our gracious father, Lord, I believe with all my heart that you spoke to us this morning as an assembly and as individuals that each of us has to make that personal contact with you and your word. And that leadership, Father, must come into our hearts and our minds that we live solely and holy for you all the days of our life. Surrender, Father. And I thank you for reminding of that this morning that we must know you. We must be in fellowship with you and we must go to you and talk it over with you, Lord. That we would find you this morning. that we'd invite you into our hearts, invite you into our lives. Thank you, Father, once again, for reaching down and touching and drawing our hearts. And Father, for those whom you reached this morning and they felt the pull. And father, maybe their battle in their mind was so strong that they just didn't know how to move towards you. I pray, Father, that you would enlighten them and con continue to deal with their hearts and continually to speak to them. Father, they come to that hour of surrender where they throw it all down at your feet and they finally give up and they let you come into your their lives and and that you can abide with them even in them till the end. That's our prayer for each heart this morning. Lord, I know those you reached and touched some hearts this morning. Father, continue to draw us. Continue to give us the pull. [Music] Be not angry with this heart, gracious father, but let your grace be our portion. I pray. Bless this people tonight, this morning that have come out. Father, you've drawn back to you this evening to have a time of fellowship and footwashing and ministering to one another. I pray that you bless their day. I pray you bless their weak, Father. May they be prosperous in good health. Father, touch the sick and afflicted amongst us, the burdened heart. Lord, I I believe it was Sister Irish's friends that Lord have just entered in such a time of sorrow. Lord, we don't understand, but we know you know all things. I ask, Father, that you would just bless and I ask in your name because you said, "Ask anything of the Father in my name and he will grant it." So, Father, I come to you in that precious and wonderful name of Jesus and ask that you give some solace and comfort and touch to those young lives that were just taken from us. Father, may our hearts be tender. We ask these things in your precious name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Is God good all the time? Let's sing it. You are dismissed this morning. Look forward to fellowship this evening. I get might be a little cold out there, but you're welcome to go into the fellowship hall and fellowship if you so desire. Amen. Oh, if you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. want to promise you to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all [Music] time. God is good all the time. Go through the darkest night and light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. I like this verse. We were sinners so unworthy. Still for us he chose to die. fulfill us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify through his everlasting and his mercy. They will never end. [Music] Holy [Music] Glory. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. [Music] Morning God. [Music]
