################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - [2025-06-18wed] A Stranger In Egypt  Br. David McGeary Jr. - David McGeary Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   [2025-06-18wed] A Stranger In Egypt | Br. David McGeary Jr.
Speaker: David McGeary Jr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anvpX_SBPQk
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You feel me? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy [Music] birthday. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Let's all stand and sing that tonight. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awesome. Oh, heal me when I'm broken. strength when I've been he oh and forever he will [Music] my God is awome you are awome oh you are awome and all oh and my God is awome Oh savior of the world. He's the giver of salvation. Oh by his stripes I'm he [Music] my God is oh and to thee I am forgi. His grace is why heavenly. Oh I praise his holy name. My God is awesome. Oh, you are awome. Oh, and awesome. Oh, and aome. Oh my God is awesome. Oh, savior of the whole. Oh, giver of salvation. Oh, by his stripes I'm healed. My God is all to thee I am forgiver. His grace is worthy. Oh, praise his holy name. [Music] My God is awesome. Oh, and awesome. Oh, you're our son. Oh, and a [Music] pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Sure. my thirsty soul and come and follow Christ on me. Fill my cup for again. Oh, heal my heart and make me bold. Oh, I need you now. Oh, pour your spirit out. Oh, and pour your spirit out on me. [Music] Oh, s Oh my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Heal my cup again. Oh, heal my heart. Heal my heart. Oh, and make me whole. Oh, and I need you now. Oh, pour your spirit out. Oh, and Lord, I seek you. You help me find you. How I need it all. Is that your heart desire? I [Music] find my crying broken places. [Music] Thirsting for your love. Oh, and Lord, forive me if I want. Oh, far away from you. Oh, you are [Music] Oh, pour your spirit out of me. Oh, I fall just like the rain. Oh, sill [Music] my cup again. Oh, heal my heart. Heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, and I need you now for your spirit. Hallelujah. Amen. So wonderful to be in his presence, man. That his spirit may just come and move upon us as we gathered. It's good to see brother Jose, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. And it's good to see sister Nikki. God bless you. And all of those are visitors. We welcome you. God bless you. Good to see you. God bless you all. It's like there is nothing uh more beautiful than uh being here I'm among you, you know, between you. you really miss the uh fellowship and uh to be with you. You know, when you're like like out of of town for so many days, then you really miss to be in this fellowship, right? Let's pray. foreign. [Music] Amen. Yeah. [Music] [Music] Gracias. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We turn around and welcome someone tonight in the house of God. Amen. It's man. Brother Tommy, Brother Andrew, welcome. God bless you. Have your seats. Amen. Amen. Let's sing by and by when the morning comes. Oh by and by when the morning come. Oh, and when all the saints are glad I gather, we will tell the story of how we overcome by and from the restless sea of God for high sed. Sunshine perfect. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Glory of how we overcome for [Music] my Oh, and we are destitute of the things of life. Oh, what a sense of thirsty healing. For we are trusting in the Lord and I through his word for when I understand my heart. Oh my morning. Oh, the same song might tell the story of how we overcome. For I understand. [Music] Oh, and temptation hated all take on our way. For our hearts are made to bleed. So many thoughts were deep and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best for us will understand it better by [Music] the us got to guide us all and we will tell the story how we overcome. Oh, I understand. [Applause] Oh, and wonderful, wonderful. Oh, Jesus is to me. Absolute prince of peace. Mighty God is in. for saving me and keeping me hopeful from all sin I said. Oh, and wonderful is my redeemer praise. Oh, and how my heart sings of joy and gladness. Oh Jesus save satisfies that he saves my s. Oh I hallelujah. Oh be like to oh and Jesus is wonderful. Oh my. Oh he is wonderful. Wonderful. Oh Jesus is the name. He's my worship me. Oh mighty God is sing. Oh and saving me and keeping me from the horse and shame. Oh and wonderful my redeemer praise. Oh and once a slave now I'm free. Oh free from condemnation. Oh Jesus gave liberty and the for salvation all the saints of the past have also gave oh and mighty God. Oh is wonderful wonderful. Oh Jesus is to me is my counselor prince of peace. Almighty God is he for saving me and keeping me from all sin. Oh wonderful to my bra. Oh and I am a living king with my Lord be a holy day by day. Holy For I change grace is rock for my holy station. For since my soul has received for wonderful wonderful Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Oh mighty mighty saving me and saving me from s. Oh wonderful again and I am living. [Music] Oh king. [Music] Oh, and all I know is all I sense my soul has received. Full and free. Oh, he is wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Almighty God is he saving me and keeping me. Oh, and wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. What have been if I could just sing a special for us? Amen. God bless you, Saints. I didn't plan on singing, but Billy, when he asks you, there's only one answer. We always got a song for the Lord, don't we? Y'all know this song. It's a power of your love. So, y'all just help me sing it. Where's John? John, what key is this in? He always knows. Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. [Music] And Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away [Music] by the power of your love. [Music] Hold me close. [Music] Let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near and bring me near. Oh, and draw me to your draw me to your side. [Music] Z away. I will rise up like an eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. And Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see your face to face. Oh, the knowledge of your love as you live in me. [Music] Oh, and Lord, renew my mind as your will unfolds in my life. am living every day [Music] by the power of your love. Hold me close [Music] me close. Let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near and breathe me near. Oh, and draw me to your draw me to your side. [Music] Fly away. I'll rise up like a knee. Eagle and I will sore with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. Hallelujah. Draw me close to you. Never let me go. [Music] I lay it all down again. [Music] And to hear you say that I'm friend. Oh, and you are my desire and no one else will do cuz nothing else could take your place. [Music] Oh, to feel the warmth of your grace. Oh, and help me fight the wind. Bring me back to you. Sing this with all you've got. Oh, and you're all I want. [Music] You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. Oh, and you're all I want. Lord. [Music] Amen. Is it all you want today? Amen. Certainly thankful for that. Amen. My phone died and I had some requests on there. I couldn't find it. So, I just I know uh uh brother Jose submitted a testimony. Just wanting to thank everybody for their prayers um for Sister Raquel. We're certainly thankful that the Lord has brought her through and that we pray that she may have a faster recovery. Amen. Amen. and want to continue to remember our pastor that the Lord will bring him. I talked to him today. He was on the way to church. We just want to pray that the Lord will be with him and bring him back safe. I know brother Matthew is out preaching. I I was talking to him. I said I don't know how he does that. I just I don't know. I told him he has he must have callous on his voice, you know, just we certainly thank the Lord for what he does and certainly doing it for the body of Christ and we pray the Lord strengthen him. Like I said, it's good to see brother Andrew, brother um Tommy back and in the house of God. If you have a need upon your heart, why don't you just lift your hand up to him tonight? Man, he's here to answer the needs and the cry of his children. Amen. The Lord's manifestation today is in his body. That's where you'll see him. Amen. Brother Tommy, if you could just come and take this knees before the church, the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come at this time. [Music] [Music] You know, I kind of feel like Jose, you know, when you're gone and you come back, it's we don't know how good we have it until you come back. And when you're gone, you're like, man, I wish I was home. But, you know, we had an opportunity to go to another church and very small group, but it just makes us realize how lucky we are. Everybody here loves each other so much and we have such a big group and everybody's cares so much about each other. And you know, when you're out there and you're amongst the world, people don't care about each other. They just don't care. But let's just go before the Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're so grateful, Lord, to be in your house this evening, Lord. And Lord, we look to you to prepare our hearts, Lord. And Lord, may we receive what you have for us the even this evening, Lord. and may the minister come forth and just deliver the word in a mighty powerful way, Lord. May he put himself aside and allow you to just take over his vessel, Lord. Lord, may you take over each vessel in in this house this evening, Lord. And may we just surrender our hearts to you, Lord, and just give it all to you, Lord. We're we're so grateful, Lord, just to to know you, Lord, and to be able to have the revelation of this message is just so wonderful, Lord. We're such a great and lucky people, Lord. Lord, you've you've blessed us so much, Lord. And there's nothing in this world that's worth this message, Lord. This this message is everything, Lord. Lord, and we're so grateful for that, Lord. Lord, we just look to you to bless the tithes and offerings, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you once again for just the life you've given us, Lord, and for Calvary, Lord. Lord, for those stripes you received for our sister, Lord. Lord, we thank you for her healing, Lord. Lord, we're so grateful, Lord, just to see our sister healed, Lord. And Lord, may you just be with her, Lord, and give her a speedy recovery, Lord. We love you and praise you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Sister Joy has a testimony for us. If she could come at this time, rather nervous, but I'll try to keep this concise and as short as I can. And I brought tissues because I don't cry. But about six months ago exactly, um I discovered that I had a cyst in my hand um right where my left ring finger meets my palm. There didn't seem to be much concern at first. It didn't really bother me too much and I could easily forget about it unless I specifically felt for it and I figured it would just easily dissolve and go away on its own. Um as time progressed, it got a bit bigger. it seemed to become u less malleable and harder uh within my hand. Um and when it did that the surrounding nerves and tendons became a bit more sensitive and it would sort of ink when touched or if I moved my thumb across it especially if I also stretched my fingers apart in the right way I could feel it into my uh middle finger there as well. Um and I could feel that strain when I flex my hand certain ways. And of course, as you all know, I played my viola every service. And one of the main things I have to do to play the instrument uh are quick stretches and movements with my left hand. And there would be times uh that there was enough sensitivity that particular night, that particular day uh that'd make it a bit more painful to play. And I never wanted to give that up. And I never wanted to have that prevent me from playing because I felt that this is one of the services that I do for the Lord and one of my favorite ways to enter into the worship of a service. And lately, I've been truly blessed by what our pastor and ministers have been preaching lately, especially about coming into our position, moving forward in faith, and having expectation. And the last few weeks have really been powerful in that. And I've wanted to move towards deeper revelation of that personally. And I just seemed over the past probably month, month and a half that just became more sensitive at the same time. And then brother Billy preached just last uh the Sunday before on expectation by revelation and it just really blessed me. And again, my hand just seemed to kind of be on my mind a bit more. it seemed to get more painful and that ache it was just kind of on my mind just um but I just felt something in my heart say like why am I letting this worry me and I have a god you can take this away and I was struggling to feel confident in my own faith there was just a lot of unnecessary doubts just going through my mind I was just even questioning like why am I am I doubting this why am I coming across this um in this way um but then I was actually um working through a personal devotional I came across a quote in a passage that really meant a lot to me. It's actually um one I've had for for years and it's the the my quiet time, the ones that they gave out years and years ago uh through voice of God. And um I'd probably come back to and actually just start using it as my my daily devotional. And it uh usually has a quote uh scripture and then just uh areas for your notes. And um I've been using it just to write out prayers and to write out my thoughts. And um and last Saturday on the 14th uh there was a particular quote from uh brother Brandham um from testimony uh preaching 63 and it's when he's talking about being on the mountain and when the the storm came and he uh was trying to find his way back and u and he says and staying there at that time I raised up and I said Lord God great creator of nature I believe that is you speaking not one time have you ever showed me anything that was wrong and not one time you let me say anything but what come to pass I said therefore I say to this storm that's a raging go to your places go back leave this alone command that the sun will shine for the next four days till these men can get their trophies and I can get them help them get them and get them out of these mountains and the Lord God who is my solemn judge this morning that rain and things twisting within a moment's time there wasn't a bit of it I looked and there was a wind come from the other way across the top of the mountain and lift up those clouds like that and then just a matter of a few minutes the sun was broke up right through the top and shining right down just as pretty as could be and it's always been one of my my favorite testimonies from brother Ben just that story the way he talks about it is so powerful and then the verse that went with it was Mark 11:23 this I verly say unto you that whosoever shall say unto this mountain be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea and shall not doubt in his heart but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass he shall have whatsoever he saith. I also just want to read my the prayer I wrote out here because it also just kind of goes into the the next part of this. But um I was just really taking some time and just really praying at that time and I wrote I want to strengthen deep and sincerely exercise my faith in accordance with the promises of the word. There are times when I feel weak and unworthy. But the Lord God himself has called me to my position to stand firm on it. He is with me and in me. So I have all authority as a daughter of God to ask what I will in his name. And Lord, I ask you for the healing of the cyst in my hand and you and all that you have for me to come into. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And then and I was just quietly just kind of just praying and just like just feeling that system. in my head just like you know no matter what I feel right now that pain that's there it doesn't matter those symptoms it doesn't matter and move forward in faith and just that kind of been on my heart and it just really kind of sunk in deep after that particular uh time and the very next morning which was this past Sunday my dad had actually already come up to pray for the needs and and I just during that time I had raised up my hand I hadn't even realized exactly what he said at the time but I even went back and listened to it. But as I had written down in that prayer saying that I am a daughter of God that specific time when he started praying he said we aren't servants we are children we are offspring of a heavenly father and I at the time I almost couldn't even know what came over me I almost fell out of my chair and just started weeping because when I raised my hand I it felt different when I raised up it's it's was smaller. I didn't feel pain when I touched it and my my hand just kind of felt cool and it I just that whole prayer I just felt it going through my hand and it was just such a powerful just direct answer to that prayer and since then it has not been sensitive I haven't felt pain from it it's been smaller than it was and I'm praying and believing that God will bring a complete healing And I ask for your prayers as well. And I thank you. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Now, that's how you do the fighting. You stand your ground. You know, I've always appreciated Sister Joyce. She's always on the post of duty every time. Amen. And and you could certainly just think about even with pain, she's still there just playing and knowing that she will receive her healing. Certainly thank the Lord for healing her. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. Give of thee. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound, all that say for rest like me. Oh, and I want was lost but now. Oh, and was mine, but now I see. Oh, and was grace that taught my heart to fear and engrave my feet. [Music] Oh, and I praise thee thy grace. Hallelujah. Oh, and the loud I and my chains are gone. Oh, and I've been set free. Oh, and my God my sansome. [Music] Oh, and like oh his mercy gra. Oh God, oh just sing it. All my saints are gone. Oh, and I've been set free. Oh, and my God my savior ransome me. Oh, and a lack of love. Oh, and his mercy. Oh, and uning love. Oh, let's all stand and sing it as you've had brother David. Oh, and the Lord has promised. Hallelujah. Oh, his word, my hope. [Music] Oh, anyway, my shield and B. Hallelujah. Oh, and as long as Oh, and my chains are gone. Oh, and I've been set free. Oh, and my God my savior [Music] and I love his mercy grace, unending love, amazing grace. Sing that third verse. The Lord shall soon be dissolve like snow. The son for bear to shine. But God who called me here shall be forever. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my s [Music] His mercy reigns unending love. It's amazing grace. Let's just go before him. Heavenly Father, truly it's amazing grace. And Lord, your love is been what secured us. It's been what set us free. Father, just be with us as we fellowship a little tonight. Lord, the needs of your people. We ask that you'd minister to them. Father, you're the giver of the bread of life. And when we partake of it, it changes us, Lord. We become who you are. Lord, it's in the partaking of it, Father, that there's transforming power. So, we ask that you would just multiply it, Father. May it produce faith and the change that you desire in your people. We commit it to you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and ask these things. Amen. If you turn with me in your Bible, we're going to take a short reading just to fellowship with you around something the Lord uh just put upon my heart and uh hopefully we just tear in it and see what the Lord has for us. It's Deuteronomy uh out of chapter 10 verse 19. Uh just a brief reading. Love ye therefore the stranger, for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. Ask the Lord to bless the reading of his word to our hearts. And you could be seated. I think there's a quite a bit just in that small reading that we can take from and it would feed us for quite a while. Love ye therefore the stranger for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. what it what the people are being asked to do and it's quite profound is it's to to think of their time that they sojourned in the land of Egypt and then therefore to love the stranger for they were strangers in Egypt. And I don't know about you, but when I think of the children of Israel being in the land of Egypt, I really don't think of it as a of a as a pleasant time or that they would it would be something to reciprocate love from. But they're told as because they were strangers in the land of Egypt, therefore to love strangers. And it it hearkens to something that I believe is true with the elect of God. When God has shown favor upon you, when he's done something that touch your life, it it causes a different result and a cause and effect in our life is completely different than what it would be in someone else. You would say, "I was a slave there." Um, I in the land of Egypt is where I lost loved ones. In the land of Egypt is where I have bad memories. There's bad things that happened. I And yet this is a fruit of this now is to be that it would enkindle a love for a stranger because you were once a stranger in the land of Egypt. This is not something that a man can do. The commandment here that is being made in the l in the book of Deuteronomy I would say it's the Lord Jesus Christ the living word. The same word that would come and say if you look upon a woman to lust after you have committed adultery with her already. It's the same word that would say uh if someone smites your cheek to turn the other cheek. It's requesting a virtue of someone that would not be in themselves natively to give a after the flesh. This is a commandment to God's elect. Love ye therefore the stranger, for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. And I I I have to tell you, um, if I was a slave, if I was looking back at the people who had had lashed me, who had if I was trotting out someone else's bricks, if this was work that I didn't want to do of my accord, but was asked of me to do, and I was forced to do it, to eat, to have my provision, I I didn't get to choose my way of life. Someone was choosing my way of life. They probably told me where to live and what time to wake up and what time I could go to bed. It was not a pretty sight. And yet now that is supposed to cause me to love somebody. This isn't this isn't something that I would find in myself that I had the ability to do. And I I just want to ask, does anybody feel like they're a stranger? Amen. Because I I I think that's impressive too that it it identified the people as being a stranger in the land of Egypt. In other words, they didn't fit in. Okay? The ch the Jews were not fitting in with the Egyptians. They were a stranger. They were a stranger because of their custom. They were a stranger because of who their god was. They were a stranger because their affections and the commandments of the things that they kept were completely different from Egypt. So there has to be a setting apart in order for them to be a stranger because it was not just being a just their location that made him a stranger. It wasn't that they were from a different place. It was that they were procurely a called out and differentiated people. And we are strangers in a land. I I feel completely with no identity with what goes on in this world around me. And and now I've been asked to love the stranger. And and I believe that is something that honestly people become stranger and stranger to us. We can't even understand their method of thinking or what they're doing. And the very thing that's supposed to be enkindled in us is a love for them because we are a people that are strange people. At the end of the day, we're the minority and we're the strange ones. That's right. You know, it's it's the it's us that are the oddballs and we're the nut and bolt that's keeping it all together. Okay. And just as we would unpack that, um, it it to me is very similar to, like I said, turning the other cheek, but I would just ask myself to remember the things that I've been through because it's a it's a recollection and a recalling of the things that have been in your past that tells you how you're supposed to respond to the situations you're in. He who's forgiven much loves much. So this is something that's profound because really they're the people that were brought out by a mighty hand out of the land of Egypt. So this is something that they could look back and say, "I know I was a sojourer when I was in the land of Egypt. I'm as if I was the slave that was a that was working and and and toiling because he knew he was a prince in another land and someone could look at him and say, "Why does he behave different?" Well, he knows he doesn't belong here. So there's a there's a sense of identity that the people of Israel could have in looking back at the time they spent in Egypt knowing that they were in the promised land. So they had come into possession of something that gave them a virtue that they could look back and say it was worth it all. Look where the Lord has brought us to. We are in a land. We we we're coming to a place of of promise. We've come out of a place that we were in and we've received a deliverance and we're we have a promised land that we're heading towards. So what is it now that we can have? It's a virtue and a strength that we never had before. And I I I take it as a promise to myself that I can look back at the things that God has brought me from and in that I can then have the grace for others. None of us were in ourselves delivered ourselves, but it was a mighty hand of God that brought us out of the hand of Egypt. It wasn't We didn't have the ability to do it. We would be still stomping someone else's bricks right now. It It's not because we had the ability to to change our ways. We couldn't, you know, we couldn't lick the spots off. We were We were sinners, bound in sin, but the mighty hand of God delivered us. So then who is then who can we hold that someone's sin to their account? We we don't have our own righteousness but we would we would being forgiven much now look at somebody else and not forgive them and not not hold the same forgiveness that's for them. But we can because there's a love of God that has been given and shown to you that you can love the stranger. This is a testimony of God's elect. And you you can't give what you ain't got. And and I say that to the testimony of what you've been shown is the grace of God and the love of God. That's an inexhaustible fountain. You can forgive because you've been forgiven. You can love much because you've been shown a lot of love. And it's simply in the rec just stop and remember sometimes what the Lord has brought you from. You you you simply have to recall, wait a second, Lord. I was once alienated from you. I didn't even know you. I didn't know your love. I was a stranger to you. I allowed my heart to wander. I allowed my affections to be on other things. But in all of that, you loved me. Amen. And you sought me. And in that, we can love and have a strength for others that can change their lives. So, it's quite amazing. A root of bitterness defiles many. You You could look and say, "Man, what a scarred life. Why are you this way? Why are you contankerous? Why are you angry? Why are you bitter? Why do you trust no one? Why is it that you're that way?" "Well, man, you just don't know my background. You just don't know what I've been through. Everybody I loved and trusted, everybody's always betrayed me. Everybody's always done me wrong. Yet, m every time I look to get the advantage on someone is because that's just everybody's out for their own. It's dog eat dog. If if anyone comes my way, I'm just scheming on what I can do to come out on top because you ain't going to get the best of me. And matter of fact, when I do you wrong, you're probably going to be looking how to do the flip on someone else because I'm going to teach you how to do people dirty. And that's what's bread. That is what is being a a little leaven. That's the leaven that is out there just multiplying and multiplying hurt, sorrow, bitterness. But what are you? You're the salt of the earth. You're the light set upon a hill. You're the one who could say, "I know what it's like to be forgiven. I know what it's like to have all my debt completely erased. What is this source that you forgive from? I've been a recipient of unmmerited favor and grace. God in his goodness reached out to me in my life and touched me. I can show you what it's like to be forgiven. What did What did I do to deserve it? Oh, nothing. I just wanted to do something a little good. Well, why would you do that? Well, I know what it's like. I know what it's like for someone to pull me up out of the mud and out of the clay, to deliver me from the pit and from my bondage and from my taskmaster. I know what it's like to be set free. I could remember what it was like to be a stranger. And I, you know, um, you know, it's that he who's forgiven much loves much. I believe was what Jesus said. Um when the when the woman was washing his feet, it's in uh Luke 7:36. And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisees house and sat down to meet. And behold, a woman in the Pardon me. A behold a woman in the city which was a sinner. [Music] So I was sitting in my throat. And behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at me in the Pharisees house, brought in an alabaster box of ointment, and stood at the feet. I know we all identify with this. It's kind of hard to read. and stood at his feet behind him weeping and began to wash his feet with tears and did wipe them with the hairs of her head and kissed his feet and anointed them with ointment. Now when the Pharisees which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, "This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that touchth him, for she's a sinner." And Jesus answered and said unto him,"Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee." And he saith, "Master, say on." I'm sure he wasn't ready for what he was about to hear. There was a certain creditor which had two debtors. The one owed 500 pence and the other 50. And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me who therefore which of them will love him most. Simon answered and said, I suppose that he to whom he forgave most. unto Simon, "Seeest thou this woman? I entered into thine house. They g th thou gavest me no water for my feet, but she hath washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hair with her head. Thou gavest me no kiss. But this woman, since the time I came in, hath not ceased to kiss my feet. my head with oil, thou dost not anoint, but this woman hath anointed my feet with ointment. Wherefore I say unto thee, her sins which are many are forgiven. For she loved much, but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little. And he said unto her, thy sins are forgiven thee. Amen. I feel that when we come into the house of God, if we want to just enter into an atmosphere of giving him a blessing of washing his feet, we simply need to remember what we've been forgiven of. It it should be such a way that we come into the house of the Lord that we're quick to forgive, that we're quick to make sure there's no in our hearts, and we simply have to start anointing his feet with our tears. We have to be willing to put ourselves before him and say, "Lord, you forgave me. You know where I've been. you know what I've done, but I'm here to worship you. I'm here to anoint your feet. I'm here to give you the there. I can't hide from you anything I've done anywhere I've been. I can't approach you through pretense. I can't approach you through my own righteousness. You know all about me, but I'm here to come before you and tell you you're my Lord. I'm here to come and tell you you're the one that matters most. I'm blocking out all the spectacle. I don't care who's watching me. What matters is I'm with you. The fact that she found his feet was enough. And you have that opportunity every time you come into the house of the Lord is to shut everything else out and say, "Lord, I'm coming to you. I'm not coming to you based on anything that I've done or haven't done. I'm coming to you because who you are, and you're the answer. You're the one who can forgive the sin. You're the one who can make it all right. And when I'm in your presence, it's all good. I know what it's like to be in the presence of the master. And it doesn't matter. Everything else fades away. I know who I'm with and it doesn't matter. I could just sit there and weep for eternity. It's okay. I'm there. I'm I'm thankful for those moments when everything else doesn't matter. That's the place we can get to. You know, that's the place when it doesn't matter. Will you love your enemies? If there's something that would cause us to not have the virtue of Christ, we just need to get back to his feet. That's right. You just need to be get back to know who's in control. The one who forgives sins is the one who's in control because that is the one who has the power to of eternal life. We don't There's no form of life, eternal life except God's own life. So who's in control? You could gain the whole world but lose your soul. What did it matter? It doesn't matter. When you look at what salvation we've been given, that is the strength we draw from. You cast down any other reasoning, any other logic, it look it doesn't matter if someone defrauds you. It wasn't yours to begin with. We don't have a sense of ownership. It's all his. We forfeited it. A lamb gave up its rights. I don't have nothing unless he provides it. I don't have nothing unless he pre A strong man watches the house in vain. We don't have a guarantee of tomorrow, but for the grace of God. If you want to frustrate yourself, act like you're the one holding on. If you you know, it's it's it's the the ability of God is to put bring you through things so that you know him better. He's going to he So when it when the I mean you look at really what at the end of the day was the children of Israel could go back and look back and say the strongest nation on earth couldn't hold us. The strongest one with their strongest armies could not hold us. And I'm here to tell you you're free. There is nothing you're bound to. There's nothing that holds you. And you're a debtor to nothing. And part of your liberty that you have in Christ Jesus is to recognize that neither do you own anything. You know, one of the things I recognized when I would deal with that some of the homeless people, you know why they chose to be indigent? They don't have a care. I don't have nothing to lose. And they mean it. They really mean it. It is a they it be they've recognized for their mental health and well-being, it's better for them just not to have nothing. It's easier on them. It is a choice. Matter of fact, don't give me anything. I would have to worry about losing it. And that sounds something, but some of us just need to die enough. Just need to let go enough. Just need to come into the house of the Lord with a little bit more liberty to recognize that you're free. I mean, I I don't even know what sometimes we're holding on to our dignity. You know what are we holding on to? Lord, let me let it go. I don't want to stay. I don't want my pride to keep me. That's a nasty thing. I've been a victim of my pride more than I want to admit. But that's pride that would make me not want to admit it. And I still don't want to admit it. I mean, we we are helpless. We are sheep. We really have no way around this but to die. We don't have another way of doing this except to put off our mind and put on the mind of Christ. And we have a sure approach. We have the grace of God. We have the Holy Spirit. We have something that could come and wash our minds and make us new. And to say, "Lord, I remember what it was like to be a stranger in Egypt." You know, my brother, one time we were we were walking down the street and a bunch of cops pulled up and they were after the guy we were with and I'm all ready to have an argument with a cop cuz I know my rights. I'm just walking down the sidewalk as a young American teenager and I've got my rights. Who's your supervisor? you know, I mean, like, I'm ready to go. Like, why are you stopping me? I don't need to give you my name. I mean, this is, you know, just naturally me. And and Matthew goes, "David, sit back and enjoy the lights." I said, "You're right." So, we sit down on the ground and we watch him this guy up and take him to jail. But all I had to do to change the paradigm is recognize I didn't have nothing to defend. But I was all bulldog. I was all in the fight. And it just had to change. I just had to say, "Wait a second. You're right. This situation is totally not what I'm making it. I might as well just let the process unfold." We have someone who's in control. The grace of God is alive and well. He knows your tomorrow. You don't need to frustrate the grace of God. You don't need to You simply need to look back and say, "He, I've been through enough to know he'll be enough. He He if I'm here, the grace of God brought me here. It's the grace of God that's going to see me on. I I can encourage my heart in the things of the Lord and I can take say booevil. Come on. I'm not going to let you rob my joy. I'm going to give God the praise. That's dumm. You're not going to cause me to think that my God hasn't preserved my tomorrow. That he's not the one who's holding my health. That he's not the one who held my hand. That he didn't see me in my mother's womb. That he's not the one who delivered me. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Why am I going to stop praising my God? He's the lifter of my head. If you could just see where he brought me from, oh man, them bricks of Egypt, man, the mud used to get to my knees. I would come home, I'd be so stiff. I was a I was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a brick stomper for the devil. But now by the grace of God, he's washed me up by his Holy Spirit. There ain't no more mud of the world on me. My life, I want to cry, holy, holy, holy unto the Lord God Almighty. I don't want an identity with Egypt. What's people's problem? Why do they want to have an identity with Egypt anyways? A bunch of slavery. Like why do I want to glorify slavery? But things that people are in bondage to and people want to wear the trinket. You know, I don't want to identify with and what I mean by that is um there's things that you may have the liberty to do and it's not sin, but there could be things that people are in bondage to it. You're not in bondage to it, but someone else is. You know, so if you're me offends somebody, you know, you you you you recognize that wait a second, this could be a weakness of theirs. This defiles their conscience. They can't have confidence towards God if they do these things. So, I'm going to sanctify myself for their sakes because I wouldn't want them to see my liberty and be stumbled by it. Okay. So that is that is a that is a mindset that we want to be able to be washed by the water of the word and say okay wait a second Lord allow me to have a a an insight on my liberty before the people before the great you know as I am an example and an encouragement a source of strength for others that my my footsteps could be ordered in such a way that it wouldn't stumble somebody avoiding the very appearance of evil Um, if someone doesn't know it's an odus is non-alcoholic and you're drinking an oels, they may just think you're pounding a beer. I remember pulling up beside someone in a car one time and I think it was maybe when Red Bulls first came out, you know, and I'm just like, "Hey, you can't be drinking and driving, man." and they're like, you know, but there we we sometimes just don't know what something looks like, right? And really, unless God shows us those things, we won't. But the point is, a lot of times we're showing something that has a semblance to something we really know nothing about. But you take somebody who's been there. You take someone who's been in the mud pits of Egypt and they could tell you, "Hey, you may not know this, but what you're dealing with goes a lot further than you realize. It starts there, but it ends up here." You know, that little storytelling that ends up over here. You know, that little that's that's what we call a white lie. You know that that's actually becomes gossip. you know that that you're feeding on something that it grows. Beware. And we should be willing to subject ourselves one to another as iron sharpeneth iron and say, you know what, my brother, I never thought of that before. I I I pray that God allows me the grace, you know, hopefully it's not an encumberment. I want to be able to lay things down. I don't believe as the body of Christ, we are underneath anybody's influence. that as as we care for one another, I really don't feel that if someone came to me, I would be seen that someone who was just wanting to assert their authority and their influence on me. I believe that it would be the love of Christ in them when they came to me to correct me that they were interested in my good. I believe that. Amen. I really do. And if we have that love and care one for another, and that I appreciate, brother Tommy, that is the love we have for another. I'm not bringing that into question, but I feel like we could um have a greater liberty and a confidence towards one another to be that voice to be the encouragement to the young men, the men to be examples, the old elder sisters to be examples to the younger. We are a body jointly fit together. We need one another. We absolutely have to have it. You know what they do in the world? They they do a lot to get customer surveys and feedback. They really really try to get customers to tell them what they're thinking. We should be able to love one another enough to go to to each other and tell each other what we're thinking. Brother, I didn't see you on Sunday. I didn't see you. Is everything okay? Is Is there Is there You know what? I I hear you got a job. That's great. The Lord's blessed you. But are you worshiping your job now? Maybe you don't say it like that. I'm praying that you get a new job. But, you know, there's a there's got to be an understanding of what we testify to by where you set your priorities. The the best way to be an example is put God first. I if if you want others to know what you care about, put the things of the Lord first. And it it it's I'm not telling you to manufacture something ain't real. I'm just telling you to be don't be ashamed to shine your light. Just don't be ashamed. Just tell them what what matters to you. And and that in itself puts the Lord in action. Hey, you know, I really don't want to be here. I you may notice that I'm I I really wish I was at church right now. I miss it. I don't want to be here, but I'm here because you made me feel like I didn't have a choice and that if I didn't work, but my heart's in the house of God. Do you know what it's like to go to church? Do you know what it's like to walk in and recognize the atmosphere, the power of the Holy Spirit, and to have your fears and your doubts dissolve and everything with the pressure of that day, everything that was building up, and it just felt like my mind was going a mile a minute. And when I walked in, it was like everything was okay. Do you know what that's like, man? That's where I want to be. I want to be in the house of the Lord. They'll kick you out. They Yeah. Why don't you just go to church? Instead of bringing your church here, why don't you just go to church? I you want separate. What kicked them out of Egypt anyways? Right. You just indeed invite God on the scene and recognize who's in control. Um yeah, appreciate you guys fellowshipping with me, but I like to look back at what the Lord's brought me from. Because I if if really if anything happens in our lives where we're losing the the joy in our life, we simply need to recognize what God has brought us from. And it's enough if you've been forgiven much. And trust me, we've been forgiven all. David would even say it this way. Blessed is the man in unto the whom the Lord will not impute unrighteousness. You're the very elect of God. You're miss Jesus Christ. You're bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. In this day, you you you had the word come open and read your name right off the book and say you never did it in the first place. This message by God's prophet came and told you you're the spotless bride of Jesus Christ. And that's the love of God to you. Now, let it be real to you. We simply have to wash our minds of anything that would tell us contrary and there would be a source of joy and a source of strength and a source of grace. But if we can really grasp the full revelation of that this world isn't holding us. You could steal my coat and I can give you my cloak. I know the master that owns the cattle on a thousand hills. Hey, it it there's nothing. Don't be afraid of him who could destroy your flesh. That in all that this world can do, it could only do one thing, and that's cause you to know God better. It doesn't matter. The waster could come and he could torment you. He could give you sickness. God could put you through a trial just enough to break some bands of the world. But the only thing you're going to do as a son of God is you're going to know him better. You're going to know him as the one who delivers you from a from the from the hand of the of the tormentor. You're going to know him as the healer. Whatever it is that Satan has buffeted you with. And I and I I tell you what, it's the grace of God to bring the growing pains. That's ultimately what it is. If you God's not the author of confusion. What I want you to understand is that you could be in your Egypt and you could be in your mud pit, but God's a deliverer. And if you recognize that what he's doing is going to bring you out by a mighty hand. You can say, "Oh, my hour of deliverance is coming. I know that even in the midst of this, my God's hand is able to deliver me." And I and and through all of this, I'm going to know him greater. How? How can you know him greater? Because in my weakness, he's made strong. Because in the things that I'm not able to do, he's able. I'm going to know that I can't and he can. Well, you're just going to fail. That's right. But he's a mighty deliverer. How is it that this could be that? No matter what, you're only getting closer to him. That's right. No matter what, I'm only getting closer to him. I'm not backing up. I'm not retreating. And it's the grace of God in my life that's going to turn those things that were meant for evil to good. You can do as much as you want, Satan. You're a bluff. You have no more arrows. That's right. You're a bluff. I've read. We can go in and read the book. The son of predition is thoroughly exposed. Thoroughly exposed. We are who we are because of who he is. Our identity and his identity is just like Eve was in Adam. You cannot be se you can't be separated from him. You're just as much eternal as he's eternal. We if if that picture starts to melt into our minds, this world starts losing its hold on us. We start to recognize, oh, but for a season. Lord, I want to make sure that my life's testifying that your kingdom is what's eternal. This is just temporal. You know, you could you could do what you will. You know, we went through a little thing recently where we we uh we got into a house that we had let someone stay in for a little bit and my my my my perplexed. I thought it was vandalism. I was like, "This was malicious. There's no way that someone does this." This was the on. They gave 50 kids hand paints and said, "Go at it." Last day, fingerpainting wall day. You know, it looked that bad. I mean, it just was like, "Okay, this was malicious." Julia's quoting a scripture, you know, a a child unattended or something like that will bring the mother to scorn, you know, something like that. And so it just was, you know, I was perplexed and you know, me and Julie was just talking about it and it's like, you know what, uh, we had no animosity in our hearts and we were more concerned about, you know, other things than our own well-being. It's quite the mess to clean up. But I'm telling you, when you recognize that everything that we've been given is by God's hand and the grace of God, that is a source of strength that Satan wants to isolate you from. He wants you to make it another problem. He makes you he wants you to he wants you to forget that you were once a stranger in Egypt. And we have to remember saints, we've been forgiven much. We have I it is it is unfortunate the way that man I think brother Ben was even talking about it the way that people possibly could could try to size people up and itemize them. We're children of God. We have no we have no right to treat anybody any different. Matter of fact, if you go back to our reading where we read this in Deuteronomy, it has a little more context. Uh if you back up to Deuteronomy 10 uh verse 17, it says, "For the Lord your God is God of gods, and the Lord of lords, and a great God, a mighty and terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor nor taketh reward. He doth execute judgment of the fatherless and the widow, and loveth the stranger in giving him food and remnant." Ah, isn't that something? This is something the Lord practices what he preaches. He tends to the stranger, and he loveth the stranger. And then that therefore is the commandment to you. Love ye therefore the stranger, for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God, and him thou shalt serve, and to him shalt thou cleave, and to swear by his name. I love that. We have to cleave to him. We He He has a commandment for us to cleave to him. We don't need to look to anything else for our comfort. We need to cleave to Christ. Cleave means to hold to hold fast to to draw yourself up close to to hang on for dear life. To cleave to it like it matters. That's the that's the uh desire of God towards us. He is thy praise. Let me back up. For thou shalt fear the Lord God. To him shalt thou serve. And to him shalt thou cleave, and swear by his name. He is thy praise, and he is thy God that hath done for thee great and terrible things which thy eyes have seen. There was such a desire for this remembrance to be brought before the children of Israel and their children perpetually. if they're and they were given to us an example. You know how easy it was for them to forget? You know, I'll tell you, I don't want to say it mean that. So, that's maybe me preaching at myself a little bit. Remember what he's done and ask yourself how that should affect your your approach and praise to him. Ask if you can at least give him some praise. That's due his name to give him some time. And I and I and I do mean in the house of the Lord, but you know praise is my brother Mike Jr. was probably one of the first people that he he said, you know, praise one of the highest forms of praise is emulation. When you behave the way someone else's behaved, it's one of the highest for forms of praise. You've been forgiven. You want to praise him, forgive. It's I it if he entertain the loveth the stranger, you want to praise him, love the stranger. Don't accept a national attitude or a different mindset or some modern way of thinking. You don't have an identity outside of the identity that Christ gave you as a forgiven son and daughter of God. Don't lose your identity. Don't let this world try to give you one. You're identified by his grace and his forgiveness. You're identified the same way the woman that was washing his feet was identified. Thy sins be forgiven thee. At that point, she was the woman whose sins, though they were great, were forgiven her. She had that identity. And you have the opportunity to give that identity out. You want to be You want to be identified as the person who hasn't been forgiven, don't forgive. You want to be identified as the person that doesn't know the grace of God, don't have grace. You want to be identified as someone who doesn't know what it's like to be set free. Don't give the benefit of the doubt of showing someone the true liberty you have in Christ. Show them you're in bondage to the same vice that they have. Well, yeah, let's just go do it together. When I leave you, I won't be having to do it. I know you'll be stuck doing it for ever, but that's your problem. But you can say, "No, I have a greater liberty. That's okay. I don't want to do that. I'm not going to do that with you. I have a I have I'm free from that. I don't have to do that. If you need to do that to be happy, that's fine. But for me, I've been set free. You know, that's what starts to separate. I there was times in my life is that the Lord changed me. I had patterns in my life. Uh you know, I would get ride home a ride home from school. Well, I didn't dawn on me after the Lord changed my life that the people that I was going to get a ride home from were probably going to continue their routine. Let's go smoke out. And it's like, I don't do that. You guys go ahead. I'm going to be over here. And it starts to be like, man, so you really have changed, haven't you? Yeah, man. I I just, you know, I don't desire those things anymore. I love the Lord. He You don't understand what it's like to be changed. I wish you could have the same experience. You know, God's real. You can you can experience the love of Christ and it and once that becomes a reality, you recognize the God of this Bible has called for holiness and righteousness and he causes a separation for those things. I don't do those things anymore. But you can't show that until you've tapped in. So I this is twofold. If you've tapped in, make sure the tap's open when you come to the house of the Lord. Remember the grace that he's shown you. Remember what it was like to be in bondage. Remember the things that he set you free. You have a right to remember that. You should you should preface your praise by saying, "Lord, you're the Lord God of my deliverance. I remember you know what? You're the one who kept me. I know we talk about a lot about deliverance, especially coming from a place I have, but we were just fellowshipping today. You know what's the grace of God that keeps people?" You you might have the testimony. Say, "Lord, I look and I see the things that you've kept me from. And you should be the loudest. You should shout a little louder than me. If you I God, your grace has kept me from so much. You gave me a loving family. You gave me believing parents. You You allowed me to be in a place where I could come to church, where I could hear the truth, where I could hear the message. When there's many voices and many and so many things of confusion, you've allowed me to hear the voice of truth. I could know who you are. I'm not guessing if I'm praying to the father or to the son or to the holy spirit. I'm not confused about who you are. I know you're the Lord Jesus Christ. I know who I'm going to see. I You've declared yourself. The mysteries that a lot of people ponder at are made known by this message. If you get in and you look, the answers are there. It'll tell you exactly who you're going to see when you get to heaven. You don't have to only imagine. We need to get a little more revelation. We don't need to just be emotional. We need to really recognize what we've been given. We You've been given a word that is so amazing. So amazing. It is the grace of God to us that delivered us out of a modernday Egypt. We would be in such bondage to denominational deception and thinking all little little pieces. Well, I've confessed. I've confessed them before man, so I must be saved. No. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? There is not a mystery. Well, I had the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but does your experience line up with the word? Do away with experience. Back to the word. Don't tell me you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit and then live contrary to the word. If you can't subject yourself to it, there's a bastard child there that isn't withstanding correction, but I but I feel the presence of the Lord. Will you not accept the correction? We want to be able to be honed by the word of God. You know, the the ultimate source of of all of it is a it's a well of life that's springing up within our hearts. And that there's things that the devil wants to throw boulders on that channel and stop it up. And he he's he he's only got five channels, you know, and through your emotions, too. But he's going to come at your reasoning and your affection and your memory and your sense, right? So, he's going to come at you and he's going to try to hurt you. He's going to try to cause life experience. He's going to try to be able to bring things into your remembrance. And you have to say, you know what? I'm going to cast down reasonings and affections. I'm going to accept what the word of God says. He's not the author of confusion so I don't have to be confused on why I'm going through things. It can only work to my good. Let's just uh have the musicians come. Part of our testimony will always be where we've came from. Right. You know, when it one of the things when I think about the things that move me a lot of times is the people who I can look at are the ones I remember and wish they could have come out too. And it causes a sobriety. It causes a it causes a um I believe a heart condition that we all should have. You know, if it was the stoning of Stephen there, there your past and the testimony that God's given you is an important dynamic that allows you to have the testimony or the way you behave and order your steps now because of what you've been through. So it is okay to sit there and remember. It is necessary that you recall the grace of God to you in your worst. You should think of the times when you were a child and think of the things you did wrong and the things that and yet despite all of that he loved you and he had a grace for you and in that you you can recognize Lord did I forget what you've done for me I think of even brother Brandham at the diner when he walked in there and he saw that woman and she was sitting in the booth and he said it was a horrible scene. It was enough for the reaction of him to say, "God, why don't you just wipe this off the face of the earth and the Lord drew him aside and sure enough through that channel, through that gift, a vision broke and he saw blood around the entire world. It wasn't a limited atonement, but it was for the sins of the whole world. And it was a blood covering that every time something was done wrong, anytime something was said, all the sin that's going on. That's a blood covering that's good for everyone. Not just you, that's everyone has been paid for with that. That's right. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. It was it's he paid for the sins of the entire world so that anybody who wants to accept it can. That's the liberty and the grace that we've been given that the devil can't take away. He could take away a lot of things, but he can't take away that I'm forgiven. Come on. Oh my. Yes. He this world could dissolve but he can't take away that you've been made an able minister of the grace of God. You can give what this world can't. Come on. Amen. It's yours to give. [Music] He's deposited in you a love that's greater than anything you could have ever known. [Music] I believe that's here is love. Great is the ocean. [Music] Let's just sing that. Great. Vast as the ocean. loving kindness as a flood when the prince of life are answered. Oh, he shed for us his preious blood. And who his love can I remember? Who can see? Who can see to sing his praise? Well, he will dance. never be forgotten. throughout heaven's eternal [Music] on the mount [Music] of crucifixion. Fountains old deep and wild [Music] through the flood. S of God's mercy flows abound [Music] and gracious tide. Grace and love like mighty rivers flowing [Music] from above. [Music] Heaven's peace and perfect justice. Kiss a guilty [Music] world in love. You know that's that actually kind of hits on something. We don't often want to be associated with the guilt. We don't want to admit it was our mocking voice that hung him there. We don't want to recognize it was our sin that put him on the cross. We forget what it's like to feel guilty. We forget what it's like to be the woman at his feet. That's what I'm trying to say, saints, is if we could be just so thankful for having the guilt taken away. I believe when we came into the house of the Lord, there would be such a atmosphere that we could see sinners saved. When we recognize what it if we can remember what it's like to be a slave to guilt and remember what it's like to be set free from it, then we could desire that to happen for someone else. What if someone here doesn't know what it's like to be forgiven? What if someone came into this house tonight thinking they weren't a candidate for the grace of God? They they're bearing the guilt and you can't recognize and identify yourself as someone that would wash his feet. But they're looking to you. You say you're one that's forgiven. You say you're you're one of the ones who could sing this song. Say, "I know what it's like to have been guilty. I know what it's like to be forgiven. But I really don't know how to show it. I don't know how to say thank you, Lord. It was me. I don't know how to tell you, Father. It was your grace that saved me when I was unlovable. Lord, help me show it. So that when someone comes, they can recognize I'm thankful. Yes. However it is, Father, just may I be able to show you that I'm thankful. Maybe it's silently in my heart. But may there be such an atmosphere around me that if I don't do anything to show it, they recognize this is the heart of a grateful, forgiven son of God. Let me all thy love accepting [Music] love of the ever all my days. [Music] Let me th and my life be to thy praise. Thou alone shall be my glory. Nothing in the world I see. Thou cleans. [Music] Hallelujah. Thou set has set me free. [Music] Oh, [Music] grace through thy word and thy grace. My need is many. Oh, and as I trust, oh indeed my Lord, oh and faithful, fullness thou are pouring thy great love and bow on me. Oh, and we got full and botless drawing out my heart. Sing that first verse again. Oh, and here is love. I s the ocean. Oh, and loving God. and says of love when the gra of sound. Oh, and shed for us. Oh, he's precious for us. Oh, and who is just think about it tonight. But I remember. Oh, and who can sing to sing his praise? Oh, and evil for ages. Hallelujah. Oh, and through our [Music] eternal state, where would I be? You all know. Oh, I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, and a hopeless day. Oh, and an empty. Is that your testimony tonight? Oh, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. Oh, I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, and a hopeless king. Oh, and an empty place. Oh, we've done. Oh, amazing grace. Amazing grace. A sweet sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, and a hopeless king. Oh, what an empty. Hallelujah. Oh, amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Oh, and I was wonder. [Music] Oh, what a hopeless king. Oh, and an empty [Music] gra. Hallelujah. Where would we be if not for grace? [Music] I tell you the greatest heart and I don't want to call it challenge, but whatever we ever do, we always feel like it falls short of what God has done for us. We could give ourselves every bit everything and it's still the only thing as a believer we seek for is just to show the appreciation for all that he's done for us. how he's protected us from children and you know perhap we done dumb things and stick our fingers into the wires and we could have died but he kept you safe and you were in sin and he he saved you and you were lost and they found you and and and to be gathered in his presence and to come to the knowledge of all of that. Oh my. There's no language that can express that love that we feel for him. That's why the scripture says we love him because he first loved us. All we ever want to do is just Lord, if I can express even just a tiny piece of my appreciation for the love that's gone, that's gone before me. The love that's protected us. I mean, the devil is a deceiver. The greatest deceiver that there is. I I tell you this, God has already paid the price for everything, all the sins of all the world. There is not a person on earth that that that is bound because God wants him to be bound. That's right. The price is already in paid. I like as our brother was speaking, even the children of Israel, you know, the the ice fellowship might quite some. It was by deception that they were kept there. Egyptian tried to show that, you know, we we have to deceive them that you have to do this and if you don't have a job, you're not going to pay your bills and if this happen, you're going to lose this and and you live by deception trying to balance everything around you all the time where God is looking at you and said, "I've set you free. I've set you free to worship me. I've set you free to to to live your life for me. I've set you free. There is no nothing can separate us from the love that is in the God that is in Jesus Christ. He's paid for all of that. So we can walk free. God don't want you to be bound. No, not for anything. If there's something, you bring it back to him and say, "Lord, your word said I'm free and and this is bothering me and I want to serve you. I want to be fully serving you with everything I have. I want my testimony to be clean and everything. And he's going to bring his word to come to pass in your life. We were not to be We are strangers in this world. We were not to be made bound. We were made to be free. Amen. Is that your heart desire tonight? Many of you desire prayer, come and you'll be prayed for. And I believe there's freedom in the house of God. We are not a bound people. We are free people. I love uh I believe it's Paul. He looked at gripper. He said, "I'm a free man except for this chains which is around me. I'm a free man. You can bound the natural man as much as you want. That I've been made free and whom the son has made free is free indeed. Walk in freedom that the Lord has made for you." Amen. Why don't we sing that song? I know we sang it not long ago. Uh why would I worry when uh when giant come following my name? Uh my Amen. Those that know it, please help me sing it. [Music] Oh, [Music] let's just raise it up a bit. Yeah, there you go. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh, and my God is so much bigger than travel. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and why would I hunger for powerful creatures faith? Oh, and my God is so much better than all of his. [Music] Oh, and I won't be shen. Oh, and I won't be. Oh, and my God is faithful. His promises is true. I speak to the mountain. [Music] Oh, and it's time to move. Oh, and my God is bigger, better, stronger, better than you. [Music] Oh, my ene. [Music] Oh, and my God is stronger. The victory is already hallelu and worship on the third day. [Music] Oh, and my God is s. [Music] Oh, and I won't be shal. I want you. Oh, and my God is faithful. [Music] His promises is true. [Music] Fast to the mountain. [Applause] It's time to move. Oh, and my God is bigger. Better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] Oh, there's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no field that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no power to me. There's no I can't. There is nothing for God that's impossible. Oh, there's no mountain to hide. No valley to hold. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon to smoke. There's nothing. That's impossible. Oh. [Music] Oh. I won't be sh. Oh, I love you. Oh, and my God is faithful. His promises is true. I speak to the mountain. [Music] It is time to Oh, and my God is bigger. [Music] Hallelujah. Why don't you just stand the Lord? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad God is faithful? Aren't you glad is bigger, better, stronger than than anything that the devil can bring. Amen. That how that that has to bring peace in your heart to know that whatever you're going through, you can take it to him and he will give you an answer. Amen. Brother Andrew, if we could just come and dismiss us. Amen. Amen. And I really enjoy that. Amen. That's what the word of God does to you. You come all beaten up and you know seem like you were in a car accident and then you come in the word in the house of God and God fixes you up and you know does an old change and you're ready to go out again and go fight. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. God bless you. I certainly can identify with that. You know, it's like sometimes if you have something a device or like you're scrolling or you need an update or an app or something like that. And that's really what the grace of God has done for us is, you know, we're saved by grace through faith. So, I needed to be here tonight to hear this. It's like when you get a new revelation, when God renews you and washes your mind, you get an update. There's there's something on the inside that we got to have the right attitude towards the word of God. I I had to be here tonight. I believe every single one of us had to be here tonight. God wanted to update the hardware on the inside. This love of God has got to cap this bride. Okay. Amen. You know, it's just uh we're going to read a prayer request. Brother Darien's asking prayer to pray for uh Helen and re for healing and restoration of uh uh cut I'm sorry come consciousness for sister Rachel Garisman in South Africa a restoration of consciousness I believe that's what it says for Rachel uh gaysman in South Africa. She has suffered a stroke and is in the ICU uh hospital and she's the mother of my friend NSA. You know, I believe that each one of us can touch him by the feeling of our infirmity. We can take this burden to heart and know that we can just touch because he's a high priest. Well, let's go. Let's go together believing. Heavenly Father, Lord, you see, oh God, our hearts, Lord, we we rejoice in the words that were spoken tonight, Lord. Lord, we feel like there's something on the inside that has been vibrating. We know that there's a change, Lord, that's coming, Lord. That great magnet is swept over tonight, Lord. And we believe it's you inside of us, Lord. And Lord, we know that you're present here. And Lord, we need help, oh God. this request. It's urgent, Lord. We've seen you time and time again when we come in unity of faith. Lord, the love of God to see this person that suffered a stroke. Lord, we just desire, oh God, that you would move on the scene on the hospital. Lord, give the doctor's wisdom. Give the nurse the touch. Oh God, whatever it is, Lord, bring the healing. Father, we know that you're the healer. And so we call upon your name. Lord, let it be a testimony that resounds out in the community to say that there's a living God in a time of need that will answer back to the heart's cry. Father, we just rejoice in your presence and your goodness. Father, as we commit ourselves, Lord, when we leave here, Lord, may we go a little bit lighter, Lord. Go a little bit closer to the kingdom, Lord. Grow in the grace, oh God, that was spoken, Lord, to love the neighbor, Lord. Father, help us, Lord. Give us, oh God, this great reality that we're crying out for. It's a craving, Lord. Lord, we pray your blessings upon every heart, Lord, as we leave here, Lord. May we rejoice and be glad in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You are dismissed KFD. Amen. Oh, even though my spirit's low and it seems so so hardly go, but still I see [Music] victory. Oh, and many times I'm walking my faith. But your life befold me by still I see victory. [Music] Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline cuz I'm covered by his blood. Oh, and you may stay, you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh, sometimes our battle gets hard and it seem we've been fighting a hard. [Music] I'm standing on the rock. So Satan, if I were you, I'll turn up and give up. Cuz I do believe you're bound to lose. Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the blood line, cuz I'm covered by his blood. Oh, and you may stand and you may fight. You're going to lose this battle tonight. Close. Remember, you can't cross the black line. Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the black line because I'm covered by his fly. Oh, and you may stand and you may fall. You're going to lose this battle tonight cuz remember you can't cross the bloodline. What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? Oh, there is no more for heaven now to give. Holy is my joy, my rightousness and free. Oh, and my steadfast love. Oh, and my deepest Hallelujah. Oh, and to this I hope my hope is only Jesus. For my life is only bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine. I can see all is mine and yet not. Oh, by through Christ me. Oh, and the night is Oh, and by him not. Hallelujah. Oh, for my savior, he will save. Oh, I labor on in weakness and hallelujah for in my Oh, and his power heals. Oh, and to my shepherd will defend me through the deepest valley. with me. Oh, the night has been won and I shall overcome yet not. Oh, by through Christ me. Oh, I know fit I drag. I know I am forgi. The future show the price he has been paid for Jesus blood and suffer for my part. Oh, and he was brave. Oh, to overthrow the grave. Oh, and to this I hope I see that thing defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. All the chains are released. I can see I am free and gone. Oh, by through Christ in me. Oh, and with every breath I know. Oh, and for all he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me. Oh, and until I stand home. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, and with this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. And the race is complete. Still my name shall be not. Oh my goodness. [Music] Jesus [Music] might [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music]
