################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - [2025-05-11am] The Pull Is Here  Br. Matthew McGeary - Matthew McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   [2025-05-11am] The Pull Is Here | Br. Matthew McGeary
Speaker: Matthew McGeary
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_5s8lBArRQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] of heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning. Happy Mother's Day for those I know a lot are out seeing their mothers. I I thought of it this morning. This is my first Mother's Day without my mother. So, it's been 102 years I had Mother's Day. So, uh that was a lot of presents. But uh you know so someone asked me what did you get Lesie? I said she's not my mother. But uh anyway so we're we're happy to be here this morning. All of you that have come out. Uh I I hope we have some online. We're going to make this announcement a couple announcements before we start service this morning. Then I have brother Kim come and give. He has an announcement. Uh but um we need to make sure that our parents are watching their children in the restroom because I know I know your kids's an angel, but it's the other people's kids. You you know what I mean? that uh but like one of them stepped, you know, tried to look over the stall at the other one and stepped up on top of the toilet paper holder and tore it off the wall and and then they leave the water on. So, I mean, I don't know how mature your child is, but I imagine if he's under 12, you might have to uh uh make sure that he gets in and out and you could check on them. So, if they're gone a few minutes longer than than you would think, you might want to consider that they've got something going on. And it's not a meeting room, you know, either. The restrooms aren't. So, a lot of times the sisters get over there and they'll all gab in the but that's an extension of the sanctuary. So, just think of it that way. And uh uh also uh in the pews you have to watch what kind of material you'll have your kids draw with. I'm not going to say you can't have your kids draw, but uh we have crayons in the seats and indelible markers and uh all kinds of different uh things are are getting on the pews. So, we have to I'm being a mother today. This is me mothering the church. And that's it. I'm not the the great harlot mother, you know. So, this isn't the mother church. It's just me telling you things that we need to be careful of. And also we want to take the fellowship out of the forer into the fellowship hall or outside. No visiting in the forer. Okay. The forer is you have those two doors there and then you've got two other doors. The space between the two doors is the forer where the big board is. And no, don't talk in there. move on out outside or just go right out into the other forer and then or go over into the other room over there and fellowship because we have people praying in here and then you open those doors and there's a big roar and laughing, you know, and somebody might have been put under conviction and they're here trying to get right with God and you're out there having a jubilee or something and and then that creates uh quite a bit of a a different atmosphere. So, we just want we're just trying to create the right kind of atmosphere. So, I think that's what's important. So, if you could really help with those two things uh or those three things, it would make things go better. So, uh, anyway, so everybody watch out for the other person's children because your children are angels. And watch out what material we're drawing on the pews with. So, no indelible pens or pens or crayons. Uh, invisible ink would probably be the best thing to use. And then no fellowship in the forer. It's way too loud. Now, I'm I'm if you want to say God bless you or shake a hand, keep it down and reverent and move on out. We're not opposed to that. So, um um we want to do that. And and brother Tim, I know you might have an announcement and and so I know there's a lot out today. Uh but if you would uh pass this message on, Brother Tim's message to the other families uh that uh you might uh have here. God bless you, brother Tim. Bless you. Brother Tim's been a real blessing. I can't tell you uh what he's done for the Sunday school and what he's done for me personally. He's always been a rock in my life. His dad's always had a tremendous stand for this message and and uh he's really done tremendous. I don't know if you've seen how far Sunday school's come or how big it's grown, but uh Brother Tim's really really behind it. and I haven't even had to worry about it. And I know he didn't want to do it and he thought there could be somebody else, but when God picks somebody, it always works perfect. And and so I I hope he doesn't uh get a different direction anytime soon. But we love you and appreciate you, brother Tim. Appreciate those kind words. God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord this morning. Happy Mother's Day even to the dads. We're we're mothers as well, but uh there's something special about mom. Um I'm just a figurehead as far as that goes. There's wonderful Sunday school teachers and and helpers that do it all. So um speaking of Sunday school, this um is the winding down already of a Sunday school session for this year. We'll go into summer break. Much needed break for some of our our teachers. We said they work hard at it. Uh so this Saturday we're going to have a picnic right out here at the new dedicated pavilion. Um and uh prior to that at 10:00, we'd like to have your children here to practice a song because next Sunday will be the final Sunday school session, but they're going to sing for us again. So, uh, at 10:00, uh, sharp, we'll have practice for the song, and then about 11, we'll have everything cranked up outside. Um, and this is the the hard part is that at 11, we need the parents to be here. So, you can drop your kids off for practice, but we need the parents on site because we're going to have bounce houses and a lot of activities going on. And uh as much as we are caretakers of your children, we're not completely responsible if there's an accident. We need you to be here to administer aid or help or you know that kind of thing. We just ask the Lord's blessing for our protection upon it all. But there's going to be a lot of activities going. So we'd like the parents to be back on site at 11 and then uh we proposed maybe through 1:00, 2 o'clock, whatever is necessary to to kind of round out a a a day. Um, so we're going to have practice beforehand 10:00 and then the picnic should start at 11. And uh, if you do have a child at Sunday school and you come to the picnic, we they're asking uh, for you to bring either a 2 liter drink, a dessert, or fruit to help with the menu. Uh, there will be plenty of food provided, but for all those that have a special drink or a dessert or fruit that they want to bring. Um, so the parents need to remain on the grounds until the close out of the picnic. And uh that's uh that's pretty much it. But uh I do appreciate having your children. They've been a blessing to to uh to see interact in and out. I think they've grown tremendously and uh like I said, we've had such a good effort from the from the teachers. Surely you know that uh they're learning and progressing uh in the word of God and having having very good oversight from from the wonderful sisters we have over there right now tending to them. So God bless you and uh let's uh worship the Lord together and and sing his praise and enjoy uh the benefits of of the mother eagle, God himself spreading his wings over us. He can shelter us. There's many, as brother David said, are without their mothers. I'm I'm blessed to still have my mom talked to her this morning and uh my heart goes out to those that have have lost their mother in this life. But I thank the Lord that he hears our prayer. I'll just relate this. Many times I look back at at the life of Elijah, you know, he came to a widow woman and we know how he provided for her home and sustained her and her son. Then the son died. Her only son died. And you can imagine the Bible says that Elijah took her from her bosom. He says, "Give me the child." He took him upstairs, put him on his own bed. Of course, he laid on him three times, but he called out to the Lord. And the Bible says the Lord heard the prayer of Elijah. He hears our prayers. Whatever we have need of, we submit it to him. And just a few days later, there he was against the prophets of Baal. He says, "Hear me, oh Lord. Hear my prayer that these people may know that their heart is turned back to you." So, let's turn our hearts back to him. God bless you. Amen. Why don't we stand this morning? So good to be gather in the house of God. Amen. Oh, welcome, Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, and we are in your [Music] presence. Oh, and fill us with your [Music] power. Oh, and live inside of me. Oh, and welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of me. You're living water. Oh, you're a living water. Oh, and a never dying [Music] fountain. Oh, and comfort and counelor. Oh, I take complete control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your power. Oh, and living. Just sing it again. You're the living water. Oh, and you're the living water. Oh, and I never [Music] th Oh, and comforter and [Music] counelor. Oh, I take complete control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of me. Amen. Certainly want to invite him that he may come and live inside of us. Amen. Brother Andrew, if we could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. Welcome everybody. So good to be in his presence. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. You know, I just feel like something good is about to happen. Amen. You know, we come here as his children, and I just believe he wants to be here to pour out all of his blessings, to encourage us, to strengthen us, to take those broken places and men them by the word of God. Let's go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, God, that Lord, you're such a loving God, Lord. And Lord, the world would say, "How do you know?" Well Lord, we just look to Calvary, Lord, and we see, oh God, Lord, no one took your life, but you gave it willingly, Lord, and you even spoke to him. You said, "Destroy this temple, and I'll raise it up within three days, Father. Lord, here we are, Lord, to honor that great promise of resurrection, Lord. Come this morning, Lord. Resurrect within us, Lord, the very joy and peace and love and joy and kindness, oh God, the fruit of the spirit. Let it flow, oh God. Lord, you see, oh God, the cry of your heart's children, Lord, as we lift up our hearts to you, Lord, in praise and worship and thanksgiving. Father, come, Lord. Feel welcome, Lord. We want to honor you and worship you, Lord, with our joy, with the satisfaction of the life that you've given us, Lord. Come now, Lord. Lord, bless the musicians, Lord. The technicians in the back, the deacons, Lord, every heart here, Lord. We want to get in one mind and one accord that you can come and oh God, speak to hearts and change lives, Lord. Build within us, Lord, the very virtue of the loving Savior. We commit the time to you, Lord. When we leave here, Lord, let us go like those that were coming from Emmas, saying, "Did not our hearts burn, oh God, that he spoke to us along the way? Let it be an answer to prayer we pray now committing all things to you in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Once again, God bless you. Welcome you in the house of God. And happy Mother's Day. If you could turn around and welcome someone this morning. Amen. May God bless you. May I have your seats? Oh, is the whole time Holy Spirit and the devil near that's the reason for fearing. It's good enough for me. Oh, give it out. All time religion. Give it out. Old time religion. Give it out. Old time religion. It's really not for me. Oh, it will make you stop your lying. It will save you when you're dying. It will stop the devil flying. Oh, it's good enough for me. Won't give it all. time [Music] relent. It's good enough for me. Oh, it's so good. I want no other. Oh, it makes me love my brother. And it breaks time to recover. Oh, it's good enough for me. Oh, give it all. Old time religion, give it up. Old time religion give it up. Old time [Music] religion. Oh, it's so good. I want no others. Oh, it makes me break things under the cover. Oh, it's good enough for me. Oh, give it out. Old time [Music] related for me. I like the old time singing shouting. Oh, I like the old time way. [Music] I like the old time singing, shouting, preaching, praying. I like the old time way. Oh, and when I sing about my Savior, everywhere I go. Oh, and everywhere I go. Oh, and everywhere I go. When I sing that I'm my savior everywhere I go. Oh, there is joy. Oh, joy in my soul. I like the old time singing shouting. I like the old time. I like the old time singing praise. I like the old time way. Oh, and when I sing about my savior. Oh, and everywhere I go. Oh, and everywhere I go. Oh, when I sing about my Savior. Oh, there is joy. Oh, and joy. Let's sing it one more time. I like the time singing. Oh, I like the way. Oh, I like the old time singing child preach and pray. I like the old time way. Oh, and when I sing about my savior. Oh. Oh. Everywhere I go, when I'm singing, I'm a singer. Oh, there is joy. Oh, I joy in my soul. Oh yes. Yes. Oh yes. [Music] Oh, so hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] I be [Music] so high. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, what [Music] a sing. Oh, I sold [Music] so [Music] I Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh [Music] yes. Oh yes. [Music] I got Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is. Oh, and hallelujah. [Music] Oh, amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Oh, sing. Amen. Oh, man. Oh, amen. Amen. I knew you. [Music] Oh my. [Music] Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] go. Oh man. Oh sing amen. Hallelujah. Oh. Amen. Oh sing amen. Oh sing amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh amen. Amen. Oh me. Oh me. [Music] Oh I. Oh. Oh your heart. Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] go [Music] a sing amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh amen. Oh sing. Amen. Oh sing. [Music] Amen. Oh. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worship his holy name this morning. Amen. Amen. Sister Chipo and friends have a special. Amen. If they could come at this time [Music] [Music] with Jesus. The disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep in the [Applause] st. Does he not care that we perish? We're helpless and we so afraid. Jesus arose when they called him. and say to them, "Where is your faith?" Because you pray all night cuz you've held on with all your might. Try your cry have awoken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands this time to rejoice. Shout your Christ have awoken. Oh master, it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. Seeing no hope in the distance, you're frightened and nowhere to run. By now your vessel is filling and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You cried out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now. Lord you pray. life cuz you've held all with all your might. Shout your cry have woken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Shout your Christ have awoken the master. You up there worried that he's fast asleep. The winds are so deadly. the water so deep. But try to be patient cuz he'll soon bring peace. Just one word from his voice and be on my seat because you've prayed all night. voice you've held on with all of your might. Shout your cry have [Music] awoken the [Applause] master. Oh your voice. Lift your hands. It starts to rejoice. God your Christ have awoken the master. Pray all night cuz you've held her with all of your might. [Music] Your Christ have awoken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Shout your cry. have foren the master. Shall your Christ have woken the master. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad your cries have woken up this morning? Amen. Whatever you have need of, just cry out to him. Amen. He's the God who hears the cry of his people. Amen. Amen. We have announcements to make at this time. Amen. Brother Thiago writes, it says, "I just want to thank God for uh uh the Lord our God for giving another year to my daughter. She's now 10 years old." And glory be to God. Amen. Praise the Lord. A man of prayer request from brother Jose writes, "Please pray for uh Miss uh Gail Pearson. Uh she's sick at the hospital with stage four cancer and and I lost a lot of memory." Amen. Pray that the Lord will give her healing and strength and continue her journey. Amen. Amen. I know we believe a a loving saving God and Amen. He's not short in power. Amen. And that's why we come to him and and I believe our cry can go up to him this morning and he will give us our heart's desire. Brother Tommy writes praying uh asking prayer for family. We have lost another family member. I said God bless you all and I thank you. I said it's my cousin Allan. We certainly want to remember the family this morning. Pray that the Lord will be their strength. Amen. Uh we know in this journey we're going to encounter many things and what we desire is to know that the master is walking with us. Amen. That he will give us strength when we need it and he'll be with us. Also from brother Jose writes, "Please pray for uh Monzo. He's 87 years old and he's sick and we certainly want to pray that the Lord will touch his body and make him well." Sister Catalina writes, "Prayer request for uh God's guidance for uh uh June Reyes and uh and then uh Rey uh Rees and uh for the upcoming military training. We certainly pray that the Lord will be with them and in the path they've chosen. We know that we want him to we want we don't want to go any place where he don't want us to go, but wherever we go, we want to make sure he's with us." Amen. And if you have a need upon your heart this morning, just lift your hand up this morning and say, "Master, hear the cry of my heart this morning." And I'm crying out to you because I know you are the answer to all that we have need of. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Amen. Brother Daniel Po, if you could just come and take this needs before the church. [Music] Shall we pray? Mighty God, we thank you for this portion of the service as you approaching you with confidence believing that you are more than able to answer our need. Father, it may be seems impossible to the doctor Especially when they come with this demon of cancer. But to you nothing is impossible. You are God who can come. The God who give the dwborn life back. You are the same God who can give the life and deliver the brother from this demon of cancer. We believe in that. Father, we have lift our hands. You know what is behind the hand and we pray that you may just come and granted each need for your glory. Father, as we come with what you have blessed us with, I pray that you may bless the hand that will give. May bless those are in need of finding God. Father, above all, you know, we are here for your word to come and change us. We want to be ready, Father. We are not going to be comfortable here. We want to leave this place. May your spirit guide your servant this morning to deliver something that will bring us father on your way. bless this portion of the service for your glory. You humbly ask in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we pray. [Music] Amen. The valley. Let your sweet aroma fill [Music] my rose share and show me how to grow in beauty in God. [Music] Old fairness soft and make me a reflection of your [Music] life. Oh, when they stop shine bright on me, let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, lead me, Lord. I follow everywhere you open up the door. Let your word speak to me. Show me what I never seen [Music] before. Lord, I want to be a witness. You can take what's wrong. Oh, and day star shine on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in your [Music] life. Oh my Lord, I see your world as dying, wounded by the master of the sea. Oh, ever open in the darkness, haunted by the past defeat. Oh, but I see you standing near shining with compassion in your eyes. Oh, and Jesus shine on me. Oh, I let your word shine through me in my heart. [Music] Oh, and lead me, Lord. I'll follow. Any way you open up the [Music] door. Let your words speak to me. Show me what I'll never see before. Oh. Oh. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make me. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, I shine on me. Oh, let your love shine through me. [Music] Lord, I come. I confess baring you I find my rest. Oh, and without you, oh, I fall aart. Oh, and you're the one, oh, that guides my heart. Oh, Lord, I need you. Oh, I need Oh, I need Oh, you're my one. Oh, and my [Music] rightousness, oh God, mighty. Oh, and when s Oh, your grace is more. Oh, your grace is hallelujah. That's the way you are. Oh, anywhere you are. Oh, and Lord, I am free. Oh, what a holy touches this morning. Oh, Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you. Oh, we are my Oh, you're my one. Oh, and my rightest. Oh God, sing that second verse again. Oh, and when she's run deep, oh, your grace is low. Oh, [Music] is the where you are. Oh, anywhere you are. Oh, I am free. Oh, what a holy name. Oh, is Christ in me? Oh, and Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you. Oh, and I need you. Oh, you're my one. Oh, and my friends, oh God, I just Oh, and Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you. Oh, let [Applause] me Oh, you're my Oh, and my majestous. Oh God, how might [Music] I hallelujah? Is that truly your heart desire this morning? Could you just open up your heart and say, "Lord, we need you more than ever before. Lord, without you, we can't do anything." Let's all stand this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This is my day. [Music] Oh, this is it. Oh, and your holy presence. Oh, and living in me. Oh, and this is my name. Let's just sing it as we've got our brother Matthew this morning. This is my day. Oh, and your hand your very word. Oh, and spoken to me. Oh, and [Music] I Oh, I'm desperate for [Music] you. Oh, and [Music] now Oh, I'm lost without you. [Music] Oh, this is easy and I pray. Oh, this is our Oh, and your holy praise. Hallelujah. Oh, and [Music] This is my [Music] pray. This is my daily [Music] pray. Your word. Oh. [Music] Oh. And and I are you desperate for him this morning? I'm desperate for you. Oh Lord. And [Music] I want you, oh Lord, and [Applause] I I'm desperate for you, oh Lord. Oh, and I [Music] without [Music] you. Amen. How many can agree with that? Without him, we are completely lost. We are just uh like sheep have all gone astray. But we needed somebody to come by our way and make the difference in our life. And I'm so glad that I've received a message that can show me the way. And it's it's just, you know, when we whenever you hear us say the message, you know, it's we are we are recognizing that we have received a word from Malachi 4:5, the Elijah Ministry that has introduced us to none other Jesus Christ, the person himself. We are we are not referring to the words of a man. But when we say the message, I'm talking about Jesus Christ. I love this message. I love Jesus Christ. I love this word. And if it wasn't for Malachi 4:5, I wouldn't even know who he is. Oh. Oh. If you if you think about it, all of Israel, they were waiting and believing for a Messiah. And they knew they couldn't receive that Messiah unless Elijah came. That was the prophecy that Elijah would come to introduce the Messiah. And oh, God made the same promise to the Gentiles. He said, "I will send you Elijah. We have received our Elijah." But not only have we received our Elijah, he has introduced us to the bridegroom. Christ is here. We have a message. Why don't we go before him? Heavenly Father, our hearts are just overwhelmed, Lord, with your grace, your mercy, and your love, Lord. And we just want to thank you for our mothers who have nurtured us and raised us, Lord. that Lord, as your prophet would say, there there's nothing like the love of a mother that looks out over her children and she wakes thinking and goes to bed thinking about her children. Lord, we want to give them the honor that they deserve. Oh, I feel, Lord, they certainly work much harder than I could say for myself. Lord, my wife works harder than I do. She toils and labors all day. And she gets up in the midnight hours. And she's the one that makes it all come together. And when the kids are sick, she's the one that's up. And she's making a home, Lord. It would just be a house without her, Lord. But we thank you for our godly wives, Lord. And and our godly mothers that that look out over our families. Just pray a special blessing for them today. Lord, I thank you for my mom. Lord, I often think of that mother dear who come looking for that baby that was crying out for help and she put herself in harm's way. She put herself right in the line of fire knowing it could cost her life. My mommy did that for me many times, Lord. She went on her knees countless days and nights crying out, "I thank you for a mother like that, Lord." Lord, and it was her prayers that looked out over me and certainly had a great effect and impact that I could even be standing here this morning. Lord, we pray that you'd be their portion. Now, Lord, as we turn our hearts to the word, we just pray that you'd come, Father, in a supernatural way and break the bread of life to your people that they could be blessed. We ask it in your name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's just turn to Galatians chapter 3 and we'll read a few verses there. Um, I'm just uh, you know, I I I had a I had a a a nice message I I that I had put together and I was pretty proud of it and uh, Brother Billy preached it Wednesday. So, you know, I was going to preach on, you know, act on your commission and and uh well, you know, he he he preached a a fantastic message and preached it better than I could, so I'll just preach something different. So, uh but you know, that's to me what I love about the Holy Ghost is God has a word for you and you operate the gift. So, we should have that kind of confidence regardless of what man is standing behind the pulpit that you're going to hear from God because if it's it's brother Billy's thoughts, no thought. I No, no, no offense, brother Billy. I love you, but I don't come to hear you. I I love my dad. I love our pastor and in each one, brother Andrew and and the ministers that stand here. Look, we love our brothers, but you know, if I want to hear from you, let's go have lunch, right? But when we come here to the house of God, I want to hear from him. Amen. I I want to hear from from my savior, my lord. And and God ordained the five-fold ministry to for the edifying and the perfecting of the church. Amen. So, we just pray that God would have his way in this little thought um that we have. We we we want to preach on a little thought called the pool is here. The pool is here. And as I thought about that, I was just thinking, not only is the pool here, but the pool is in you. and reading in Galatians 3:5, we may be bringing a few things together. At first, it might seem a little scattered. And if it seems scattered all the way through, we'll just look for your little piece or your little nugget. And I believe God can take one scripture or one quote. Hey, we could we could read one quote here and and be blessed. So, Galatians 3 and chapter 5, it says, are you there? Galatians 3 chapter 3 and verse 5 it says he therefore that minister to you the spirit and workketh miracles among you doth he it by works of the law or by hearing of faith even as Abraham believed God and it was accounted to him for righteousness know ye therefore that they which are of faith the same are the children of Abraham. Amen. You may be seated. If you'll also just turn over in your Bibles to John uh chapter 12 and verse 32. Like I said, it might seem like we're coming from a few different angles, but by the grace of God, we just pray that it'll come together and be a blessing to you. But uh John 12 and verse 32, but Jesus saying here, "And if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me." And brother Brandon would make a statement. He says, "If we lift up Jesus Christ up before the people, he will do the drawing. It's the greatest magnet the world has ever known, you know. And I was just kind of um uh looking into those thoughts and and about if I be lifted up and you know, I I come across brother Brandham talking about Dwight Moody and you know, he he was a mighty man of God that I believe had maybe uh it said had over 500,000 maybe to a million converts. A and you know, he was he was causing quite a stir. And so people would come out to to hear him and and one of the newspapers they decided that they wanted to maybe do a do a newspaper article and and maybe see well you know what what's all the gathering about you know and they went out there and and after they got their report they did their little write up and and they published their paper and I believe one of uh Dwight Moody's uh uh friends or managers or something got a hold of it and you know uh Dwight Moody wasn't even that educated. He couldn't even read it himself. So he had he had this brother read uh uh what they had wrote up about him and they said, "Oh, this this Dwight Moody, you know, he he's he's ugly and he he he's he's as white as he is tall and and and he snorts and he whines and he he does all of these things and at the end of the article says, "Why would anybody go out to see that?" And and Brother Brandham as he referred to the article said, you know, he said he just he just uh he just shrugged his shoulders and said shoulders and said, "Of course not." and they didn't come to to to see me. They come to see Christ. And he said, the prophet of God said, you know, that's that's just how it is. You know, Mr. Moody just shrugged his shoulders. He said, certainly not. They come to see Christ. And he said, but I think that's just the answer. It's Christ that we want to see. If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me. And we know the scripture says, "All that the Father has given me will come. I will draw." Look, when Jesus said to his disciples in Matthew 4:19, "I will make you fishers of men," I want to tell you, God knows how to fish. You know, when he says, "I will make you fishers of men," God God knows how to get his fish. God knows how how to seek and to save those that are lost, he he he knows how to get you. And I want to say he when it comes to his elect, oh my, he he's the greatest fisherman. He's he's never going to lose one. He never will lose one. and and he he he he made so sure of it that he wrote your name down on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. He put a little predestinated hook inside of you. That no matter how long you run, look, sometimes you can catch a pretty a pretty big fish, but if you got the right equipment, now don't take your bass pole and and your 12PB test line and go deep sea fishing, you're going to be disappointed. You will hook on to something that you cannot handle. Right? And maybe sometimes we feel like your problems and what you've gone through and and you've sinned away your day of grace. I want to tell you there ain't no problem too big for God. There's nothing you can do to send away your predestination. Now, I'm certainly not trying to do away with responsibility. We have a responsibility to this word. And when you hear the call of God, you better respond to it because if you walk away, you might walk away for your last time. But I believe there's a faith inside of the believer that when the enemy is attacking you in your mind and it's the greatest battle that's ever fought and you feel like you don't know what you're going to do and you you made another mistake. I want to tell you if there is a desire in your heart to serve God. Oh, you can have what you asked for. You have not sinned away your day of grace. You haven't made too many mistakes and failures. There's a predestinated hook on the inside of you. Want to see God has the right equipment to reel you in. Amen. You can run and you can run, but he'll just set the drag. Go ahead. Go ahead and run. Keep running. Some of you young people, you're running right now. Run through your websites. Run through your social medias. Run through your school. Run through your friends. Keep messing around with your fashions and your wardrobes and and you brothers going out there and looking at those girls and thinking you can talk to them when they haven't been born again and filled with the Holy Ghost. Shame on you. You're going to find yourself doing something you really regret. And then when you regret it, you feel like, "Well, I've regretted it. I've already sinned, so I might as well stay here a little while and enjoy the sin while I'm here. I already looked and lusted, so I might as well lust a little bit longer." Hey, I don't know why we're here, but we're here. I want to tell you, you go into that stuff, you'll get tired. You'll get rung up. Sin will take you further than you want to go. And you'll find yourself miserable, and you'll get to a place where you've done all the running you want to run. And all a sudden, you you'll come to a place you say, "All right, I'm done. All this running's made me tired." and he'll just start reeling you back in. And his line of predestination will never break. His his pull and his strength is not too weak. Lord, my God knows how to fish. And and if we don't revisit this, God wants to use you to be a fisher of men. If I could say you are his pull. I got to be careful with my Texas accent because I say pull, you know, it's a pull, a pull, a pull, not a swimming pool. And not, you know, not like a a flag pole, but a but but like you pull something, you know, you pull something. But my my wife teaches our kids, you know, and I need to say pull pull. But uh if if you get confused and for those that are interp interpreting or some of you that English is your second language, you speak it better than I. Well, I'm trying to say pool. P U L L. And God wants to use you to be a fisher of men. That's right. He said, "I will draw." You know, and that actually metaphorically is speaking about uh uh uh it also means to draw by an inward power to lead or impale. And I and that's what I'm preaching on. The pull is here. There's a pull. It means to use force in drawing or dragging or tugging. I I don't know. Have any of you ever been pulled? you know, one of my my my kids, you know, I I think when I you know, uh Evan was I think one of one of the girls just had it enough, so she started to just pull and drag Evan right out the room. Well, he come down and you know you know if you pull somebody fast enough and and hard enough cross carpet, it doesn't feel good. You know, we don't want to be pulled and dragged, but you want you want to know what? There's something pulling you. And I tell you, you know, like God said to to Paul, you it's hard to kick against the pricks. God knows how to catch his fish. And and just in ministering on this thought, the pool is here. Let's turn into Romans uh chapter 10 and we'll read a few verses here. Romans chapter 10. How many love reading your Bible? I say, "Lord, help me fall more in love with your written word." If you don't see Jesus Christ in every line, read it again. And uh that's quite the challenge because there's some places you're like, but it's all the inspired written word of God. And there's many times you find out in a quote, "Oh, we bypass so much, church. We bypass so much." You know, I would encourage you, you know, I understand sometimes when you're trying to find a find maybe maybe a text or initial thought, but oh, oh, the the the prophet, he'll lay so much in before he even before he even takes his text. I was at some meetings and a brother was preaching and and he he got to talking about some of the men that want to explain the message and he said, "These guys that want to explain the message, the prophet will make say more in a prayer than he will in his whole ministry." I said, "Hey, glory to God. That was pretty good." Cuz I tell you what, if anybody knew how to pray, our prophet knew how to pray. Oh my. Sometimes you want to learn how to pray. Listen to the prophet pray. You know, these things are here to teach us and to instruct us and and you can go in and hear how he approaches and oh, it'll do you a great bit of good. I mean, we got to we got to quit approaching the message academically. And when you when that turns on, understand this is a vindicated prophet of God. and just the way he starts to approach the sermon and he's getting himself out of the way and he let those stories he's telling in the beginning that's not just little stories to to get his nerves out of the way. Some of them are but you know what's happening? It's God speaking through a man and he's telling little stories because he's setting the stage for the word he wants to bring. And you'll find out as you go through that message, you're like, "Oh, that that's what happened to so- and so and that's what happened to soand so." So, uh let's just read this scripture. Therefore, whosoever shall come call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Has anybody experienced that? You know, that's my testimony. I called upon the name of the Lord and I was saved. How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Isaiah saith, Lord, who hath believed, I report? So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. So if you're ever going to receive faith, it's going to come by the hearing of the word. Now, we understand that that seed was already placed inside of you, that receptor. Just like right now, there's radio waves going through the the the room. There's there's TV waves and all of those things. And the only way you can pick that up is if you have that crystal or that receptor to receive it and that seed is laying there. And when you hear the word of God, it's quickened and brought to life. Now, we just want to start working through some of our inspiration here uh uh that we are getting out of why Christ speak. The prophet of God would say this. Moses being born with this great gift of faith. Then he was anointed and commissioned at the burning bush to deliver God's people. Now see what great qualities this man had. He he was born for a certain thing. God had purposed it. God has a purpose of you being here. See if you can only be just get to a place how much trouble you'll save God and yourself too. Oh my goodness. I could have saved God and myself a whole lot of trouble when I was 12, 13 years old when he had a call on my life and I'd had a great wonderful experience. But you know what I did? I ended up going out in the world for for a good five, six years and I could have saved myself a whole lot of trouble. You say, "Well, brother Matthew, that's part of your testimony." Yeah, it's part of my testimony, but it wasn't God's perfect will. You're never going to tell me that his perfect will was for me to go out in the world and sin and live a live a sinful life just so I could testify. But his grace and his mercy can take the per permissive and work it right back into his perfect where he can take your testimony and be a perfect testimony unto the people of what God's grace will do in an individual's life. You'll save yourself and God a whole lot of trouble. He goes on to say Moses born and then he was afterwards he was brought to the place where he was anointed. Now, now I want you to see yourself in this because he said we were all born for a purpose. Moses was born for a purpose, but he had to come to a place where he was anointed. And notice this the seed laying there with an intellectual conception with all the faith that he was born to deliver this people. And yet it never come to life until that light from the burning bush flashed across it. until he seen not something he read about but something he seen with his eyes something that spoke to him and he spoke back to it. Oh, how that did bring things to life. I say that's the kind of God I want to serve. I want to serve a God that I can speak and it speaks back. Amen. And I think a man or a woman or boy or girl and I think in in an intellectual conception of what they think the word is an intellectual conception of what you think the message is. Are you following me? and so forth can never have a full foundation stand until they have met that light that brings that word to reality. Do not sell yourself short. Every single one of us needs a burning bush experience. Every single one of us has a right to go to the pillar of fire to the burning bush. Well, you say, "What do you mean you have a right?" Because Jesus Christ paid for that, right? He he he went to Calvary and he laid down his life and he shed his own blood that you could be brought back into fellowship again. When when Adam sin, he broke the fellowship. But Christ has come, the second Adam to restore fellowship back again. That you by faith can hear the word. And you can say, "Look, if I if Lord, I if you're saying that I got to have a burning bush experience, if I got to meet you on the back side of the desert, if I can meet you face to face, then Lord, that's what I want." I think some of us just need to get in desperation where it's no longer a story that you just don't have an intellectual conception. Look, Moses had an intellectual conception that he was the deliverer of God's people. His mama raised him, right? His mama said, "You were born of a peculiar birth." She told him how he hid you and floated you down the river and God protected you and he raised you up in Pharaoh's house. Look, Moses knew he was born for a purpose. And many of us, we know intellectually, we know there's something in our heart that we are born for a purpose. But it wouldn't do Moses any good until he met that light. Now, I just might be oldfashioned, but I'm going to keep preaching an oldfashioned Pentecostal experience. I believe that's what our God, that's what our prophet preached. He said, "Look, I'm restoring you back to the original faith of the Pentecostal fathers." When they were gathered in an upper room and there came a sound like a mighty mighty wind that filled them and endued them with power on high, that same God is here this morning to fill you with the power of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. But you get we get so bound intellectually where we're just happy with an understanding of the message. We're just happy with an understanding of what God said. Look, I want more than an understanding. I need the life of this message. I need the God of this message. I need the power of this message. I need the Holy Ghost of this message. cuz my mind will fail me when this quote won't fit with that quote and and what this guy said and that one said and my mind don't understand it. Oh, I got an anchor down in here that I know what I'm talking about. That I have met Jesus Christ. I have been on the back side of the desert. I have met that light and that light changed me and quickened the predestinated sea that shut up in my bones. Oh, you can sit on it. But I want to tell you there is an experience for the believer this morning. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Let's just hear what a prophet said. He said, "I think no church in its practice, no matter how intellectual and fundamentally it right, it might be." All right, we're coming home. Oh, there's a there's a there's a lot of a lot of churches and a lot of us and myself, if we're not careful, I think no church in its practice, no matter how intellectual and fundamentally it might be, that church cannot thrive until the supernatural is made known among the people and they see it. something they can talk to that will talk back to them that vindicates this written word. Now, I don't know about you, but you ought to take that personal right now and say, "God, I see a vindicated prophet telling me that a church cannot thrive until the supernatural is made known among that people." Look, I want to bring it down to I know we see the supernatural and many of us have experienced, but I'm talking about an individual now coming to the place and saying hh and they see it something that they the individual can talk to and it talked back to them. I want to tell you if you've never talked to God, if you've never took the word, if you've never took the message and it speak back to you, you say, "Brother Matthew, I've never heard an audio board. I'm talking about something in your soul that is so far beyond the five senses of your flesh that something has anchored within your soul that when your mind will fail you, your thoughts will fail you, your five senses will fail you, your family will fail you, your church will fail you. But there has come an anchor inside of your soul that you know that this message is right. And if everybody else walks away, I have heard a message. I have believed. I have spoke to God and the message has spoken back. I have heard from God. He said in Luke 18, Jesus said, "When the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith in the earth." Now, the prophet of God would pick this up and he would, Brother Brandon would tie Luke 18, "Will I find faith in all the earth?" And he would tie that together with Revelations 10:7, "In the days of the message of the seventh angel, the mysteries of God ought to be finished." Will I find faith? We're speaking on faith for a little bit. Not just any kind of faith. Not just a denominational faith, not a partial faith, but I want to say the faith of this hour for this has to be rapturing faith. And I I just want to speak it on that. I I was just when that struck my heart about rapturing faith, I it reminded me of a quote that I want to read to you where brother Brandon was talking about how the the the church lady, they're blind, miserable, wretched, naked, and and they don't know it and and they just trample over the things of God. I I think it's astounding to me, but you know, we we understand that Malachi 4:5 was the ministry of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles. It it was the exact same thing. It was it was I I don't know how else to say it, but you look back and see here was Jesus opening the blind eyes and and deaf ears coming open. A and I I'll never I love the story how they said to Jesus like who is this man that can forgive sin? He says well let me ask you a question. Is it harder for me to say thy sins are forgiven or take up thy bed and walk? And he spoke to that man. He said take up your bed and walk. What what was it? It was God failing himself. It was God in man. All they could see is this not the son of Joseph. Is this not the son of Mary? Alls they could do is contact the natural but oh there was a predestinated people there when he p I don't know how many people Jesus said follow me. It's not recorded in there but alls I know that he came by Peter and John. Look this message has called a lot of people. I want to say the son of man has been lifted up. He says if I be lifted up I will draw all men unto me. Look, I don't know how many fishermen he walked by and said, "Follow me." But I know there was two that had a predestinated seed inside of them. And when that message said, "Come and follow me." They looked out there in fishing nets. They looked at their boat. They looked at their father said, "Something's calling. Something's trling. I got to go. I got to follow. I got to leave my job. I got to leave my career. I have to follow after the word." I want to say the message should do the same thing in you. Amen. And the Sadducees and Pharisees, they just sat around and just wanted to to bicker and wanted to condemn and and what said, "Well, this is of Elseub." They couldn't receive it. You know how that the the the you know, they asked him, "Lord, you know, why why is this why was this man blind? Is because of his parents' sin, his sin? Who why is it this way?" He said, "Neither that God would get the glory. that the son of man should be glorified and that God performed the, you know, a supernatural work on him. And remember, he had to be obedient, too. He He made the spittle in clay and he put his now go wash. You got, you wonder why you don't get the results of the word. You haven't been obedient to the word. You're still staging around in sanctification and you haven't given up certain habits and certain things and you wonder why you're struggling. Well, lay them down. Be obedient to the word. Take God in his word. Apply the token. Clean up your house. Listen, if you find yourself failing again, call on the name of the Lord. Say, "Lord, come back. I I somehow got weak. I entertained the thought again, Lord, but but I want to be sanctified. I want to be filled." And you you go back to the first works. You do your repentance. But you wonder why you're you're you're not seeing things. Look, the prophet labored there. You wonder why you ain't seeing certain blessings your life when he when he stood there before those Pentecostal people and said, "How can I teach them algebra when they won't even learn their ABCs?" I I think it's a strange thing. Have we come to a place in this message where we're fighting and bickering about our ABCs? We don't know how to dress. We don't know how to act. We don't know how to wear our hair. We we're we're confused about emotions at work. Are you kidding me? This is a mature bride. This is a mature lady. We are so much further down the road. We are crossing over. We have received our Joshua ministry that has taken us into the promised land. We are possessing our inheritance. That's the truth. I I ain't no confused Pentecostal from 50, 60 years ago. So if you see me screaming, shouting, and dancing, look, I ain't trying to work up some feeling. I ain't trying to go back to some dead formal religion. No, I'm rejoicing in the presence of the S. Soom because I have received my Messiah. The capstone has come and crying, grace, grace, grace. And I am living in the presence of the son. Boy, I love this message. Hallelujah. I love this word. I love calling me a fanatic. Yes, I am a fanatic. I was a fanatic when I was out there in the world, so I might as well be a fanatic for God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Every They were just all trampling over him just like the Sadducees and Pharisees did. They they just trampled right over the things of God. Called it be elabub. And what happened? God come to the Gentiles according to divine promise. And here was the ministry of the son of man on a display again. And what did they do? They called it Beelzeba. But you know what? He came for the elect. He came for the predestinated. You know when brother Brandon mentions the third pool, we know the third pool is revealing Christ. That's what we want to get to. And that the pool is here. The third pool is here. It's Christ. It was the revealing of the son of man. A and and and we know that the third pulled us to the totally lost. I'm Come on. Are y'all studying the message? I I I look, I I want to promise you one thing. I'm only going to say what the prophet said. I'm only going to say what the Bible said. And and so if if I say something that the prophet didn't say, please come to me because I want to be right. But I just want to say I I hope that we can be relaxed and we can just enjoy the word of God. And brother Matthew's not trying to take you anywhere that that the prophet didn't take you. I got no voice of my own. Look, I my prophet told me I ain't got no thought coming. So if you want to know what I'm thinking about, I want to think about the message. You want to know what I'm talking about? I want to talk about the message. You want to know what I'm feeding on? I'm feeding on the message. I ain't studying Billy Graham's message. I ain't studying Oral Roberts message. I ain't going back into history books and finding out what this one said and that one said. I only have one desire in my heart. I want to know what Malachi 4:5 said because it was Malachi 4 that was commissioned to introduce me to my Messiah. And when I feed on that word, I'm feeding on the body word of the son of man. I am feeding on my Messiah. I have received the message. And that's why I'm worked up. That's why I'm happy. Because while the church world out there is looking for a Messiah to come, I have heard a shout. I have heard a message that said, "Behold the lamb of God. Christ is here." Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love this message. I love this word. I want to I want to eat it, drink it, breathe it. It's more than life to me. I've tried the things of the world and they failed me. I tried what lady OC I had to offer and it failed me. But my God has never failed me one time. That ought to get a bigger amen in a church with over 400 people in it. Are you kidding me? Help us, Lord Jesus. I say Christ is here. He has never failed you. I said he has never failed you. I said maybe what we need to start doing is doing a little tallying up. Did he fail you when you were a kid? Did he fail you when you were four or five? Did he fail you when you were a teenager? Did he fail you when you were sick? Did he fail you when you needed the Holy Ghost? Hallelujah. I said, "Has he ever failed you?" He's never failed you. And I want to tell you, if he's given you a promise, you keep standing on that promise, cuz my God will never fail you. Christ come for the elected. The prophet of God says this. He says in the rapture, just jumping out into this quote, he says, we brother Brandon was talking about how Lady O and all them just trample right over the things of God. But he says, but to the church, the bride, the rapture is a revelation to her. It ain't no public show. It's a revelation. Hey, some of y'all are looking for the rapture. I'm crazy enough to let you know it's here. I'm living in it. Look, look, look. While while the world is looking for an event, just like Mary said, Lord, I know at the resurrection, my brother will rise. I know. Oh, hallelujah. He what did he tell her? He said, he said, Mary, the resurrection is not just an event. He said the resurre I am the resurrection. Oh, what a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is. The quickening power lets us see his qu his his coming. His quickening power lets us see him revealed in the word. While the church world is waiting for airplanes to fall out of the sky. While the church world is waiting for some event, they have missed the advent of the prophet messenger of Malachi 4:5 saying, "Behold the lamb of God." And I think it's amazing in the scripture. What do you find just a chapter later? The disciples of John are coming to Jesus. Why in the world does discip John still have disciples? because they never caught the revelation. They never caught the third pole. They never caught that John was introducing the son of man. And that's why today we still have disciples of with brother Brandham. But they have never caught the opening of the word that he came. He said, "Oh, I must decrease. You might see some strange things. A stepping back." Oh, just like John the Baptist. He said, "Brother Randerson said, I must continue on in evangelism like I was first commissioned." Is that what he said? Well, what did John do? He continued on baptizing at the Ohio River. I mean, the Jordan River, right? But he had already fi fulfilled the commission. He had already introduced. And there was two standing there. I believe it was Andrew and another one. They were they were disciples of John. They were listening to the message. They loved the third pool. They loved the second pool. They said this here, oh, you know, I'm dramatizing here. You know, they're they're seeing a prophetic ministry. They loved all these things. But when it came to his message, behold the lamb of God. They they they they what did they do? They followed what the prophet was introducing. Now, don't get any idea in your head that you can leave this message, you leave this message, you leave the word. You leave Malachi 4:5, you leave the word. You want to try try to say, "Oh, he introduced the message in 63 and so the things before." I'm sorry. Hold on. You got the wrong guy here. I'm going to believe Genesis to Revelations and I will believe everything that's on tape from that vindicated prophet because I believe it was the very voice of God to me by faith. I know that I know there's a portion laying in there that's a man, but God allows it to be that way because it'll stumble some people and they'll fall away. But I can look past the veil because I have a revelation. I am not looking at a man. Other people come into this church, they look up there and they see a man, but somebody that got a revelation. I'm not looking at a man. I'm looking past the veil. I see the shakina glory. I see the logos. I see the same pillar of fire. I see the same cloud that was leading the children of Israel by day and by night. I see him. I don't see a man. We're well taught in these things. The rapture is a revelation. It's revealed to her that the revelation, the true bride of Christ will be waiting for the revelation of the rapture. Now, it is a revelation for the revelation is faith. You cannot have a revelation without it being faith. Faith is a revelation because it's something that's revealed to you. Faith is a revelation. Faith is something that has been revealed to you like it was to Abraham that could call anything contrary to what had been revealed to him as though it wasn't. So now faith that's what faith is. It's a revelation is a the revelation of God. The church is built upon a revelation. The whole entire body Amen. The message of the hour will produce a faith to meet the challenge of the age. I I don't care how bad it looks and how much darkness and sin is heaping up around you and it just looks like you're not going to be able to make you make it. I want to tell you that the message will produce a faith in you to meet the challenge of the age. And I want to tell you, you can't just sit around and wonder and hide yourself in a closet and think, "Oh, the darkness will pass sometimes." I don't want to talk about the message. I don't want to go out there. Look what we're talking about. If I the if I the son of man be lifted up, how's he going to be lifted up? Now, we know we know in one type he was lifted up and ascended on high, but he said, "Look, I got to go away that I might send a comforter that I might come to you." So now what is he? All that was in God, he poured into Christ. And all that was in Christ, he poured into you, the believer. So where is Christ now? He's in you. So how is the world going to see Christ? They got to see you. You can't just be not telling anybody. Reminds me of that boy. You know, the mama told the boys like, "You know, son, now you know when you go up there to that camp, they're going to find out that you're a Christian and they're really going to give you a hard time. You might lose your job. you know, something might happen to you when they find out what you believe because, you know, they can really make it rough on you. He said, "Okay, mama, no problem." So, he went out there maybe four or five days and he he got back and he said, "Son, I was praying for you the whole time. I knew they were going to give you a real rough time when they found out you were a Christian. How did everything go?" He said, "Oh, mom, it went great." She says, "Really? What happened?" He goes, "They never found out." We laugh about it, but does your neighbor know? Does your coworker that you've been sitting to for 10 years know what you believe? You went to high school? You went to junior high and you're telling me the people you call your friends? Don't even know about Malachi 4:5. Come on. I question whether they're your friend or not. I'm sorry. This message is the greatest thing the planet has ever witnessed. Let's just say let's just say a spoonful of ocean water. I don't know what that would do to the economy. So that people that are smart don't go don't get that far. But we know it's the gospel or a gospel. Let's look at it that way. If a spoon let's look at it from a health perspective because I was about to say if it was money that'd be weird. But let's say a spoonful of ocean water could heal you. And you're packing around a a spoonful of ocean water and you're saying, "Well, I might need this someday. I'll keep it for myself." And you got friends and co-workers and people that need a spoonful of ocean water and you're afraid to give it out because you might run out. Brother Brandham talks about I believe about could you imagine a mouse on the grain silos of Egypt eating sparingly. Friends, you can never exhaust the message and it's the greatest thing that ever hit the planet. You got to tell your friends. You got to tell your co-workers. You got to tell your family. What happens if they ridicule me? Well, what happens if I lose my job? God got your back. What were you dependent on in the first place? Are you dependent on your job or are you dependent on God? Are you dependent on your paycheck? Are you dependent on his word? I say, what are you depending on? Oh, it's a revelation. And I say, you got to act on it. Noah received the word of God. Then what did he have to do? He had to act on it. The prophet of God said he had to act on that word and then he would see the miracle. Some of us, we've believed the message. We received the message, but you haven't acted on it. I say it's time you start acting on it and taking God at his word. Noah moved by faith for the building of the ark, for the salvation of his family. I just want to say this because revelation affects the way you act. It affects the way that you think. It affects the way that you dress. Amen. It affects the way that you plan. It It starts to have an effect on your life and the friends that you have and the certain jobs that you are take. It affects your schedule because somebody who was born again and filled with the Holy Ghost, they would make sure they were in the house of God when the doors are open. And they would make sure to put the word of God first. They would do everything within their power to stand for truth. And you say, "Well, you know what? I I esteem God's word greater than what Lady Oia has to offer. If I lose my job standing for this message, I say, "Let me lose my job." But at least I stood for truth. But we're so bound by fear and Lady Oia under such a pressure. You think Lady Oia is providing your needs? God's providing your needs. revelation starts to affect the way you act. Just like a a a lady with child, you know, it starts to affect her. You know, all of a sudden she doesn't eat the same thing she used to eat. Her diet starts to change. it starts to affect the way she plans and and and oh that that anniversary trip we were going to go on. Even though it was paid for, even though you you you had the airplane paid for and and you had the the hotel paid for and everything was paid for, there's something else that's taken a greater preeminence in their life. I don't care if it's paid for. I I don't care how wonderful the trip was going to be. Something's happening to me. I'm being changed and it gets to such a place where they can't hide it anymore. Come on. It gets to such a place where they can't even hide it anymore. Their their whole life and existence is declaring I'm going to have a baby. It becomes the the predominant factor in their mind what they're thinking about. You know, so much so it reminds me I I uh I was at some meetings. I went up to a couple And uh I said, "Well, you know what? Another one in the books." She said, "Yeah, yep. Number two, it's going to be a girl." Oh. Oh, sister. I'm I'm sorry. I I I would have been more gracious. I I was talking about the meetings. But you see what was on her mind? See, her life was declaring, "I'm going to have a baby." And because what her life was declaring, people are asking, "So, what's it going to be? When's the due date? When's this? was that. So every all of her conversation and the very thing that people are approaching her and the very things that that they're talking to her about is because her life is declaring she's going to have a baby. What about the church of the living God? We ought to be so impregnated with the message of the hour that our very life is declaring his presence is declaring he's here. Is declaring the coming of the Lord. Amen. No, God, help me. Maybe we're so quiet because our lives aren't declaring it. May maybe we're so quiet because we realize we've fallen short. Maybe we're so quiet cuz we realize we got all these things hanging on us and we're not free. We're so bound down by Lady Oia. We're so bound down by the pressures of the age. We're so bound down by our job and what our friends think and by our culture and our fashions and our music. That's Come on. Hey, I'm just preaching what the prophet preached. A lot of us are in different places, so don't sit on me. There's somebody here that needs to hear it. But we get to a place of such an intellectual conception. preach to where I'm living, brother Matthew. Well, I'm trying to, but you're so intellectually full of understanding, you think you're above it. Now, this is my our pastor's sheep, so you forgive me for being a little rough. I I don't want to talk to another man's sheep that way, but I pray it's the word of God penetrating to your soul. A shaking. Come on. I know what God did for me. I know what meeting the pillar of fire did to me. And I look at others lives and I just want to see the same thing he did for me. He set my soul on fire. He changed me. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. And I just want the same thing for you, brother Gillan. I want the same thing for you, brother Ben. I want the same thing for each one of you. S preach the message in such a way that you can come to a place and meet that light for yourself that you can walk into your job with a confidence. Hey boss, just want to let you know I'm giving you my two weeks that I'm not working on Wednesday night anymore cuz I'm going to church. You know what? I know I'm self-employed and you think I ain't got that problem. I tell you right now, I would love the opportunity to do it because I love taking God at his word. I love putting the word first. I love a good old challenge. Cuz I've been there when my boss said, "Look, I'm sorry you got to work on Easter." I said, "Well, do you want to fire me or do you want to quit?" Because I don't work on the Lord's day. I said, "There ought to be some people rise up with a backbone that aren't afraid to declare the message. It's going home time. It's rapture time. It's bride time. It's seed time. And you're worried about the next career change over the word of God. Are you kidding me? Follow me. Peter and James, they didn't say, "It's a good catch. Let me catch some fish first. I got a job raise if I just put in the work. Come on. Are you with me? We're talking about revelation. It affects the way you act. We only got about an hour more, so just bear with me. Okay. Hallelujah. But Noah went to work. His faith put him in action. That's what I I love brother Billy's message. responsibility. You got to act on your commission. You got to act on the respon. You have a responsibility that God has entrusted with the message of the hour that you got to go declare he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Malachi 4:5 couldn't receive a message from God and go stay in the cave his whole life. He had to go out and declare the message. And you too have to go out and declare the message. The prophet of God said, "It's going to take more faith than ever was in any age for this house to be rapturing faith to be taken up." I say we ought to be s in such expectation. Where we're singing lately, I've got leaving on my mind. Oh, it just seems like that's all I've been thinking about. Is that is that how you feel? Is that maybe what y'all's expectation is? says that's what's been dominating your thoughts is the rapture. Is that what's been dominating your thoughts is the message of the hour? Look, we know that faith comes by that kind of faith. We're talking about a rapturing faith comes by the message that we've heard. If you want rapturing faith, it's going to come by Malachi 4:5. Continuing on to why Christ speak. He says, "Just as we know, as a man asked me a few moments ago about the coming and the rapture, we know we've lived the time out at the time of the rapture is at hand. And we're looking for a rapturing faith." This is my inspiration right here. He says, "We're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give it some supernatural strength that can change these bodies that we live in." Amen. Are you looking for it? Are you believing for it? Are you asking for it? Are you praying for it? Are you eating for it? Are you thinking for it? Or is it, you know, we believe the message? God sent a prophet. One of these great glorious days, he'll come. No. He says, "We've lived the time out at the time of the rapture is at hand, and we're looking for a rapture in faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength that can change these bodies that we live in. When we see a God that can raise the dead off the floor out here in the yard and bring them back to life again and present him before us. When we see a God who can take the cancer that eat a man to a shadow and raise them up to a strong, healthy man, that ought to give rapturing faith to the people." Oh, he's declaring that ought to give rapturing faith to the people that when that light flashes from the sky and the trumpet sounds, the body of Christ will be quickly gathered together and changed in a moment and taken into the heavens. Yes, there's got to be something like that happen. I say we ought to just start praising God and believing and knowing, hey, there gots to be something like that happen. There's going to be a rapture. There's going to be a body change. Hey, I'm going to step out of this dimension and I'm stepping in another dimension. I am going into a millennium. I am going to a new Jerusalem. There are streets paved with gold. There is a tree of life. The gates have already been hung. I don't know about you. I'm not living for Lady Osia. I'm living to take that step into another dimension. It excites me. Maybe we'll talk about going to Disneyland. And that'll get some people excited. What's your favorite sports group? Oh, is the company doing another party? Look, I want to stay away from it, but I I know what a prophet taught. Church, we got to get in the spirit. Amen. We got to get in the spirit. We got to get in the spirit. We got to get in the spirit. I mean, that I I'm not the one that said it. Malachi 4:5 said it. We got to get in the spirit. He said, "You got to get in the spirit to make things happen." Yes, sir. You want to get in the spirit of a dance party, you'll dance. You want to get in the spirit of a ball game, you'll get happy and hoop and holler. And he said, "You got to get in the spirit." Friends, we got to break through. Yes, sir. We got to break through and break out. I I don't know what's hanging over us, but I say, "Oh, God, shake these heavy hands. Break this cloud of darkness that's over us that we can be set free to believe God for all things." Amen. I say, "Where are we living? Are you living in Lady Osia or are you living in a bride age?" Some of us, we're so caught up in Lady Osia. We're so hung up in the things of this world that we are not enjoying the benefits of the message of the hour. Amen. Hey, I'm living in it. I'm soaring in it. Hallelujah. I say, let's go, church. Let's get in the spirit. Let's get happy. Let's get excited. We're not going to Disneyland. We're not going on vacation. Oh, glory. Kids get real excited when Christmas is around the corner. I don't know. Maybe we got to make a connection here. Is there something anybody's happy about? Are any of y'all Is anybody going on a trip that you're really excited about? Is anybody going overseas? Is anybody really excited about going over to Europe? Oh, yeah. And you just can't wait. It's so exciting. You're researching and you're looking, oh, it's going to I want to eat here and I want to eat there. How should I dress? What's the weather like? Oh, Malachi 4:5 come to tell you. This is where we're going. This is how you ought to dress. This is how you want to approach your Lord. Hey, get all things ready. I I've come to introduce you to your Messiah. I say you ought to get excited. Hey, we're going home. We're going in a rapture. I don't care about a paycheck on Friday. I don't care about my bills. I care about the word. [Applause] That ought to be more of a reality to you than the pew that you're sitting on. I said, "That ought to be more of a reality to you than the pew you're sitting on." And you should live for that reality. He said, "We're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give it some supernatural strength. Education won't produce it." If if if you hear something that's familiar, just for for Matthew's sake, just say, "Amen." Amen. That'd be that'd be nice. So, uh, education won't produce it. Hallelujah. Maybe I'll read that quote before. We're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength. Amen. So I mean sometimes it helps if I say a vindicated prophet brother Brandham Malachi 4:5 said we're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength. So you know what I'm looking for? I'm looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength. I'm looking for supernatural strength. Amen. And I believe supernatural strength is already in me. I believe everything that I ever had need of, God already placed it inside of me. And he sent a message to awaken the seed on the inside of me to say, you are the bride of Christ. You can do the greater works. You can go in a rapture. You can step into another dimension. You can go into a body change. And there's a seed of faith in me that says, "Amen." Amen. Amen. I can do the greater works. Amen. I am going to a body church. Amen. I do have supernatural strength. Amen. There is a rapturing faith to pull the church together. Amen. Oh, the prophet of God said that Moses knew he was born for a purpose because he was taught right. But he said intellectual faith is not enough. You have to meet that light that brings the word to a reality. Because when you get into the trenches, when you get into those dark places, when you get into those hard times, you're going to need a reality of the word and not just an intellectual conception of the word. Because Moses found out real quick when he went out there and murdered a man, he didn't have the power that he thought he had because what did he do? He ran. But when all of his strength was gone, when he had no more ability, all of his alliances in Egypt, you know, maybe he could have talked to this general and and maybe he found favor with this guy and and all of these things, you know, maybe he could have come in the back door and he could have talked up an army and he he could have he could have took him. Nope. When everything was gone, the prophet of God said, "The burning bush had what Moses lacked. This message has what we lack." Yes, we are predestinated. I'm not done preaching. We got some we got some more hay on the fork. And and you know, this is this is uh this is all voluntary. So, if you want to go, I understand. It is voluntary, right? Absolutely. This is all voluntary. I love it. That's what people tell me when I I'll do something for them. They go, "You didn't have to do that." I said, "I know. If I had to, I wouldn't have wanted to." It's like one time I I I got Man, I was I I was I was I was uh uh so so excited. You know, the thought come my heart. You know what? I'm going to mow the lawn for my dad. It's getting long out there. I need to mow the yard. I I get a So, I put my tennis shoes on and and I put some clothes on and I was all happy. I'm going to do something for my dad. And I hit that front door and opened it up. My dad said, "Hey, son, go mow the yard." And I wasn't excited anymore. I didn't even want to do it anymore because it was no longer optional. But, you know, coming to church is optional. We are free moral agents. Isn't that wonderful that you can choose to come to church or you can choose to go to work? I choose to go to church. Amen. Hey, we won't try to keep you much longer. Just a few more minutes. But I say we ought to be living for the reality of the word. We ought to be living for that rapturing faith and that supernatural strength that can pull the church together. And it's not going to come by an intellectual conception. Brother Random said intellectual faith is not enough. You got to meet that light that brings the word to a reality. So continuing on to why Christ speak. He says there was that go there was the God of Abraham speaking of the burning bush. He says there was the God of Abraham in that light. A pillar of fire back in the bush. That fire like waves going out but it didn't bother the bush. And the voice of the scripture, the voice of God spoke through there and said, "I have chosen you. You are the man. I raised you up for this purpose. I'm proven to you here by signs. You're going down to deliver the children because my word has got to be fulfilled." Oh, his word of this day has got to be fulfilled. We're living in the hour. No matter what anyone else says, the word has to be fulfilled. Heavens and earth will pass away, but not his word. He said, now when Moses got all this together and seen by every direction, it anointed his faith. Amen. Amen. Oh my, what a thought. This a self itself seeing the scriptures pointed right straight to what it was and the speaking God an evidence of it there it anointed what faith he had in him to go to work now we all want some big thing to do but God's wanting to anoint your faith to testify to your neighbor God's wanting to anoint your faith that you don't got to work Wednesday night God's wanting to anoint your faith that you ain't got to work on Sunday call me a crazy man but if I see something in the word of God by faith, I can have it. I don't got to work on Sunday and I ain't got to work on Wednesday night because God told me I can have what I asked for if it's according to the word. Then you can go in there and act according to your faith and go into your boss or go into this or going to that. Say, "Hey, I want to be at church for communion and there ain't going to be no devil in hell. There ain't going to be no paycheck. I'll sleep under a bridge, but I'm going to be in the house of God to take communion." Oh, when you get into desperation and you get serious, God will back you up. Anointed what faith he had in I don't know why we kept hitting that a million times, but somebody needed to hear it. Anointed what faith he had in him to go to work. What ought it do to us? I feel this is a good time to drop this in there. I was reading a quote. Brother Brother Random said, "Brother Neville preached about 45 minutes and he started to close up." He said, "Man, what a shame. I was just getting stirred in my spirit. We were just getting started. So, I just want to drop that in. I'm just getting stirred up. I'm just getting a little excited. I feel like we're just getting started." And and once again, it's optional. Remember that. He says, "What ought he he goes and evidence they anointed what faith he had for him to go to work. What ought it do to us? We need a repentance. We need a revival." I'm saying myself. See, I need a shaking. I need something. I said I was speaking to myself this morning about myself. I need a wakening up. Church, we need a repentance. We need a revival. We need a shaking. We need a waking up. I read it again. Hey, we got to get in the spirit of it. If the prophet said that's what he needed, I'm going to say, little old Master McGary, I need the same thing. What ought it do to us? We need a repentance. We need a revival. I'm saying myself, see, I need a shaking. I need something. I said I was speaking to myself this morning about myself. I need awakening up. We need awakening up. Wake up. Wake up. It's the coming of the Lord. It's the midnight cry. Shake yourself. And if you've already been shaken, go shake your neighbor. Go shake your family. Go shake shake your coworker. Lift up the name of Jesus. Lift up the message. Amen. Brother Brandham said, "I know that down in every man's heart there's something that yearns to see the supernatural. I don't know about you." I have never been so excited in all my life about a pope. I mean, I have never cared. I have never cared except how brother Brandham would go through some of the teachings and about the pope coming to America and the moons and certain things and and those great things that lay within the message and how uh things in heaven are, you know, they're declared in the natural and so you can study those things. They're they're very good to study. But as far as yo, you know, the historical part of it, but my when they elected or chose a pope from the United States My ears perked up because even the whole world said it was a phenomenon. I mean, they thought no one would they would never choose a pope out of the United States. They would never choose a pope to represent the greatest power on earth. You say, "Well, why is that so significant?" Well, let me tell you. Come on. Because in 19 now, I don't know about you, but hey, I'm not saying it is, but it sure looks like it is. Because, you know, everybody looked when when when it was prophesied that he saw a woman ruler, he said it could be a vice president or a president or the Catholic Church. See, we didn't need to see a vice president standing there arrayed in purple, but it was declaring something that already took place in the supernatural. We we were seeing a natural event declare what had already happened that that America's already wormed up through all of its cabinets with the Roman Catholic Church. We we have the most Roman uh Catholic government we've ever had. We have the most Roman Catholic uh Supreme Court that we've ever had. Look, this is all prophecy. So when I look back in 1954 and it prophesies, I believe one of these glorious days when the United Conf Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like under the beast. And I tell you, Come on. The true church of God will be drove together. Hallelujah. I'm being drove together. There is a pull here. The third pool, the opening of the word that is pulling the church together. It's going all Look up. Your redemption drawth nigh. That ought to excite your soul. Or are you still wanting to go to Disneyland? Lord, just wait another two weeks. I got great big plans. Oh, I want to tell you, this far exceeds anything the natural could offer me. This might be the one or not, but I want to tell you, it stirs my soul to know I'm living in one of the I'm living in the greatest moment ever known to mankind. I said, I'm living in the greatest moment ever known to mankind. Look, we see prophecy being fulfilled. We see modern events being made clear by prophecy. We see the end time signed seed. It's harvest time. It's going home time. I said it's going home time. It's going home time. He said when you see a pope come out of the United States, yeah, it's driving the ecumenical council and everything together, but there's going to be something else that drives the bride of Christ together. I try to make this last stretch. Just give me about five to seven minutes and I'll start closing. We see all these things happening. But but the prophet of God, I'm just going to preface something before I read out his end time sightsee. But he says, he says, "Look, the denominationals, they're looking for oil. The Pentecostals, they're calling for healing and calling for revivals. They're calling for healing services. Uh they're wanting to see the gifts operating in the church. He said an end time sign seed. He said, "What are they trying to do? Get oil in their lamps." Exactly. It's that's the end time sign. Amen. When she was trying to do that, this is 1962. The bridegroom come and the bride went in. She was locked out. Oh, what a wonderful day we're living in. Amen. I said, "What a wonderful day we're living in." To think that we are living in the moments of the catching away of the bride of Jesus Christ that Paul wanted to live here. Peter wanted to live here. All of those that went before, they all wanted to live here. And God chose me. He chose you to live in the most climactical age that man has ever. I believe I'm preaching to a people. Look, if I don't see the change of my body, I believe these young people here Yeah, we'll be able to manifest the scripture. Oh death, where is your sting? Oh crave, where is your victory? Brother Christian, I believe one of these days you'll be changed in a moment and a twinkling of an eye. You'll put death under your feet. I want to be here. The prophet wanted to be here. And I believe I'll be here. But I'm telling you, I believe there's people sitting here that are going to manifest the prophecy of the hour. What a wonderful time where you ought to live for it, church. You ought to pour your heart and soul into this message. Hallelujah. What a time we're living in. Churches are being united under an ecumenical council. The spring rain has come. What? The sewing rain has come. The teaching reign has come. Brother Brandham preached spoken word is the original seed. An end times side seed. He said, what did he say? He said, the denominational seed has been sown. He said, the Pentecostal seed has been sown. He said, but the word seed has been sown. And he goes on to say, but the word of God has been sowed also. And when the spirit of God begins to fall, the word of God will live in a people. And that false bride that's committed adultery out there and brought herself into creeds and sold out her birthright will reap what? A confederation of churches, that's to be bound and burned like the thorns and thistles. But where the word of God has been sowed into the people's heart, it will reap a bride for Christ as certain as I'm standing here. End time sign. I want to say you are an end time sign. The prophet of God said the word would be sown into the hearts of a believer and it would reap a bride for Christ. I am looking I am looking at the harvest. This message has reaped a bribe for our Lord Jesus Christ and you are that harvest. Oh hallelujah. I'll just ask brother John to come help me with a song. Hallelujah. Look, this message has to be your reality. I know you got bills. I know you got to go to work. I I know the electric bill's coming and you got to pay it. I know you're trying to make ends meet. I know you're sick in your body. I I I know you you want to be able to get a bigger house. I know you want to get out of that apartment. I I know all of those things, but that's in one sense. But there's another sense. There's another sense, a six sense of faith when you can go into India and there be believers digging six, seven feet down into the ground and putting a little satch roof over it and that's where they gather for church down there in that little little plane. And when all the the rains come, it totally washes their little church and all that mud away. You think they're upset and disappointed about it? Say, "Brother, well, what do you do when the rains come and wash it all away? What do you do?" He goes, "Oh, we just rebuild it, brother." Amen. They're living over there in mud huts and gathering in holes in the ground. But that's in one sense. In another sense, they have heard from their theophony. They're just as rich as any believer because they have come in contact with the logos. They have come in contact with the message. They don't care whether they're in a hole in the ground. I don't care whether you're in a highrise. It won't do you any good unless you've got contacted with the message of the hour. Oh, there's another sense. This message is a reality, church. I say look up. Your redemption drawth nigh. I know you got problems, but we got a message to take us out of our problems. gross darkness upon the people, but arise and shine. Thy light has come. Paul said in Hebrews 11:24, "By faith," Moses, when he had come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter, choosing rather to suffer the afflictions with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season. Oh, God help us. Some of us are enjoying pleasures of sin for a season. But I pray that your faith gets past of intellectual conception. Well, you'll start taking God at his word. There's little things laying in your life that declare you haven't sold out locks, stock, and barrel. The way we carry ourselves and the certain things we do, we can see. But oh, when when Moses faith was anointed, he said, "Choosing rather to suffer the affliction with the people of God than enjoy the pleasures of sin for season." No. Moses knew there was something in him. There was something in him, right? He he he believed that was his people. But he tried to fulfill that in his own ability. But when that intellectual understanding became anointed, he could come down there with a stick in his hand and say, "Let my people go." Because it was no longer a man going. It was God going in the form of a man. He said, "Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt, for he had respect under the recompense of the reward. By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king, for he endured, seeing him who was invisible." Brother Brandham says this as we bring this to a close. He says, "But when faith when faith looks at God's worst," here was here was Moses looking out the window of the palace and seeing the people of God dirtbers in mud holes making bricks. He says, "But when faith when faith looks at God's worst, it esteems it greater and more valuable than the best the world can show." Yes, sir. When faith looks at it, when faith can see it, when faith in the word can see the word made manifest, it's more to them than all the glamour and archbishopry and everything else you can speak of. Faith does it. See, he goes on to say, for you see, faith sees what God wants done. Oh, God, help us to see what you done want done with this message. What did he say? He said, here is the secret. The word is in the bride. She knows what he wants done with the word. Amen. He says, "For you see, faith sees what God wants done. Oh, I hope this goes in." Faith doesn't look at the present time. Faith doesn't see this here. Faith looks to see what God wants and it works accordingly. That's what faith does. It sees what God wants and what God wants done. And faith operates through that. Faith is a long range vision. It doesn't lower its sight. It holds to the target. Amen. Oh church, we have a message. This message didn't come to make us lukewarm. This message didn't come to make us starchy. This message came to give you a long range vision. I ain't looking at Lady Osia. I'm looking at a pride age. I'm looking at going home. I'm looking at a rapture. My faith has anchored in a body change. My faith is anchored in the revelation of the rapture. I'm going home. I got my ticket out of here. I said I got my ticket out of here. Hey, one of these days I'm going to be gone. You can have Lady Oia. You can have the fashions and the glamour of this world, but one of these days I'm going to be changed and I'm going to be gone. Hallelujah. Why don't you praise the Lord? Why don't you praise God? We're going in a rapture. We're going in a body change. I got a message. Hallelujah. Why don't you praise God? Why don't you praise the Lord? It's going home time, church. Hallelujah. no longer earthbound. Church, I say if anything, when we see prophecy being fulfilled, when I see a pope come out of the United States and I see the Roman Catholic Church coming into power, prophet of God said a national force put Israel back in their homeland. National force will drive all the economical moves and everything together. He said, "But the power of God will put the people in the bride." There's a power here. Oh, when I see prophecy being fulfilled, I say, "Oh, let's get all the leaven out." Yes, Lord. Hey, delete all the apps that are unpleasing. Get off the Netflix. Get off the websites. Quit entertaining those boys and those girls. Hey, quit messing with the things of the world. It ain't time for that. [Music] Oh, this message is real. When Joshua stood there, he said, "Make you sharp swords. We're going over." I imagine Caleb. Hallelujah. I've been believing for this for 60 years. Brother Joshua, give me my mountain. I'm more able today. Oh, Brother David, you're more able today than when you heard this message in San Diego. We're more able today to take a body change. We're more able today to lay hands on the sick and they recover. We're more able today to do the greater works. Why? I've come in the presence of the logos. I've come into the presence of the son of man. It is the revealing of the son of man. No longer earthbound. We're crossing over. The pool is here. The third pull revealing Christ to [Music] united. Lost are [Music] saved find their [Music] way at the sound of your great name. [Music] came at the sound of your great name. Oh, every Oh, it has no place at the sound of your great name. The enemy. He has to leave. at the sound of your great name. Oh Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was saved for us. Your son of God. Oh, you are high and lifted up. and all the world will praise your great name. All the weak find their strength. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh hungry souls they receive. Hallelujah. Why don't you open up your heart and receive the grace? Receive the healing of your great name. Oh the fatherless. [Music] I'm very Oh, you at the sound of your great name. Oh, and the sing. Hallelujah. Oh, and the dead are at the [Music] sound of your great name. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Your son and God and made. You are high and lifted up. Oh, and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Prophet of God said in uniting time and sign. He said God is uniting his bride. She is coming together from the east and the west and the north and the south. There's a uniting time and that's on right now. What is she uniting for? the rapture. Amen. God's getting her ready. Yes, sir. Uniting. What is she uniting with? With the word. For all heavens and earth will pass away. But my word shall never pass away. She's uniting herself with thus saith the Lord. Regardless of what any denomination or anybody else says, she's uniting herself. She's getting ready. Why? She is the bride. Amen. You are the bride. You are the bride. You are the bride. Tell yourself, "I am the bride. I am the bride." That's right. And she's uniting herself with her bridegroom. See, and the bridegroom is the word. Can you see it? Hallelujah. You're united right now. The church world's looking for a coming in the sky. They're looking for Revelations 17. I believe it is coming in the clouds and every eye seeing in everyone beholding them. But no, I believe it's Revelation 17 or 16. He says, "I come as a thief. [Music] It's not a public show. [Music] And we heard the message. The Elijah ministry declaring he's here. Go ye out to meet him. Walk away from your problems. Come out of your denominations. Come out of her, my people. Don't be a partaker of your plagues. He's here. Amen. Well, take take your problems to him. I know you're hurting. I know you're aching. I know you got questions. You don't need a man. You need him. And a vindicated prophet said, "My message is to declare that he's here, here to go to you wherever you're at right now if you want him to." As we sing the song again, I wonder if you say, "Lord, maybe I'm a little like Moses." That's okay. At least Moses believed the right thing. But he he needed he needed a greater experience. He needed a burning bush experience. And maybe you find yourself not able to manifest the word in certain out uh parts of your life. Maybe you just say, "Lord, would you anoint my faith?" See, Moses was chosen, but the prophet said he had to come to a place where his faith was anointed. Then he could act out on his commission. Maybe somebody here says, "God, I want you to come and anoint my faith. Then I can act out on my commission." She's uniting herself with the bridegroom. See, the bridegroom is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And the church and the bride and the word is becoming so one until the very word itself is working out the works of the bridegroom. friends. While others are trying to tear the church apart, while spirits and men are trying to cause division amongst the message, why while there's there's spirits trying to say uh this and that and and and make all kind of divisions, we have a message. There's a pool. The third pull of the word dear declaring Christ and it's actually uniting us together. Amen. We're not uniting around the words of a man. We're uniting around thus saith the Lord. [Music] Until every word itself is working out the works of the bridegroom and lost are saved. If you feel you'd like prayer, we're happy to pray with you. Find their way at the sound of your great name. Walking feel no shame at the [Music] sound of your name. Every fear, every fear has no place at the sound of your great name. the enemy. He has to leave at the sound of your great name. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us and son of God and made. Oh, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. And when all we find their strength and at the sound of your great name, oh hungry souls, they receive great at the [Music] of your great king. Oh the father. Oh family. Oh, at the [Music] sound of your great name. Oh, the [Music] [Music] sed Jesus. Oh, and worthy is the lamb of sla for us. Oh, and son of God and for you are high and lifted up. All the world will praise your great name. [Music] All the weak will find the strength and at the sound of your If you need prayer this morning, just come. You'll be prayed for. Hallelujah. Holy gra. Oh, and I sound. Oh, and of your great name. Oh, and I'm far. Oh, and a finer rest. Oh, and the whole of your great name. Wherever [Music] he Oh, and as the sound Oh, your great [Applause] name Jesus. Oh, and worthy is [Music] un for us. Oh, and son of God and men. For you are high and lifted up. All the world will praise your great name. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, and I just want to speak. Just worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Every dark addiction starts to break. Oh, and declaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I speak Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, and your name is power. Your name is Oh, and your name [Music] is Oh, and when every stronghold, [Music] oh, burns like a fire. Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety to every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. Your name is mine. You believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Let's just lift our voice, worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, and break him strong. through the shadow. Oh, and burn like a [Music] fire. Oh, and shout Jesus. Just lift up his name this morning. Oh, and Jesus in the darkness. Just lift up his name this morning. Oh Jesus for my faith. Oh I speak the holy name. Oh [Music] Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. Oh, and your name is Hallelujah. Your name is Oh, and your name [Music] is Oh, and where is Oh, I to the side over my heart. Let's just sing it one more time. Shout Jesus this morning. Let's just lift up his holy name. Oh, and shout Jesus on the mountain. Oh Jesus free. Oh Jesus in the mountain over me. Oh Jesus for my faith. Oh I speak the holy name. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh shout Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh and Jesus. Oh every me. You and Jesus for the family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. Oh and your name is power. Your name is king. Oh, your name is [Music] break every [Music] stronghold. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] position of the seven of the made a difference in their lives. [Music] They say this mountain can move. Oh, they say this name will never break. [Music] Oh, and by all know you. Just think about that this morning. There's power in your name. Oh, and so much power in your name. Oh, and with the unmovable, break the unbreakable car. God will believe. Oh, and from the impossible, oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe for [Music] real. We know that hope is made for long for there's still an empty tomb. Hallelujah. God, we believe no matter what. Oh, there is power in your name. Oh, and so much power in your name. Oh thee above [Music] all great. Oh and God we believe. Oh and God we for the impossible. Oh and we'll see a miracle. We believe. Hallelujah. I believe for me. Oh, you say I believe. Hallelujah. You say, "Oh, and it is done." Oh, you said you said it. I believe. I believe it all. You said it is [Music] now to the end of [Music] our God. We believe. [Music] Oh, and from the impossible. Oh, we'll see a miracle. Oh, and God for me. Oh, you say, oh, and are you a believer this morning? Hallelujah. say, "Oh, and it is time." Oh, you say, "Oh, I believe." Oh, and you say, "Oh, and it is now." Your hand move. Oh God, we believe. God, we believe. Oh, and from the impossible, [Music] God re God [Music] for Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Holy word. Long [Music] preserve for our walk in this room sound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God in part. Oh, and words of life, words of hope. Give us hallelujah. Oh, and in this world where we roll home, the word of God will guide us. Oh, and the word of God changing and changing. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Oh, our holy word of our faith. Oh, hand. [Music] Oh, and we through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words are. Oh, and a holy word of our for our in this world. Oh, and we resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God. Oh, and the word of God through changing and changing. Oh, we have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God in. Oh, the word of God has been available. The seven se. Hallelujah. Oh, and it's not the word. Oh, and it was alone. Oh, and our Christ is here to take us home. Oh, and a word on God, [Music] changing and changing. Oh, we have glory. Oh, let the word of God. Oh, let the word of God ever true. Changing. Oh, and changing. Oh, we have with open heart. Oh, the word of God. [Music] Amen. Oh, there is a soul. Same times of me that gives me peace. Thy brings me peace. Oh, and in every trial. Oh, and through every test my savior stands in mighty defend. Oh, and when the road to walk leave you tiding warm and your strength is gone and your heart feels sore. Oh, and remember God is greater than a stone. Take verage for the battle is the Lord. Oh, and when the waters rise. Oh, and he cross. Oh, and he [Music] hallelujah. Oh, and he hold my hand. Oh, and less I should fer. Oh, and it makes me sick. Oh, and out on the water. Oh, and when the road you walk, oh, and go. Oh, how [Music] wonder. And your heart filled soul. Oh remember God is greater than a [Music] soul. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Oh and when the waters rise. Oh he calls. Oh, and any may come. Oh, and I long to sing about it this morning. My hand. Oh, and le I should falter. Oh, and it makes me stand. Oh, and out on the water. Oh, and when the road you are. Oh, and if you're tired and warm. Oh, and your strength is gone. And your heart feels strong. Oh, and remember God. Oh, is greater than a soul. Take her and the [Music] battle. Set your wings in the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher [Music] place. Do not struggle. [Music] It's by [Music] grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh to ro you may take. Oh one last time one. Oh, and I take the word of God. Oh, and oh, I to see what you believe. Always watch with me. Oh, I set your wings of rain. No one can [Applause] find the high. Oh, I struggle with my praise. Oh sex. Oh to the wings of me. Oh and watch your name and watch your cry. Watch your mountain. Oh and oh and speak the word of God. by and by. Oh, you will move. Oh, you will fly. Oh, s to the wings of faith. Oh, and you can find in a higher place. Oh, and do not struggle by. Oh, san to the wind of faith. Oh, and watching in the sky. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and for the power that makes him all is already here. in the sky. Oh s to the wind of faith. Oh you can oh we know how you do not struggle. It's by gra to the wings of him. Watch the eagle. Watch the go. Hallelujah. In the sky. Oh, it has not. Oh, and for the power. Oh, and I makes him right. Oh, he's already [Music] in the sky. Oh, St. J. [Music] Oh, and you can find in the high you and our struggle. It's by grace. Oh, to the wings of faith. Oh, and amazing grace are sweet. Oh, and a savior like me. Oh, and I was lost but now. Oh, and was lost but now. Oh, and was grace was grace that my heart to feel. Oh, and praise my king. Oh, great. Oh, and I praise our praise. Oh, and the hour of birth. Oh, let my chains are gone. Oh, and I be set free. Oh my god, my savior. Oh, and a sacrifice. Oh, and his mercy break. Oh, and unlone. [Music] Oh, and I'll be set free. Oh my god, my savior ransome me. Oh, and a like a fly. Oh, and his mercy pray. Oh, an uning. Oh, made him great. Oh, where the Lord has promised good. Oh, that is good. My go. Oh, I will my she and me. Oh, and as small as life, I Oh, and my chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. Oh, my God, my savior is on me. Oh, what a life of flow. His mercy rings. Amazing love. Oh, amazing. Amen. We'll just say a prayer of dismissal, but I I do want to make the invitation for those that have not been baptized in proper water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you want the Holy Ghost, you're believing for the Holy Ghost, and you've repented of your sins, we have a commission to go into all the world and preach the gospel and to baptize those in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And for some of you who you repented and you want to turn your life to God, I invite you to the water. If you'll just see Brother Billy or one of the deacons and you want to come to the water, I say you've made the right choice. There's no greater joy. That's right. Than to know the Lord. Amen. Why don't we I just ask brother Billy to close out the service. And just wanted to make that invitation. And if there's somebody here that wants to be obedient to the call, we invite [Music] you. Our gracious father, we so thankful for your presence this morning, Lord. Father, truly we can say like the disciples on the way to Emmas, Father, wasn't it good as you spoke to us along the way? Didn't our heart burn within us, oh God? And Father, to see the end times and the things that are upon us, oh God, and the real seed of God is hungering for more of you and the reality of the living God. Father, we want to focus all our energy, everything that we are, Lord. And Father, our hearts is calling out and we know we at the last mile. We at the last closing hour, Lord. And I pray within my heart, Lord. and draw us to you like we heard this morning, Father, that these promises that are coming to pass every day, let us draw us ourselves, Lord, that it may draw us even more closer than ever before, Father, that we find ourselves more of the desire of you in our hearts than there is for the things of the world. Father, that we may walk in the promises that you've laid all across our path, Lord. That we may grab hold of eternal life and live by it, oh God. And Father, if we find ourselves slacking somewhere, I pray this morning, Lord, and bring us back into the fold, Lord. And Father, for those that have been prayed for, Father, may you just continue to grow that contact inside of them, Lord, and that they may come to the reality of the living God and to know that we can not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes out of your mouth. Father, I don't want any of us to go out of here condemned, but I pray with all my heart, Lord. May you reach out and touch each and every heart that to know that you are here present making your word manifested every day Lord. Father we may be blind and we may not be able to see. I pray father that you give us eyesight that we may come to the realization that you are bringing your word to come to pass exactly like you promised it. I pray that you just bless our brother Matthew Lord this morning. And father may you strengthen him for all that is poured out, oh Lord. And father that you may increase his revelation for your people's sake. And Lord, we we come here to hear your word. And and I pray that that word may have an effect upon us this morning. And we may go out of here saying that we are better people than the way we came in. I pray you protect us on the road and you bring us Seth back again for this evening service. Lord, that our hearts may hunger and thirst after you all the days of our lives. With without the hunger, Lord, we are no different than the guy walking down the street, Lord. It's the hunger that draws us close to you, Lord. May you multiply the hunger this morning, that we may go out of here hungering to hear, Lord, that the reality of the word may become our reality. We love you, Lord, and just commit everyone into your hands, those that have been prayed for and those that lifted up their hands and all those that manifested the need to you. Father, I believe with all my heart that you heard them. We're committed to you and we love you and ask those things in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We're dismissed. Oh, give me seat. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, and all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, and I'm paid my decision. And I'm going on the way. Oh, and I made my choice. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I made my decision. And I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, and oh, turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, and oh turning back, I'm going all the way. Oh, and oh turning back, I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, and I've drawn the [Music] line. Oh, and no turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm drawn the line. [Music] Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. All the way. Oh, and all the [Music] way. Oh, and all the way. Oh, and all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. And I'm made by decision. And I'm going. Oh, and I made my choice. Oh, and I'm made my decision. And I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, and don't turn me back. Oh, I know turning [Music] back. Oh, and no turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord with and I'll draw your [Music] life. Oh, and no turning back. Oh, and I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. Oh, and I'm going all the way with the Lord. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music]
