################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - [2025-08-10am] The End-Time Believer's Manifestation  Br. Billy Mbuyi - Billy Mbuyi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   [2025-08-10am] The End-Time Believer's Manifestation | Br. Billy Mbuyi
Speaker: Billy Mbuyi
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzjU8UpMIXM
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] And let's sing this song. [Music] Oh, and then all I want to do and I Glory. How we long to shall you we sing today and let me how we long to worship. Oh, [Music] I long to run you. Lord, we come and Lord we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the sinuation, we will lift up holy hands and holy I we come to her shed through. Oh, where am I? And oh, I belong to the world. And I know we [Music] long to share we sing today and oh and all we long to worship [Music] Ask brother Troy to come up to our service in a word of prayer. [Music] Let's just open the service of prayer this morning. Father God, we're just thankful, Lord, for this opportunity, Lord, to come and worship you in spirit and in truth. Lord, we just welcome you here. We thank you, God, for all that you have brought us through up to this point and will take us through tomorrow and and then to eternity. Just pray that you would be blessed in the service, Lord, that as your servant breaks the bread of life to us by your spirit, that we would receive it, Lord, that we would heed it. That Lord, we would cherish every word that we hear. We just praise you and thank you for everything you all do for us in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Our Bibles to our psalm reading. We're going to read in Psalm 25. I'll read the first and read the second and we'll continue. We'll join together in the last. reads, "Unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. ashamed. Let them be ashamed which transgress without cause. &gt;&gt; Lead me in thy truth and teach me for thou art the God of my salvation. On thee do I wait all the day. &gt;&gt; Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions according to thy mercy. Remember thou me for thy goodness sake, O Lord. &gt;&gt; The meek will he guide in judgment, and the meek will he teach his way. &gt;&gt; For thy name's sake, oh Lord, pardon mine iniquity, for it is great. His soul shall dwell at ease, and his seed shall inherit the earth. &gt;&gt; Mine eyes are ever toward the Lord, for he shall pluck my feet out of the net. &gt;&gt; The troubles of my heart are enlarged. Oh, bring thou me out of my distress. &gt;&gt; Consider mine enemies, for they are many, and they hate me with cruel hatred. &gt;&gt; Let integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait on thee. Redeem Israel, oh God, out of all his troubles. Amen. You may turn around and welcome somebody here. You may be seated. Let's sing Power in the Blood. And would you be free from your burdens of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. And would you a victory way? Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Hallelujah. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wondering power in the precious blood of the lamb. Dwell at word from your passion and pro. Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. and for our to glory stop. Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Hallelujah. There's power, power, wonderful working out in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, a wonder working power in the pre of the lamb. Oh blood, much wider than snow. There is power in the blood. In the blood. And since our law, it is lifegiving flow. Well, there wonderful power in the blood. Hallelujah. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb of man. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Tell that word you deserve for Jesus. Oh, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood and death is praises to sing. Father, wonderful power in the blood. Hallelujah. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working in the preious blood of the lamb. Let's sing. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus Oh, I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I'm so glad. I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me." Oh, and I'm so glad that my Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. I'm singing glory hallelujah. Jesus sent me. Satan had me. Satan had me back. Oh, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me back. Thank God Jesus set me free. Oh, and Satan rebound. My Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. When I'm on my way to heaven. Yes, I'm shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Oh, and I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Oh, that Jesus lifted me. Well, and I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Oh, and I'm so glad that Jesus lifted. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus lived through sad. God Jesus set me free. Where set? Thank God Jesus set me free. Well, set Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to hell. Yes, I'm shouting victory when I'm on my way. I'm shouting victory. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where there come no. Oh, I don't know there [Music] where the L is a land. There's a country. There's a country far beyond the story time. Oh, there's a city where there comes a night. Oh, perfect. I'll go there by Hallelujah. Oh, that city where the Lord is alive. In that city, in that city where the Lord is alive. Oh, in that city where the no [Music] where the land is alive. We had we have our days of sunshine. Oh, let the sun shine upon us now so bright. Oh, and we choose to climb and rain until we come home to that city where the lamb is alive. In that city, in that city where the land is alive. Oh, in that city where they come and know. Oh, I must there. The flowers. The flowers forever and the day. shall be long eternal day without a night. Oh, shout for everyone. Thank you, Lord. In that city where the land is alive, in that city, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, the city where they come and go. Oh, I can turn over there and what I am when the lamb is now. Oh, and here we have our disappointment all the while. Oh, and our humbly with fly. Oh, and though by night we wish the Lord brings us. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light and that city and that city where the lamb is the city and that city where there come no. Oh sh [Music] is the end then sunlight then the sunlight and let his blue oh shadow can my blissful soul. Oh, for I know that up in heaven there is room. Oh, in that city where the lamb there's a lamb. In that city, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, is that city where they come to know? Oh, I know there are the lamb is the Oh, then sunlight. Then that sunlight is Oh, and not a shadow came up. For I know that I've been here to them. Well, in that city where the lamb is alive. Well, in that city, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where they make no over there. Well, I am where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city. In that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the no. Oh, I will catch over there and what I adore where the lamb is alive. Just for voices. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming. Oh, I have a mansion over there and we're free from to Well, I am going the Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Lily of the He's the lily of the valley. I have found a friend in Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's a fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Oh, he's a pill of the valley and heaven alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make thee. valley. In sorrow, he's my comfort. In troubles, he's my step. Oh, he tells me and there on his ro. Hallelujah. He's the lady of the valley. The bride and his son. He's a fair 10,000 to my soul. He all my grief and he all my grief has taken. and all my sorrows for in temptation. He's my strong and mighty. Oh, I have all forsaken and all my heart has told them keeps me power. Oh, I know all the world forsake me and Satan t Jesus I save that go. Hallelujah. He's the lady of the valley the bright morning song. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never he won't never leave me. glory that will save me. How I live by faith and his blessing. Oh, I want a fire about me. I cut me out with his blood. My hungry soul shing out to glory to see his blessing face where rivers are the light shall ever hold. Not a He's a diving star. He's a fair star and to my soul. He will never ever and he will never never leave me for me. But I live my faith and do his blessing with me. Oh fire. My blood got to me with his man I keep my hungry so soft. Oh that stra glory to see his blessings where rivers are shall ever hold. Hallelujah. He's the lady of the bride. is a fair. Hallelujah. God is good. Hallelujah. We have a couple of announcements here. Brother JJ writes, JJ employes, would like to thank the Lord for adding one more year to his life. He is six years old today. God bless you, brother JJ. [Applause] Sister Alana writes, "Please pray for healing in the body." We want to remember that and bring that to him. If you We want to remember our pastor as well who's traveling and preaching that the Lord give him strength with Sister Leslie. Bring him back safely to us. If you came into the house of the Lord with a need on your heart, please make it known to him by the uplifting of your hands. and trust that he truly will never never leave you nor forsake you here, but he'll always be there and answer when you call. We'll ask brother Tim Syler to come and pray for these needs and then make his announcement. We'll ask the brothers that are taking the tithes and offerings to please come up. Oh, he's not here again. Uh well, I would say the reminder. He says, uh a reminder that Sunday school signup sheets are located in the library. Please sign up your child if you have not done so. Classes will begin September 7th. Again, classes will begin September 7th. The Sunday school signup she is located in the library. Please remember to sign up your your children. We'll ask brother Josh to come and take these needs. Let's bow our heads. Father God, as we come to you this morning, Lord, Lord, we pray that you just see these needs, Lord, that the body is just in great need this morning, Lord. Lord, there are those out with sickness, Lord. We pray you just sweep over them, Lord, and give that healing touch, Lord. And those who truly just have a need on their heart, Lord, we know that you see the needs of our hearts, Lord. Lord, we pray that you just speak to their hearts, Lord. See their needs, Lord. And Lord, even for this song service, Lord, we pray you just bless it, Lord God. Lord God, we've just come to your house to worship you, Lord. Lord, we've come to just hear your word, Lord. Lord, I pray that even the preaching that we delivered this morning, Lord, let us just have a need on the heart, Lord. Lord, speak to our hearts, Lord, that whatever season we're in, Lord, we believe you can talk to us then, Lord. Oh Lord God, I truly pray these things in the might name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's sing. What a day that will be as the choir gets ready to come with their special. And there is come day when no heartaches shall cry. Oh, no more clouds in the sky. No more tears in the eyes. Oh, and all is forever more. on that happy behold and true. Oh, what a day. Glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day. Oh, and what a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. Oh, when I look upon his face, though I could save me by his grace. Oh, when he takes me by the way and lead me through the promised land. Oh, what a day. And through his day there will be as the youth choir comes [Music] and there be no sorrow there and no more burdens to bear. Well, no more sickness. Oh, no pain will no more over there. Oh, and forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day. A glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day. And what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall sing. Oh, when I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace, when he takes me by the way. Oh, and lead me through the promised land. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be [Music] There's nothing [Music] that will ever come close. [Music] You're our living. [Music] Your presence [Music] and the sweetest of love. When my heart becomes free and my shame is un [Music] your presence, [Music] you are welcome. [Music] this place and fill the sphere. Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence, Lord. Your presence, Lord. There's nothing worth much I will ever compare. house. Nothing can compare. You're our living hope. Your presence, Lord. [Music] I've tasted and seen of the sweetest of love. When my heartbeat comes free and my shame is undone, [Music] your presence, Lord, [Music] Holy Spirit, you are welcome. [Music] I'll flood this place until the atmosphere. [Music] Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, love. Holy Spirit, you are welcome. You comfort this place and fill the sphere. Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, Lord. [Music] your presence. [Music] Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. [Music] Holy Spirit, you are welcome here. Come flood this place and fill the atmosphere. Your glory, God is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence. Lord, Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Comfort this place and fill the atmosphere. [Music] Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence, Lord. Your presence, [Music] your presence. Hallelujah. That's why we come to his house cuz we know his presence is here. Let's stand as we turn our hearts to the service. Let's sing. I know that I can make it. Believe it's in G. And you don't have to worry. Oh, and don't you be afraid. Oh, and joy comes in the morning and troules. Don't pass always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, well, just lift your hands and say. Oh, I know that I can make it and I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, oh my life is in your hand. Oh, with Jesus I can take it and with him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. Oh my life is in your way. So when you're testing trials, oh and so when you're testing, we invite brother Billy at this time. They seem to get you down. Oh, and all your friends and love ones. Oh, they are found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. Oh, and lift your heart is broken. Oh, and just lift your hands and shake. Oh, I know that I can make it and I know that I can stand. You matter what may come my way. My life is [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, and with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, with me I know I can stay. Oh, no matter what may come my way. Oh, and my life. &gt;&gt; Just sing that verse again. I know that I can make it. Oh, and I know that I can make it. Oh, and I know that I can stand. Oh, and no matter what may come my way. Oh, and my life is in your hand. Oh, and with Jesus I can stand. &gt;&gt; Oh, and with my I can stand. [Music] No matter what may come my way. Oh, and my life is [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you glad your life is in his hand? Let's just bow our heads this morning. Gracious father, Lord, if you really left it up to us, we were going to make a mess of it, Lord. And Father, and we can even recognize within ourselves that we did make a mess of it. But Lord Jesus, we're so thankful for the gift of life, Lord, and that you came and you gave your only begotten son. Father, you moved us from the covenant that you made to Abraham, to Adam, and you moved us into a new covenant, Lord, where he had nothing to do with what we can do, Lord, where he had to do everything with what you had to offer, Lord Jesus. Father, we accepted that you said that it's not what you do, it's what I have already done. And Lord, we can say one thing this morning, but we are only standing here because of what you already done. Lord, we are here. We there is no goodness in within our own self. Father, the scripture says that if there's anything good about us in us, it comes from the Lord God our father. This morning, we summon upon that same God who so rightfully decided and and made it upon his own account to die for us. Lord, may you come and visit with us this morning. Father, I believe that you didn't give your life so we can just come and sing songs and go home. But I believe with all my heart this morning that you had a purpose for giving your life Lord and Father as those that you have died for. We are here Lord so we can learn of you Lord so we may know get instructions from you Lord and be comforted by you be directed by you strengthened by your word Lord to know that Father if we live by your word we shall live eternally. Come and minister to the people this morning. Father, we remember our pastor and sister Leslie this morning. Father, just traveling so many places and just preaching the gospel. Lord, I pray that you just strengthen them, oh God. And Father, I know it was his heart desire to go and just and and and and fellowship with others and just be able to share the word of God. Father, I pray that you make that happen that the word that will be spoken there, it may be a blessing for the people that receive it. Father, we ask that you also that same mercy may be extended to us this morning. Father, that we may speak only what you have to say, Lord. Not our own mind, not our own thinking, but what you are already given to us. Lord, bless the people as we commit what we are to your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray and ask the things. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Welcome all our visitors and and everyone in the house of God. I trust you're happy to be gather in his presence. Amen. You may be seated just for a moment and and then after that we'll stand up for our scripture reading. Um I know I read this this is from uh brother Tim. We read it last Sunday but we're going to read it again for those uh that that are not here uh that that were not here last Sunday. And this is about the Sunday school program. So as you heard the Sunday school program will start September 7. Registration forms are in the library. F please fill them up and return them in the appropriate tray. Uh due to the growth of our Sunday school and limited space, we have had to make changes to the starting age. Amen. The children must have uh must be must turn four by May 1st of this year. So if it's May 2nd, that's a different story. So if you turn four uh after May 1st uh they may have to wait to start Sunday school next year. Also children uh will remain in the original assigned class throughout the year. For example, if a child uh uh is in the six to sevenyear-old class, but it turns eight uh before the end of the session, they will stay in the six to seven year old class and move up next year. So, anyone uh also anyone interested in being a classroom helper, uh please make sure to see Sister Melinda and Brother Tim. Amen. We certainly appreciate the work that they do. Amen. Amen. This morning, we're so happy to be in the house of God. I know um uh we have uh others that are traveling. I know Brother Mike, Sister Liz, and the others. I know even brother Matthew, if I'm not mistaken, they went to a camp in Ohio. Uh we certainly want to remember them this morning. Pray that the Lord will be with them. Like I said, our pastor, we want to pray for him that uh the Lord will continue to strengthen him and sister Leslie and bring them back safe home. I believe they're in Zimbabwe right now, but they're going uh different places to minister. Amen. Want to continue to remember sister Christina and Vifas and the family. I know they uh they they had lost uh sister Christine lost her dad and we pray that the Lord will comfort continue to comfort them and uh yesterday we stopped by there and there were some people that also stopped by there to comfort them and certainly appreciate that and we believe that the word will certainly uh be their portion. Don't forget about the uh annual youth meeting. There's a lot of buzzing sound up here. I just said it. Um the the it's this coming it's coming up soon. So it's in August 29th, 30 and 31st. So it's basically the Labor Day weekend. So if you haven't signed up yet for all of our youth and for your friends and anyone who wants to uh be part of it as part of the youth, uh please make sure you sign up as soon as possible before the all the places are taken. Um there's only a certain limited number. So, please make sure if you haven't signed up uh to sign up as as soon as possible. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand up. We're going to read the word of God this morning. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you excited about the word of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. Yeah. You know, when the prophet said, "This is the most exciting age to live in." Amen. I I wonder if we see it that way. &gt;&gt; Amen. We um I I I I'll tell you there's nothing that really gets a believer excited like the word of God. You know, when we read and we see the the the things that is promised come to pass, but says he has to create and anoint that faith inside of you. And and I trust that's what he does. When you read your Bible, you read the message, when you see those things that he promised come to pass, something in your heart is rejoicing on that. Let's open our Bibles in Philippians chapter 2. Um, very familiar scripture reading. We'll start from verse uh the fifth verse. It says, "Let this mind be in you which was also in in in Christ Jesus, whom being in the form of God, taught it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also has highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow of things in heaven and things in earth and things under the earth and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Father, we ask that you bless your word to us. We committed to you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. So this morning we uh we want to just for a few moments uh uh just speak to you and on the word of God. I know uh we just when we were listening to the message uh um uh the why Christ speak there's just been a theme in my heart uh perhaps just a larger theme rather than uh focusing on the title um and perhaps we'll try to go a different direction this morning and and that is we we called it out is to be the understanding that we are elected that we are called and we are commissioned and and and and to me that's the product um that's what that's the ingredient of a finished product. It's we are elected called and commission. In other word, God didn't leave any space for error. He didn't even leave any space for doubt for you to wonder. He he he laid it out so when a believers understand the fullness of what God is doing, they can come to a place where they can actually get into action. Because if you if you if you wonder if you are elected, then you don't know if you can your calling is sure. And if you wonder if you are called, then you won't be able to know if you are commissioned or not. But God in the end time he's presented the message of the hour in such a way that the believer will know that we are facing the finished product. We we are not in front of God has not left us to wonder and figure out the Bible for our own self. No in fact we're living in the day where theam says that we have received the fullness of the revelation of the word of God. So there is uh even I will say even up to the very revealing of the son of uh predition and the very works of him that what the devil does and and his pattern throughout the Bible how he started and his desire to continually deceive the church just like he did in Eden. So we we are a people and I like that statement that brother Matthew read about we are a people with an objective and we have a goal we have a direction that we are moving in and we we are not to wonder are we supposed to do this and are we supposed to go in this direction no and and God don't want us to stand still he want us to continually march towards the things which we have been given and we are people with the desire And I believe it's every believer's desire to be successful in his life of a Christian. I believe it's our desire that we as we because we have an objective to continually march in the direction of the objective. And I want to say this, the only way for us to become successful is to keep focus. You got to keep focused in the word of God that's been given to you. And I want to say this, the word of God is not given for us to beat ourselves with. And and when we see the lacking, I want to say this, these things are spoken and given to us so we can know that we can walk into them this morning. &gt;&gt; We we we can walk into them when when the prophet will come and it will speak about who we are and what we are called to be. Like I said, elected, called, and and commissioned. When we see we are lacking in any of these aspects, it's not for us to go and say, well, that means God didn't call me or God didn't elect me. No, God wants us to take the word of God and march forward and go forward knowing that these things are spoken of us and these things are spoken for God to bring us into the fullness of what he's trying to do. So we need focus along the way and we need to invest everything that we have into the word of God in order for us to re to reap the result of it. If if we are halfway we will only remain halfway Christian we will never obtain to the fullness. In other word for us to obtain the fullness of what's spoken to us. We have to invest everything that we are all that we are into the word of God so we will see it work. The scripture says it's either by faith or by no faith. You cannot come God is not a God that expect us to come halfway and and try to probe is this going to work. If you come with that kind of attitude it will never work because there's doubt in your heart. But if you are sold out, lock, stock, and barrel and you jump right into it, it's going to work for you. Why? Because you have no other plan. You have no other place to go. You have invested all that you know into the word of God, and it's bound to produce what God said it will produce. So we we want to come to receive the fullness of our inheritance that was laid out for us and and and the things which we have heard spoken of and how that God in the end time he will take the fullness of what he was and pour into his church. We are here in the end time and we want to experience those things. So we want we don't want to be left out somewhere or leave anything out. We want to experience all that's left in store for us to partake of. &gt;&gt; So this morning wi with that in mind I just want for a few minute uh uh uh speak of the end time believers manifestation. The end time believers manifestation. But when I will say in the message um identification it says it's it's it's almost uh it says it's almost impossible to do anything without proper identification. And and it says anything you do the the day that we are living in the identification is more important than any other age. You you you could take it in the natural if you want to go to the bank to withdraw some money. You you need to identify who you are. You need to present your ID and your bank card in order for you to do that. And you need to know your passcode and you need to if you're flying, you need to have a ticket on hand and you need to have your your your your ID. They need to identify who you are in order for them to let you do that. So we the the information that's taken of you is matched to something that they know already existed in order for them to let you pass. &gt;&gt; So in other words, if you would show up at TSA and then and show up some form of identification that is not recognized, you won't pass. &gt;&gt; Or if the ticket doesn't have your name on it, if it got somebody else's name on it, they won't let you pass. If what's on your ID doesn't match what's on the ticket, they won't let you pass. I because why? It's the age where they want to make sure, and I'm speaking naturally, they want to make sure that they know everybody who went on the plane. They want to know everything about everybody who was a pilot, who works at the airport, and everything. Those you have to be properly identified in order for them to let you go. Because anything that's not properly identified, it it's considered inalien. It's not in the system and you don't know what to do with it and you don't want to let it go because you don't know what the result is going to be. That's why we have what we call UFO. What is it? It's an object that they they have looked at it. They can look at the shape. They can look at everything. But when they've gather up all the information about it, it didn't match what we already know. So therefore, they call it an identified flying object. They've looked at it. They they could see it for what it is, but it doesn't match anything that they know of. And let me say this to you, my brother, my sister. We as believers, we have to be identified by what's already known. &gt;&gt; We we cannot God doesn't have a new gospel. God doesn't have a new year, a a new new year church, a new year gospel, a new year believer. No, God has believers and believers has been identified since the the beginning of time. And every believer has the same exact identification and that is through the word of God. &gt;&gt; So we have to to to look at ourselves and and and ask ourself, am I matching what a believer should be like? Am I living like a believer should live like? Am I walking like a believer should walk like? Is my life identified with the scripture? Is my life identified with the word of God? Now remember because the prophet said this. He said that we have to identify with every character in the Bible because it was given to you for your identification. And let me say this, it wasn't given to you so you can look at it and say, "Wo, it's me." No, it's so you can look. But when says it's like the boy in a mirror when he began to move his hand and he saw the hand move when he began to take a step and looked at it, he recognized that it was talking about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So as believers, we can look at the word of God this morning and hear me out. We can look at the word of God and look at David and see the same heart desire. We can look at Abraham and see the same faith being manifested. We can look at those that are written to here not as a stranger, not matching by name, but matching by their character, but the desire that they had displayed for the Lord Jesus Christ. We can see those that like the woman with the blood issue who said, "Oh, if I could just touch his garment." My brother and my sister, she had no references in the Bible that if she did that, God will do it to him. But the great faith that was manifested caused God to move. So you can come this morning and know that I have a reference in the Bible. There was one whose heart's desire was to be healed and she touched God and God healed her. We can look at the blood the woman that the the Lord Jesus said and they said that you can't eat food that's allocated for children. He said she looked at him and they said, "Oh, even the dog that eats the crumbs that fall off the table." And the messenger looked at him and it says I have not find that kind of faith. And we can be a people in the end time. And let me say this, we live in the time of the accumulation of all the faith that has been since the beginning of time. We live in the time where we can accumulate the faith that was in Abraham, the faith that was in David, the faith that was in all the believers. God has taken it at the revealing of the end time as made it available to the believers at the end time and we can partake of that same faith. &gt;&gt; So it's not an identification of accusing yourself but rather identifying the same heartbeat &gt;&gt; the same desire to serve God. by giving all that they have given like the disciple will look at him and say we have given everything and followed you and one that could say oh I was a sinner God saved me they can look at the heart desire and see those that had left everything and they followed the Lord Jesus Christ and they knew that he had the words of eternal life &gt;&gt; we we we are not called to to come and and and and somehow now uh uh approach the word of God by intellect &gt;&gt; because if we're not careful, we start establishing some intellectual pattern in order for us to be pleasing to God. So we come and say, "Well, they did this and they did that." And intellectually we try to match the action without the heart's desire. &gt;&gt; Intellectually, we try to match the action. I I'm so amazed, you know, that here they are. Uh Cain and Abel, they had the same heard the same exact instruction, &gt;&gt; given the same word by the same God. But yet when he went, the result of it was different. &gt;&gt; The same exact words spoken, but it produced a different result. My brother, my sister, when Abel went, there was something in his heart after he heard the word of God and said, "How can I fulfill this? How can I better worship you?" And there was a hunger within his heart. And God revealed to him according to his hunger. What is it that was needed? &gt;&gt; But what I'm saying, it was by revelation. It was not by intellect. But came he did the most intellectual thing that was that he went and he produced and says his attitude was well it's this if you want you take it or you live it. &gt;&gt; And and I want you to notice what the intellectual approach will do to you versus approach by faith. intellectual approach is only desiring to fulfill what's in the book. Is wanting to go and and and check a box and say, "Well, I went to church and I paid my tithe and I did all that that word said and therefore I'm good." But brother, my sister, by revelation is the giving of everything. I It's to wonder, father, what more can I do? And uh father, I'm here. I I don't no only satisfy with just coming to church, but I want the revening of the word of God for my generation to be manifested in my life. &gt;&gt; The the intellectual approach I is only satisfied with some facade and and the intellectual approach cares about what man is going to think of me, what man is going to say of me. The intellectual approach, as long as it's got the covering, is satisfied. But the true approach cares nothing about what people think about you. &gt;&gt; It it doesn't care whether I roll on the ground and where I scream or whether I shout or whatever the you know the the true revelation only cares about the result. &gt;&gt; Father, I need you. It I don't care how you want to touch me, but I want to be touched this morning. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So the need for identification is greater than any other time. So we want uh h uh to come this morning and the scripture will say by their fruit you shall know them. So your true identification it's not what we say. &gt;&gt; It's not the title that we assign ourselves. is not how we claim to see things but the true identification is the manifestation of the life that we are living in. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's the it's directly connected to our action, our conversation, the the places we go, the things we do, the things we learn, we we people we hang out with, and how we interact on the daily basis. That's what manifests. That's what clearly projects what the identification is. So, and I the reason I'm and I'm speaking to myself this morning, I do not want to be deceived by the devil &gt;&gt; to know and and take security because I go to Christian life tabernacle. Therefore, I've made it. &gt;&gt; And or or because I I I'm standing here as the preacher, that means I made it. I I want to make sure that within my own life, I'm doing everything that the word requires for me to do. I want to make sure that within my own life, I'm living by the word of God daily. I'm seeing the manifestation of his life into my life. I am seeing him moving and acting and and his spirit moving upon what he's saying for us to do. I want to see my heart desire to be for the things of the Lord &gt;&gt; because if we if we content ourselves with just the description and the badge and and the name tag that's never going to produce the result. What we need is like I said last Sunday what we need what when Moses even though he was called and elected and commissioned for the job what he needed was to come in contact with the pillar of fire himself. So as believers, we need to understand that it will do us no good to come to just hear the promises of what's what's in us in the book or an inheritance. We need individually to come in contact with the same God of the promise. &gt;&gt; Let him make the promise a reality to you. And that's when it becomes an individual affair. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to see you in my life. I I want to see my heart's desire change. I want to see my actions change. I want to see this word becomes a reality. And let me say this, God loves that. &gt;&gt; He loves for people to come that way. He wants you to come to him and taste of him and know that is is real. &gt;&gt; He he don't he don't want us to be limited by some education, but he want us to partake of him and to know that he's good. So we we can say we live in a time where there's such a obsession for success &gt;&gt; and to be rich &gt;&gt; and people are so obsessed everywhere you know you you you watch social media you watch everywhere I was thinking about you you look at especially in the younger generation everybody wants to be rich &gt;&gt; everybody wants to have a lot of money Everybody wants to live in a bigger house and and and have all kinds of cars and everything and they are chasing that forgetting what their real identification is. They they watch a a Hollywood star, rich people and famous and and and and and social media people and and the flesh money and some of them don't even have anything but they give such a a a deceitful view &gt;&gt; and and in doing so they say well that I have money I I can multiply your money give me your money I'll multiply. Well if you have money why do you need money to multiply it? Oh. Oh, just send $5. If you have millions, why do you I I mean, it's like the Nigerian scam, right? You You've inherited $10 million, but we need you to send $50 with an envelope so we can verify your identity. And then you send $50, then they ask for another 50. And then you send another 50, then they ask for a hundred. Let let me say this. You will never be satisfied in your worldly identification. &gt;&gt; If that's what you are after, it's with no end. &gt;&gt; And and let me also say this. I have never seen anybody with a lot of money to say, "I don't need money anymore." &gt;&gt; I mean, some people their money should be taken away from them. It's just way too much. Who am I to say that? But they continually want more. They continually go. Why? Because it's not satisfying. Let me say my brother, my sister, the only thing that can satisfy a believer this morning is the word of God. Is the Lord Jesus Christ in your heart. Like we said it last Sunday, what happens? What happened to Moses? Moses met something that was more satisfying than all the greatness of Egypt. &gt;&gt; In order for you to be a real Christian, you have to meet something that's more satisfying than what the world will offer. &gt;&gt; Something that more satisfying than money, something more than works, something more than fame, something more than everything that the world. That's the only way to become a Christian. You're never going to achieve it by your own works. Therefore, I say this morning, let's seek for something more satisfying. &gt;&gt; Don't fake being a Christian. Ask for more satisfying things. things of the world and say it don't mean anything to me. &gt;&gt; You can take it all but give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Is that your heart desire this morning? You can take it all. I don't care. I told my wife one day, you know, I get this people a job and you know they keep changing my titles but they're not giving me more money. You are junior this, you are senior this, you are the most senior this. And then one day I just look at my daughter. I said, "I don't care if I get called a janitor. I just want you to pay me." &gt;&gt; You know, somewhere along the way, you're going to need to catch up. &gt;&gt; You're going to you're going to need to find out that this is just a charade. &gt;&gt; I need a reality. Somewhere along the way your eyes is got to open where you say I don't care what I am to this world. I don't care what the world considered me. I just need Jesus in my life because if I have him I have all things. He promised the righteous will not break bread. He promised you will take care of my bills. He promised you will feed me. Not only that, he promised you will take me into rapture. I went away from what I was going through. So you you find this people they they and and and I I I I'm so amazed how they are so motivated &gt;&gt; and they give everything that they have for the riches and and for the fame and for this things and you see their dedication to becoming those things and and we see the effort they put in and and I wonder how many times us as Christian we we have such a great thing that's more than money and all of those things, but how much effort do we put in? &gt;&gt; And and and let me not say this. I'm not saying it. Let me It's not for condemnation, but it's more for realization because and I'm not saying that you can become a Christian by your works. But I'm trying trying to see what we need is we need a dedication to the very things that we've been called to because you cannot be successful unless you are dedicated. &gt;&gt; You are dedicated to the Lord Jesus and and you come and you give all and and and you give everything that they are. So there they are looking for money and all those things. But I'm glad this morning there's a people that just long to be like Jesus. I want to walk like Jesus. I want to talk like Jesus. And I just want the promises for the word and and everything that is promised to come to pass in my life. I don't care about the reasons. I care about him &gt;&gt; taking the first place in my life. So those people they live a life and and emulating other people and oh I want to be the next Elon Musk and and and and and Beaso and Zuckerberg and and and and they look at him they idolize those people. They literally become idols to them. They they they they they follow their regimen. Uh what you know you you have this video they they said oh this is what Zuckerberg does every day and this is what uh the days in the day life in the days obeys or this is what it does and and they give themselves to that in hopes that they're going to multiply or replicate the success that those people do. &gt;&gt; But yet we are called to be sons and daughters of the living God. called to be the elected one. I want to say this, we said this, you cannot be successful as the world is successful. &gt;&gt; Your success lies in the word of God. Your success lies in obeying and following the principle that God has given us. &gt;&gt; So as Christians, we what we desire above all is to produce the word identification. We desire to follow after the Bible characters, the characters that we put in the Bible because we can look at them and see ourselves being projected in them. We can see our lives be projected in them. We can see the very reflection of our heart's desire. When David looks at and he comes to God and say, "Oh," he says, "If you kill me," he says, "shall the rock worship you? Shall the earth shall the trees worship you?" But if you live, if you let my lips live once more, I shall worship you, oh God. My brother, my sister, that's our heart's desire. &gt;&gt; It says, I will look upon him until I become even like him. &gt;&gt; What a dedication. &gt;&gt; What what a commitment to the cause of God. Why? Because in them, they found that they had something that was hungering for those things. in them they they could identify that there was such a hunger for God that they were willing to give up everything for that cause. &gt;&gt; The question is do we have the same hunger? Are we willing to commit the same way for the cause of Christ or are we just trying to fulfill a a a checkbox to say I'm a Christian and I go to Christian Life Tabernacle. I paid my tithe and I did all of this. No, it has to be like the boy looking in the mirror where we can see the reflection &gt;&gt; of the Lord Jesus Christ moving into your life, moving into my life where I can see and say, Lord, I hunger for that manifestation to come into my life. Soam says it's the end time. It's the end time that we living in. It's the representation or the culmination of what God has been working on since the beginning of time. God who created man in his image and Satan came and destroyed God's family and God has been working ever since for the restoration of his children. And God wants his family back. God wants to restore his people. God is here and God is here for the purpose of becoming one with man again. And my question to us is do we desire that kind of identification or do we desire a different kind of identification? I was reading I came across this and I thought it was uh if I could find it and it it just spoke to my own heart and this is uh spoken and it says this people and this is speaking mostly of the western world and and the time that we are living in. It says that people often they identify themselves with their work. When you meet someone new, one of the first questions is usually what do you do? &gt;&gt; I want you to think about that. And then it says it's common because in many cultures especially the western ones work is tied closely to identity and purpose and social status. I it's a you you meet somebody it's within the first two like if you don't ask that you have nothing else to ask right like if they say do not ask what they do for a living that conversation is going to last one minute how are you brother where you from oh okay good that's it you're dried up why because we live in such a society where our very identity when we define ourselves is directly closely attached to what we do for a living. &gt;&gt; And then it says why does this happen? First of all, in the social structure they say the job often time places us in in social categories. Oh, I'm a doctor. I'm a teacher. I'm an artist and an engineer. It says which quickly signals the education or the lifestyle. You with me? &gt;&gt; So the moment the person tells you what they do, you you now you don't do this on purpose. There's like a a a weight scale like you know man is amazing like like a balance that just knows how to just to to to build the graph automatically just by the answer. I'm a scientist. And he says the occupation signals education, income, intelligence or lifestyle. It it it becomes a means by which people compare one with another. &gt;&gt; Am I better than him or is he better than me? It's the social trend ranks professional like doctors and CEO often as seen more successful than janitor or an artist or regardless or or or regardless of passion or integrity. So what you do your position as a CEO nobody takes care of the integrity or passion. It's automatically viewed higher as a sign of higher success. So people don't measure one another on integrity anymore. It's based on how successful you are. Basically, how many people have you done wrong, right? And the more people you've wronged, the more successful you are. &gt;&gt; I mean, you can't become a CEO just like that, you know? There's got to be some casualties. &gt;&gt; I I I mean I I I'm in corporate America, I can tell you. &gt;&gt; And often time it's the people that seem to work the hardest that are the sacrificial lambs. &gt;&gt; And people that talk the most and do do nothing, they're the ones that remain. It's corporate America. &gt;&gt; Sorry, let me continue on. &gt;&gt; So it gives the sense of purpose. People want to feel useful or impactful and work can provide a clear narrative of contribution. That's right. &gt;&gt; You see, so I do nothing except what I do for my job. Therefore, I feel important in society. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. Your contribution for your work is only for your paycheck. &gt;&gt; And it's worth just that. What matters is what you do for God, &gt;&gt; what you do for people, how you live your life in your community, how you impact people. &gt;&gt; You cannot measure what you are, but what you do at your job. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And and it says for many work is a source of achievement or growth. Because my title got changed. That means I'm growing. I'm becoming more successful. I'm becoming more impactful. Yeah. only on that little tree of your company. &gt;&gt; And and and it says the achievement and meaning that people often time they feel pride when their job align with their value and make them and make an impact. And it says for most most people spend a huge chunk of their walk of the of the working hours of the waking hours at work. It naturally becomes a big part of what they see themselves. It says that an average adult spend about 90,000 hours at work in his lifetime. 90,000 hours in the life. And then it says, "And if you do something for 40 plus hours a week, it naturally becomes a part of your identity. You see what the problem is? &gt;&gt; We we forget we we are and and I want to say it's not it's not your fault. It's not uh our fault, but it's the the Satan's e that Satan has built. And it it required us to do to be in so much in what is trying to do until we we it's like building bricks. You do so much that you even forget your real identity. &gt;&gt; It says this for for for social pressure. Social often it says society often reward and praises career success. So people tie their self-worth to professional achievement. From childhood we are asked what do you want to do when you get what do you want to be when you get old? When you grow up, we all thought that our job is our future, our path, and our growth. &gt;&gt; And and and now here's the downside. If I could just summarize it for the sake of time, the downside is that an over identifying with work can cause a burnout and identity crisis. If the job is lost and unfulfilled, you feeling you'll feel let go. You lose your sense of purpose. &gt;&gt; You lose what you are put on earth for. You lose the sense of your responsibility of what you're worth because you don't have a job. You feel like I'm lost and everything. And then it says that you you don't you don't know what to do when you lose your job. You are disconnected from the true self, your true identity, the loss of life purposes, limited view of self or others, and you missed the opportunity for something that God wanted to do for your life. I I say this to say, it's very important we don't we don't get lost in our jobs. It it's very important that we focus and understand that God has placed us here on on this planet for a purpose. We are here to serve the purpose of God. We are here as spiritual elected people. Our purpose, let me say this, the first thing for a believer is God takes the first place. The first priority is I'm a son of God. Your job comes second. Everything else that you do comes second. The most important thing says is to do the works of Christ is to do the job that God placed you here on earth to do. &gt;&gt; Soam will say we are living in a time of identification. He says we the spirit of God is here to call the elect out of the church. And God is here sending his word for the purpose of separating you from anything that you were not made to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When when you hear the word of God, every time you come to church, you play a tape, that word is calling for separation from unbelief. That word is calling you to move from the things of the world to move out of your own thinking to move out of everything that you are in so you can come into the kingdom of God and the promises of God. So God is calling his people for his name's sake. And he's coming in the time what uh the the scripture will say he's coming and he's calling those who were elected to be here in this generation for the purpose of manifesting what God has called us to manifest in the end time. Amen. &gt;&gt; The scripture will say, if we could turn there in Revelation 22, And I and I really like the scripture 22 and 10. It says, "And he saith unto me, seal not the saying of this prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand." Now, think about I want you to think about it. Now, it's when he's talking here, the time is at hand for the revealing of the entire book. It's the time when everything has to come to the proper identification of what it was in the beginning. Because remember, and I don't want to spend too much time on this, but when says Satan had hate two books, the book of Genesis and the book of Revelation. He says because the book of Genesis revealed the origin and the book of Revelation revealed what it's going to be at the end time. So when you see it in the book of revelation, you can track it all the way back to the book of Genesis and see where he started and see how he's been working. So when it comes in the book of Revelation and say the time is at hand, he's wanting us to come into an understanding that God at this time he's now revealing. That's why said everything, all the mystery that we're hidden in this book, God is now revealing it at the end time. So he says, "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still. And he which is filthy, let him be filthy still. And he that is righteous, let him be righteous still. And he that is holy, let him be holy still." Let me say this, my brother, my sister, the the identification in the end time is the return right back into the beginning of the very origin of everything. But but what I'm says it's not the changing of of a cocker bird being turned into a wheat. No, what it was is God is coming and and it says at one place it says perhaps you were covered like a cocker bird and everything but God knew that inside there there was a seed of wheat that was in there that was to be coming into manifestation. So when it comes into identification, even though we were born in sin, even though we were shaped in iniquity, came into the world speaking lies, what matters was what was inside of you. Because in the time of identification, he came and he exposed the flesh for what he was. But he also exposed the seed of God that was planted on you from since the beginning of time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; My question is now are we still identifying according to the flesh or are we identifying according to the seed? Because if you do according to the flesh, you will reap the flesh benefits. &gt;&gt; And if you do according to the seed, you will reap the seed benefit. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. We we didn't gather here this morning. And let me say this, by our own effort, because that's very key. How did we come to believe? We were like a cocker bird. We were like those that were lost and in sin and darkness and everything. But because we heard the word of God, we had we heard the call of God. Something inside of your heart. Believe the word of God. God changed you. He broke the cocker bird and he revealed the seed that was planted in you. &gt;&gt; So you believe the word that was planted, that was the seed that was in you. Therefore, you are sitting here this morning. &gt;&gt; Now, let me say this. If that's how we started, then what is our flesh got to do with it? Then why are we now turning our eyes towards the flesh? &gt;&gt; Why are we now all of the sudden focused on our flesh? If the flesh never brought you to where you were before, how can the flesh take you into God? What God desire for you? Amen. &gt;&gt; See, we we have an objective. Let me say that. Our objective is the word of God is the seed of God. And we need to keep our objective into that in order for us to produce what God is wanting out of you. But what I'm says and the word continues on. Let me continue to read on 11. It says a 12 writer. It says, "And behold, I come quickly and my and and my reward is with me to give every man according to his work shall he be. I am the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end, the first, the the the first and the last." But Ram says in the message uh uh God uh the the the God of this evil age he says he says that the two spirit uh one of them God's holy spirit and the other the devil's uh spirit working in deception this is paragraph uh 56 he says working in deception and the people on the earth are now making the choices he's saying he continues on and says Now the Holy Spirit is here calling out a bride for Christ and he is doing it by vindicating the word of promise to her for this age showing that that it it is Christ. He says and if the finger supposed to move in this age the finger will move. And if the foot is supposed to move in this age the foot will move. If the eye is supposed uhh to see in this age the eyes the eye will see. You see the spirit of God as he grows into the full stature of God in the age that we are living in. The Holy Spirit is here vindicating the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Oh my I I read it. I I was so happy. In other word, as you eat the message of the hour, as you go into the message of the hour, the Holy Spirit is here to make it a reality to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As you progress into the word of God, as you eat of that manner, you become that manner. As you partake of the word of God, you become of the word of God. But if you partake of the things of the world, you become like the things of the world. I love what uh uh brother Paul I believe couple of Sundays ago when when when he was preaching and he says uh I can't really recall but I I thought it was so wonderful even though the seed was made to produce something else but because of what else was put in it had the ability to produce something that was not original. Why? Because of the exposure. That's why you know we we know that if you keep looking at your child and calling him you are a liar, you are a liar. What is he going to do? Don't be surprised if he lies one day. &gt;&gt; Why? Because you called him a liar and one day he may decide to identify that. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? And you cannot continually feed on the world and expect to be a produce a Christian life. &gt;&gt; We cannot expect to uh be in in TVs and movies and the things of the world and listening to the music of the world and and partaking of the things of the world and think we're going to produce a Christian life &gt;&gt; that is contrary to the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; But we have a promise. If I partake of this word, if I eat the word, I will prophesy the word. &gt;&gt; If I eat the word, I become the word. But says, you eat the word, you become the word. You eat the word, you will speak the word. You eat it, it will make manifest. I don't care. Let me say this. That's why a a person you you just have to hang out with somebody, see what they do. as a prophet say I just need to come and visit you and see the type of place you hang out the people you hang out with all of that and you will know what the person is &gt;&gt; why because our environment determines who we become &gt;&gt; I cannot hang out with people that curse and talk bad and everything and without me replicating the same &gt;&gt; if by going to a store. Unconsciously, music is playing and all of the sudden you just hear your foot is tapping and you didn't even know where that came from. &gt;&gt; And you think being exposed day in and day out will not show up. So that's why the word of God is calling for total separation. And it's not an accusation, but it's you coming into the realization that I have a goal and I have an objective. And the only way for me to reach that goal and objective is to remain in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. Israel got out of the pro the the Egypt with a goal in going into the promised land. How many know that? &gt;&gt; How many of them made it? &gt;&gt; What says two out of how many? 2 million. &gt;&gt; Was what was wrong? I mean, they all came and you know, when the Red Sea opened and they, the scripture says when they cross and the daughters of Israel dance and they sing the song of Moses and and all that, that was true. But how come from that time until the promised land, how did they go from 2 million to two? &gt;&gt; You see, there were some, the scripture says that God took them into the wilderness to reveal to them what was in their heart. A journey that could have taken a lot less time, &gt;&gt; but God knew what was in their heart. And all it took was time for it to reveal what was really in their heart. &gt;&gt; All it took was time for them to really see what was into their heart. &gt;&gt; And I want you to speak to us this morning. We have to be careful what's in our heart because what jealousy came in and they started fighting for power and they came in to a place we read it 14 it says they were even talking about Egypt being better than where they were. Oh, we had onions. All of the sudden, you know, time is really telling. It's amazing how all of the sudden time erased all of the labor, &gt;&gt; all of the killing, all of the working, and all of the sudden it became a rosy picture. or we had onions, we had this and it's better that we would have died over here. It's better that what is it? It was people that lost the objective of what they were doing. They forgot what they were call out for. That's why says the church has to be careful because it's Israel when they try to identify with the world that's when they wanted kings like other people. They wanted they were called out to be a separated people, a people for God. that wanted to live for God, that were day to manifest God, they were called to be a people according to the word of God, &gt;&gt; not according to what everybody else did. &gt;&gt; But yet we are, we call ourselves Christians, but you know, we dress up and our modelings sometimes our idols for the models for the dress is worldly people. Oh, I saw that dress on such and such. I got to get it, too. I saw that purse and I got to get it to it. I saw that suit from such and such. I got to get it to Are you going to the promised land or are you going to Egypt? &gt;&gt; Just ask yourself, what direction am I going in? Oh, I want to be like the person that you are following after. Is he going to the promised land or is he going to Egypt? &gt;&gt; Because it's not going in both directions &gt;&gt; because the the choices you make will decide whether you go in one direction or the other. &gt;&gt; You cannot go in both directions at the same time. The decisions we made in our lives lead us into one or the other. That's why as children of God, I'm so thankful. I've said this before. Man comes back here says that man is made. We come from monkeys and chapandes and everything. And they are surprised when people act like that. &gt;&gt; No, I just decided to become my true self. That's why the message of the hour said you came from God and you're going back to God. That's why the message of the hour said you are even like God. God created you for the purpose of having dominion here on earth. &gt;&gt; And when you hear that, you want to identify with God. &gt;&gt; Something in your heart says, I'm a child of God. I'm a daughter of God. I cannot do what the world is doing. I got to keep myself different. I gotta walk different. I gotta talk different. I gotta live different. Why? Because I'm not part of this world. I'm in the world, but I'm not of the world. I come from a different kingdom. &gt;&gt; We are not a people a people, but we are a nation. We are a people that are called out to be not part of this world. But we are not just a group of Africans and deaths. We are a people predestinated by the word of God. &gt;&gt; The word said that they will come from every nation on earth. &gt;&gt; Our objective is the kingdom. Therefore, we do things that will lead us into the kingdom. And let me say this, he provided. He claimed and he said in his word, even as he told Moses as part of the journey, whatever you have need of, I will provide. &gt;&gt; Let me say this and I'm speaking to myself. Let's not compromise with the word of God. &gt;&gt; If you need a job that won't allow you to come to church, I believe if you sincerely pray, &gt;&gt; God will hear that. You will show him father the way to the promised land said that when doors open a Christian need to be in service. &gt;&gt; Lord I want to be in service. &gt;&gt; I believe with all my heart is bound to all to do it for you. Why? Because he said anything that we ask while we are on the journey he's going to provide it. If you have financial issues, you pray. You say, "Father, I'm caught between two opinions. I don't know whether to do this or to do that." But you say that I need to tell you what my desire is. And my desire is I want the promised land to be my objective. I pray, Father, that I'm going to do what's good for the kingdom and you will take care of my need. He will do that. &gt;&gt; Why? Because when you do that, brother, it becomes his responsibility. &gt;&gt; God wants you to know that his word is true. God don't want me to prove that his word is true. God wants to prove for himself to you that his word is true. &gt;&gt; His word is true. Not because I say it. It's because he's standing behind it to prove it. &gt;&gt; And that's why God is looking for people that will believe every word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And my heart desire this morning is Lord I I don't want to fall for the things of the world and every time having a choice to make. Should I go here? Should I go here? I have already made my choice and the kingdom is my destination. I will do all that I know. Now I know I'm going to make bad decisions. I know I'm going to fall. But father, my heart desire is I want to reach the kingdom. And as I go, I pray, Father, that you lead me. You hold me up into your hands. You bear me up into your hands, Father, so I can get there. I couldn't get there by my own strength. I couldn't get there even if I wanted. But Lord, one thing I know is you made a promise, and I'm going to stay on that promise. &gt;&gt; No compromising, living by the word of God. The challenge is the devil always have something to offer. &gt;&gt; Oh, you don't have to go that quick. You're so young. You know, &gt;&gt; you you need to experience the world, &gt;&gt; liar. &gt;&gt; You don't need to. &gt;&gt; Bring it on. &gt;&gt; You don't need to. &gt;&gt; Sin will take you farther than you want to go. That's right. &gt;&gt; You don't need to taste everything in the world to know that the devil is evil. &gt;&gt; What you have tasted is enough to already speak to you this morning and to know that that's the path of no good. &gt;&gt; We want to grow in revelation. We want to grow in our knowledge for him. We want to grow in our experiences with him. We want to grow and become solid Christians. The devil is you know I I love it how you now remember he got access even to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and he will come and says well you know in order for you to make it to heaven you know you got to obey this rules drink not and smoke not and do this and do this. Is that the scripture? Yeah. But let me tell you this morning, brother, you couldn't do that even if you wanted. &gt;&gt; You need the new birth. &gt;&gt; You need a change of heart. &gt;&gt; You need a change of desire. You need when you take that alcohol bottle, you put it to your lips, something inside of you, not the preacher, something inside of you say, "I do not want this." &gt;&gt; Not in your mind, in your heart. until it's done. You're just struggling with yourself. &gt;&gt; This program, you know, he built an entire program. Come to church, pay your tithes, and do this scriptural, right? Come to church, do this, and this is a list. And then once you say you fulfill the list, he adds more, you know, then you got to do this and you got to do this. You know, Jesus Christ or to obtain, you got to be baptized. You got to have the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost, the moment you think you got it, he adds more requirement. &gt;&gt; You can't run a race like that. The butam says God only has one way and not that you must be born again. The moment your heart is changed, God will add to it. The moment you are baptized with the Holy Spirit, he says the Holy Spirit will lead you in all truth and righteousness. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit and and I don't know who sent it. The Holy Spirit is the rest for the believer. It's not the chasing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You cease from your own work. You are at peace. You know he's got you under control. You know no matter what, he's going to take care of you. The Holy Spirit is the peace that God places inside of a believer. You are sure that no matter what, he's walking with you. &gt;&gt; If the musician could come. Oh, he says that our character is molded by what's inside of us. Now, I thought you and I want you maybe I shouldn't have even started this, but I really want you to think carefully about what he's talking about. We grow up in a way where we think I'm building my character by learning what to do, right? What to not to do and everything. I build myself into a charact. No, your character is built directly by what's inside of you. If what's inside of you is the things of the world, it will only show up in the things that you do. You you you can't take a leopard and remove his spot. You with me? You can't take an utopian and change his skin. It doesn't work like that. What you need is the unrooting of the desires of the world is to take the heart out and put a heart of flesh and put a new spirit. Then you will have new fruits come out. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we struggle with the symptoms in dealing in guess dealing with the with the actual disease. If we desire the things of the world, that means there's something in our hearts that's not right. &gt;&gt; So instead of dealing with the symptom, let's attack the disease. Let's give him our hearts and our everything. When you give him your heart, he will deal with that and the things the symptoms will go away. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. I repeat this again. You were made brotherham says you were Oh my says, I just don't have time to read it. He said that you were born, you were made to be a child of God to begin with, but the devil came and put a cloud over you. And Jesus came to break that cloud so you can see who you really are. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And the purpose of him breaking the cloud for you to see it so you can hunger for the right thing and he can deliver into your heart the right thing. When you have the right thing into your heart, then you don't have to worry anymore. Then the peace of God that surpasses understanding can come upon you. Then whatever happens outside will not affect you anymore. The flesh may get hot, but there will be something inside that will bring peace and say, "Do not worry. Our father's got this under control." That's the kind of believer I want to be this morning. I don't want to be tossed about by my own thinking. I don't want my heart and my blood pressure to go up because I don't understand thing. I want the peace of God in my heart. I want the peace of that surpasses understanding to know no matter what, he's here to take you into the promised land. Let's all stand this morning. I want the program of God this morning. I want what he has to offer. But says that there's nothing that could save that could save it but a character that came over the top of it all. That there was nothing in it that it had to come. It had to come from the pure fountain of almighty God. He says in another place, look to show that it's the true one and that he thought of it. He says he thoughts of his Christian today the thoughts before the foundation of the world. Now remember, man was born in sin, shape, and iniquity and came into the world speaking lies. It says there's nothing in him at all. See if he was in God thought when he came into the world there when he came into the world speaking lies. Is that right? There is nothing in him at all. See if it was in God's thought when he came into the world he's come and it is God taught in the beginning to display his attribute. Do you follow me? He says then Jesus came to break the clouds to break the clouds back so the attribute could be displayed itself. Amen. That's it. He says he is if it's God's expressed word now nothing else could be manifested. other character had fallen. Then you see what did Jesus come to bring back those characters? No, they were born in he says no they were born shaped in iniquity. You know I I I've always had this question. Excuse me. people will ask and he said but when I'm will say that it's not even when you came to the altar that you were saved it's not even when you came that's just when you came to the realization but he said that your real coming and your real understanding is that you were in the thoughts of God in the beginning. But when I'm said that, oh I love this that we were in him and often time we try to figure out how was I in Jesus. Now remember he said the fullness of God dwelt in him. So which means you were part of that fullness. &gt;&gt; So when he went to the cross the fullness was in him. So that's why he could say that when he died, you died with him. When he resurrected, you were resurrected with him. Why? Because the fullness. That's why you don't have to go to the cross. &gt;&gt; That's why you don't have to die. That's why you don't have to sin a day in your life. Why? Because he paid for that. &gt;&gt; And he's wanting you to know this morning that you were elected, called, and commissioned. But when I'm saying that if I am a real American, I have to identify with everything America identifies with. I have to identify all the way from George Washington all the way until today. &gt;&gt; Everything. The whole history about America is my history. &gt;&gt; And I want to say this morning, this is your history this morning. &gt;&gt; Everything that's in here, it's your history. You were with David. You were with Abraham. You were with Samson. You were with the children of Israel. It's your history. Don't look at it from the real. Look at it from the spiritual accent. Know that you have the right to the same benefit. &gt;&gt; Why? Because it's part of your own history. &gt;&gt; What's your heart's desire this morning? What what what's your objective? Are you going to the promised land? Or do you still desire some onions and licks and graves and meat and the things of Egypt? Because the word is here this morning calling the believer to separate from everything that is of Egypt this morning. and is calling us for the full manifestation. Hear me. Not a partial manifestation, but a full manifestation of everything that's in the promised land. And a true believer cannot be satisfied unless they see the fullness of that manifestation. Is that your heart desire this morning? Why don't you just lift your hand up to him and pray within your own heart and just show him what your desire is this morning and call out to him and say, "Lord, I want to see that within my life." And Lord, I I this is not come as a condemnation, but it's come as an opportunity for me to realize how below my own privileges I'm living, Lord. And Father, that I have so much, Lord, and to call out to you for and to see the manifestation of what you're doing, Lord. Father, you said that to the believer that every footstep was a possession. Lord, I want to walk in possession of the land that you've given me. I want to walk in possession looking towards the objective that you place in front of me. I want my heart's desire to desire, Father, the things of God. And and Father, if like brother Bamu say that if there be any wicked way in us, Lord, we pray that you take it out. Lord, fill us with your presence. fill us with your Holy Spirit. Father, you said that the Holy Spirit will be the tutor that will be given to the believer. It will teach us and it will remind us of everything that you taught. It will remind us of everything that the scripture has spoken of. And I pray for every uplifted hands I say this morning, Lord, lead us on the way of everlasting. Forgive our shortcomings, Lord. Amen father that you may come this morning if there'll be any sick among us whatever the need is this morning father we even remember our pastor this morning just pray touch his body Lord and strengthen him father if there be anybody Lord Father we are standing in your presence where all things are possible father you told us that what we need to do is speak the word and move forward and we are speaking your word this morning we're not going to speak negativity we're not going to complain but we're going to take the word and eat it and prophesy and move forward. Help us this morning, Father. That's our heart's desire. We commit everything we are and ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that. Amen. Oh, I know the time is in where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. [Music] All my works and all my deeds, every prayet on my knee will lay before the holy [Music] ming. Oh, but all I want to see is Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, &gt;&gt; all I want &gt;&gt; to see is all I want to see in Jesus. Oh, shine through me. Oh, and put aside afflicted pain and everything that I came will lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge. Oh, healing hands and touch. Oh, lay before the holy [Music] might. &gt;&gt; Oh, and all I want to see. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want to see. &gt;&gt; If you need prayer this morning, just stop and pray for and all I want to see. Oh Jesus. Oh sh [Music] Oh well done. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Oh god. Oh. Oh. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining. [Music] And thank you for the cross. Oh, and thank you for the price you bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing gra. Oh thank you for your love. Oh, thank you for helping his hand. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and he praise worthy. See it on the throne. Oh, we found you now with me in the ground. Oh, you great. We told we are [Music] high and lifted up for Jesus, son of God. for the treasure of heaven through his father. Oh worthy. [Music] Oh worthy. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the cross. Oh, thank you for your cross. We thank you. Thank you for the cross. You [Music] be caring all my sin and shame. In love you came. and praise grace. Thank you father. Oh, thank you for [Music] wash me in your ping flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy [Music] lamb. You are seated on the throne. Oh, we found you down with the ground. Oh you told we are [Music] Lord I am lifted up Jesus son of God. Oh, and the treasure of heaven is Oh, worthy. Oh, worthy. As we sing it one more time, just let your heart be moved by the word that we heard this morning. Such a beautiful word. So true. God is so faithful. He's done so much for us. Oh Lord, change our desires. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Oh, thank you for the price you made. [Music] All my sin and shame in you. Oh, and amazing praise. Thank you for his love, Lord. We thank you. Oh, thank you for your [Music] days. Wash me in your cleansing. [Music] All I know is your forgiveness and grace. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. See it all the weed [Music] Jesus, son of God. [Music] Oh, the treasure of heaven [Music] is [Music] worthy. [Music] That's where Jonathan is going to close our service in a word of prayer. [Music] Let us all bow. Gracious heavenly father, [Music] Lord, we've counted a a privilege, Lord God, to have been here this morning to reconnect, Lord God, to our true identity, Lord. And it was one that you had on on your mind, Lord God, before the foundation of the world. And Lord God, you're so gracious. You're so good to us, Lord. You sent us a word, Lord. You sent us a prophet to ensure that we knew exactly what you had in store for us. Our true connection, Lord God, the source of of true life. And heavenly father, Lord God, in the midst of a world of great confusion, being tossed about, Lord God, to and fro, there's a peace, Lord God, that surpasses all understanding, Lord God, that we have as children of God and not something that we learned or worked up, Lord God, but it's something that you reveal to us, Lord, and brings about a peace, heavenly father, Lord God, a settleness, Lord, and we can go forward. for Lord God in this world centered Lord and with true purpose Lord God and a true identification and and Lord God we just owe it all to you heavenly father and we just want to thank you for it this morning. Thank you Lord God for the words that were spoken Lord God. Thank you for a place to go, Lord God, when we need help, Lord, when we need strength, Lord, encouragement. We just love you, heavenly father, Lord God, this morning for all these things, Lord. And just pray, Lord God, that you just go with us, Lord God, this afternoon. May we consider and and think on these things, Lord God, and just come back, Lord God, refreshed and seeking more, Lord God. another opportunity, heavenly father, to draw closer unto you. We commit all these things into your precious hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Presence and worship, you're free to do so. Let's sing in moments like these. In moments like these, I sing out a song. Oh, I sing out a love song to Jesus. [Music] Oh, in moments like these I lift up my head. Oh, I lift up my hands to the Lord. Sing [Music] you Lord. [Music] God [Music] who sing you Lord. Oh, [Music] you in moments like these. Oh, and in moments like these, I sing out a song. Oh, I sing a love song to Jesus [Music] in moments like thee. I lift up my hands. Oh, I lift up my hands to the Lord. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. Singing God to [Music] sing [Music] you Lord. [Music] There are two roads you may take. Oh, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see. What you believe is what will be. Catch your wings to the wings of faith. For you can fly in a high in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's my grace. Catch your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, and watch your knee. [Music] Watch your cry. Watch your mountain that's much high. Oh, and speak the word of God. And by and by it will go. Oh, you will fly. Oh, set your knee to win the f. You can fly in a higher in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's my praise. Such wind to the wind of faith. Watch the eagle. Oh, watch the he in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not struggle. And for the power [Music] that makes him right. It's so red in the sky. a journey [Music] to win the faith. For you can fly in a high in a higher place. Do not struggle for grace by grace. [Music] Set your wing to the wind of faith. I'll set my wings. Oh, I set my wings to the wings of faith. Oh, I can fly in a higher plane. I do not struggle for as bright as gra [Applause] I send my lead to the wings that are free. Do not struggle for reach by grace. Touch your wings to the wind of fear. [Music] [Music] you. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
