################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - [2025-06-15am] The Pull Of The Rapture  Bro Matthew McGeary - Matthew McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    [2025-06-15am] The Pull Of The Rapture | Bro Matthew McGeary
Speaker:  Matthew McGeary
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdwW_miyo9A
========================================

Description:
The Pull Of The Rapture 
Bro Matthew McGeary
Sunday Morning Service
Christian Life Tabernacle
June 15th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Beautiful. [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you that stand and sing that this morning. My word of life sells on the trouble sea. Ever there's a way in my s [Music] But my heavenly father, he watches over me when the grace turns into again. I know the master of the rain. Oh yes, I know the maker of the rain. He can come to storm to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the rain. Sometimes I saw like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found by an unexpected stor may drive me from the high. He will bring me down. I know the master of the rain. Oh yes, I know the maker of the rain. He can count the storm to make the sun to shine again. I know the master. Sing that second verse again. Sometimes I s like an eagle in the sky among your peace my soul can be found. I did not expect that storing from the high. He may bring me down. I do. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can count the storms to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the grave. Hallelujah. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, and fill us with your power. Oh, oh, and live inside of me. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, and welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your body. Oh, I live inside. You're the living water. Oh, and you're the living water. All the neighboring mountain. Oh, and comfort. I counter. Oh, I take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your power. Oh, I'm living. You're the living water. You're the living water. Oh, I never [Music] Oh, I counel you. My confidence. [Music] Oh, I take complete control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, and fill us with your power. live inside. Is that your heart desire this morning? Let the comforter come and and live inside of us. That's our heart's desire. Amen. Brother David Junior, if you could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. Amen. So thankful to be back and be gathered in his presence. Let's go before him. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just come before you. Thankful to be gathered with the saints again this morning, Lord. And Lord, as we looked into your word and contemplated this day, Lord, it's a a day of we recognize fathers, Lord. And we started to think of those who maybe don't have their father here and looked at your promises of where you said you'd be a father to the fatherless. and Lord, how you look out and you defend them. And Lord, you are an advocate. And Lord, we want to invite you to be our father this morning, Lord. And open our hearts up completely. And Lord, there's nothing greater to have known you as our father, to know you as one that looks out for our interest, to know that you love us, Father. him. Lord used to sing a song many times until you know the loving hand that reaches down the fallen man picks him up from out of sin where he is gone. Until you know just how it feels to know that God is really real. You know nothing until you know the love of God. Lord, we want to know your love greater. And where's one thing, Father, in a day that things seem to be so wrestled with intellectually. And Lord, doubt and fear would try to enter in through circumstance and politics. And Lord, we're certain of your love for us, Lord. This morning, we're looking to the price paid and assure entrance. Father, we cast down any doubt, any hindrance. Lord, as anyone's here is battling, Father, with the doubt or unworthiness, Lord, it's your worthiness, oh God. And Lord, we ask for forgiveness, Lord, that you could have your will and way in this service, Lord. And Lord, take complete control, Father. Be use the minister, oh God. And Lord, just open our hearts to receive from you. And we're committing it all to you. Each song from the back to the front, Father, have complete preeminence. And Lord, my desire, my burning desire, Lord, may I truly allow you in my heart to be my father. In the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of God this morning? Amen. Want to welcome all our visitors. Everyone, happy Father's Day. And may you may turn around and welcome someone this morning. Amen. Amen. I believe it's Sister Lor's birthday today. Happy birthday, man. Let's open our psalm reading this morning. We're going to read Psalm 146. So, start at the first and we'll join together on the last verse. [Music] Praise ye the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. princes, noring sons of man in whom there is no help. Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord is God. which executed judgment for the oppressed, which giveth food to the hungry. The Lord looth the prisoners. The Lord preserveth the preserve the transgressors. He relieve the fatherless and the widow. But the way of the wicked he turned upside down. The Lord shall reign forever, even thy God, oh Zion, unto all generation. Praise ye the Lord. Amen. God bless. You may have your seats, man. Let's sing at Calvary KFC. Amen. Oh yes. I spent eternity and oh my god [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I came to Jesus everything. Oh my. Oh, [Music] [Music] heat, heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Christmas. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I see the blood of Jesus. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, the victory. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I bless the rock. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Is it the rock of your salvation this morning? Amen. I'll tell you this, the world is falling apart. Amen. Time is coming to an end. Amen. You need to make sure you're standing on the rock this morning. Amen. Amen. Sister Patience has a special if she could bring it at this time. Amen. So, what we'll do is we'll just go ahead and have but uh Jonathan and Miriam bring their special right after that. That's the same person playing. Amen. God bless you, church. Um, I'm singing this song today because I clocked another year today. [Music] My story inside hell was out on life seeing with sin and distress till I heard a sweet voice saying make him your choice. And I entered the heaven of rest. I then cut my soul in the heaven of rest. I sell though I sin no more. The tempest may sweep over the wild storming wind. And in Jesus I'm save ever more. I yielded at myself to his tender embrace and faith taking hold of the world. My feed has fell off and I cut my soul. The heaven of rest is my Lord. Now thou cut my soul in the heaven of rest. I sell the wild sea no more. The tempest sweep over the warming wind. And in Jesus I'm saved ever more. The song of my soul since the Lord made me whole. has been the out story so blessed of Jesus to save those so heaven we have a home in the heaven of rest and I thank an soul in the heaven of rest I said I'll see no more Tempest sweep over the warming wind. And in Jesus I'm saved ever more. How precious the charts that we all may recline. Like John the beloved and the last on Jesus trying where no tempest can hide. secured in the heaven of rest. I thank God my soul in the heaven of rest. I said the wild sin no more. The tempest must sweep over the wild stormy wind. And in Jesus I'm save ever more. Oh, come to the Savior. He patiently wait to stay by his power divine. Come and call your soul in the heaven of rest and save my beloved mine. I thank God my soul in the heaven of rest. I said the white sin no more but tempest may sweep over the wise storm indeed. And in Jesus I'm saved ever more. And I thank God my soul in the rest. I said though I sin no more but tempest may sweep over the wise storming deep and in Jesus I'm saved ever Oh, [Applause] heat. [Music] God bless you. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. And I'll praise him. He is exalted. The king is exalted and I will praise his name. He the Lord forever in truth shall reign. Heaven and earth rejoice in his holy name. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. And I will praise him. He is exalted. The king is exalted and I will praise his name. He is the Lord forever. His truth shall reign. Heaven and earth. Rejoice in his holy name. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. For thou, oh Lord, are God above all the earth. You are exalted for above all the Lord. Thou oh Lord are on high above all the earth. You are exalted for above all God. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh, we exalted. He is exalted forever. [Music] He is exalted forever. He's unbalted forever. He is exalted forever and ever. For you are the Lord forever. His truth shall reign. Heaven and earth rejoice in his holy name. He is exalted. The King is exalted on high. [Music] You are exalted forever. Exalted on high. [Applause] Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Let him be exalted in the congregation of the saints. Amen. Amen. We have couple of uh requests. I said, "God bless you from brother Amos to writes, God bless you all. Please join me to um join me to wish my precious wife a very happy birthday today." Amen. He added, he said um he added another year to his life. Please pray uh for a word of prayer for her. Thank you. May God bless you all. Amen. [Applause] Sister Ruth writes, "I want to thank the Lord for giving me another year to celebrate my birthday yesterday and now I'm 14." Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Amen. His goodness shall endure forever. Amen. And we want to this morning remember our pastor and pray that the Lord will be with him. I know brother Matt Thomas echo those that are with him and just pray that the Lord will give them a wonderful time. Brother Tommy and brother Andrews are out. I want to just pray that the Lord will be with them and bring them back safe home. And all of those that are traveling, we just want to commit them into the hands of the Lord. And amen. The brothers that are taking the offering this morning, if you can come if you have a need. Amen. This is the house of prayer. This is the house of the Lord. Amen. Nothing is impossible to them that believe. Why? Because we stand before the living God. Amen. Brother Tim Sal, if we could just come and take this needs before the church. [Music] Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord. There's a glow about his presence and I'm thankful for it. I echo what Brother Davey said. It's it's good to be back in the house of the Lord. And I think every time whether it was Wednesday night, Sunday on Wednesday, the days get longer in between. Happy birthday, Lori. It's Lor's birthday today. Uh you may be aware that's my sister-in-law and I've been blessed by being around around her for a long time. Amen. So, I want to remind you [Music] Pardon my emotion. [Music] We're blessed to have a heavenly father. There are those without their father in this life. [Music] But he told his disciples after praying for him and encouraging him, preparing them for his eventual departure, he said, "In this world, you'll have tribulation, but be of good cheer, for I have overcome the worst." [Music] That was prior to him going through the torture and eventual death of the cross. He said, "I have overcome the world. He's a God of I am, he is. And as I started to quote the scripture that Brother Brandham used so so many times [Music] and you know we refer to him as a country boy or people derogatory said he's a hillbilly from Kentucky the backwoods. He was a gentleman, but in his Kentucky vernacular, he said, "A handful and two dozen eggs." I don't know if that's the way he remembered the scripture, but it's St. John 5:24. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into judgment, but is passed from death unto life. Is passed. We're already passed from death unto life. That's an encouragement this morning. Whatever we have need of, just breathe a prayer to him. Let's just bow our heads. [Music] Lord, what a blessing it is to be able to call you father. Lord, we we know you've reserved a special place for each one of us. We're not servants, but we're children. We're offspring of a heavenly father. And Lord, as we come together today, the the presence that's among us, Lord, it's because so many of us has brought our lick of fire. You said that you would be with us even in us until the last days. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you can dwell in these mortal bodies of flesh and clay. Lord, that nothing that we've done to earn it, but Lord, you've sanctified us, set us aside for your service. You've come and inhabited these beings. Lord, that's why there's a glow amongst us today, Lord. We just want to yield ourselves to your presence, Lord, and use us for your honor and glory. And Lord, if we can combine our faith today in your word and in your promise, Lord, these needs that are read, these needs that are upon our hearts, Lord, they cry out. You said when we don't even know how to pray, Lord, just the murmurings, the groanings, Lord, they speak to you, Lord. You've been in this position. You've been abandoned. You said that you'll go your own way and I'll be left alone, but I won't be alone for the Father will be with me. We thank you, Lord, that we have a heavenly father that's with us through these times of trial, heartache, suffering, but Lord, they're joyous times as we know they're on the cusp of your soon appearing. Lord, grant to our hearts today, Lord, that we can be lifted up, that we can hear something today from your word, Lord, resonate within and we can claim the promise, apply it to our lives, Lord, and see the manifestation being brought to pass or what we have need of, Lord, for you hear our prayer. We're assured of that, Lord. And you love us. We lift you up. We honor you today. Ask Lord that you just take control of every heart, every life, every spirit Lord. Anything unclean, just cast it out. Lord, may be in one mind and one accord. When the word comes forth, it can return a hundfold. Grant it to us now we pray. Bless these tithes and offerings that are collected. Lord, use them for your honor and your glory. We thank you, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] Worthy is the lamb slain. Holy, holy is he. Oh, sing a new song. To him will sing song. Heaven's mercy sees. Oh, worthy is lamb who I slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song to him who sing. Have mercy. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty and is to come with all creation I sing. Praise to the King of Kings. You are everything and I will adore you. Golden rainbow [Music] of living God. Hallelujah. [Music] Light her. Hallelujah. Oh, blessing and honor, strength and glory and glory. to you the only holy, holy, holy God almighty. Oh wise it is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Filled with wonder. Oh, [Music] oh Jesus. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Who was it and is and is to come with all creation. I see praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will hide you. Oh, filled with wonder. Oh, [Music] and Jesus name. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty and is and is to come with all creation I see. You are my everything and I will adore you. Hallelujah. Why don't you just adore him tonight? Why don't you just open your mouth and thank him this morning and say, "Lord, we thank you for life and we thank you for all that you do for us. Lord, we thank you for providing to our needs. And Father, we thank you for gathering us here this morning. We thank you for all that you do. Lord, we ask that you just come and visit with us this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, my heart can grow so far away. And hallelujah. Oh, and and yet for me your love is still the His love hasn't changed this morning. Oh, and Lord I Oh, and in heart and fear of me. Oh, and my hand out in your name. [Music] Let's all start singing as you this morning. [Music] Oh, the great. [Music] [Laughter] Oh my comfort to him. Oh Lord my heart is [Music] your spirit. I work to worship you my Lord. Open my soul to worship to be a praise of yours. [Music] I live your name [Music] God. [Music] All the great I am the lamb, my comfort and king. Oh, just keep worshiping him now. and I live glory. Why don't you lift them up right now? Lord, we lift you up. We worship you, Lord. Oh, [Music] the great [Music] [Applause] I come [Music] Let's just approach him. Lord Jesus, we are so thankful that we could come together and lift your holy name. Lord, it just comes to me as I think about Solomon's temple when all of those came and everything was set in order. And when it all started to go forth, the worship, your presence filled the place. And what an awe and what a wonder it must have been. And Lord, to think we're living in an hour where we don't use our five senses of the flesh to perceive your presence. Lord, you've given us a six sense of faith that knows that you're here in the fullness of your power as you ever were. We want to move away from the senses that might jurisdict how we feel and the things that we think, Lord. And we want faith to anchor it in the revealed word of the hour. You would just come, Lord, and break the bread of life that we might feed on the secret things of God this morning. We love you, Lord. Lord, thank you for Calvary. [Music] When we were unlovable, Lord, you loved us. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we've done things that we'd be embarrassed if any man would ever know. And yet you knew, Lord, and you said, "I'll I'll take that from you, and I'll bear that shame and reproach." Well, thank you, Lord. You're such a wonderful savior, Lord. We want to love you better. Help us to love you better. You're a you're a wonderful father. Yes, Lord. as the world would celebrate maybe a hallmark holiday. We have a heavenly father and you've provided everything that we've ever had it needed, Lord. And you said, "Ask abundantly that your joy might be full and you do exceedingly and abundantly more than we could even ask." What a privileged people we are. So we ask that you'd come, Lord, and minister to our hearts, Lord. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in his presence. Just a wonderful atmosphere. We're so thankful for the opportunity. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles to Hebrews chapter 5. Uh Hebrews chapter 11. And um I thank you for the the monitors. You can turn them down just a little bit. Um Hebrews chapter 11. We we uh we want to while you're turning there um remember um brother brother Jose and Sister Raquel is they'll be traveling back from Mexico but while they were there sister Raquel needed a a pretty major surgery and she had a a large tumor that was growing and um they have gotten the results back and she is healed and progressed very well and she is cancer Hallelujah. Praise God. So, just remember them as they are on their journey back. But we we've been in prayer for that. And our God's a healer. He's a provider and he takes care of our needs. Amen. Amen. Just reading in Hebrews chapter 11 and verse 5. I've just been enjoying the word and the things that we've been fellowshipping on and uh you just you just love to continue uh gleaning in those fields that where we're at and where our pastor, brother Billy, the ministry, and how we're just moving through here. And and I would say my my heart's desire is as I was fellowshipping with brother Billy, you know, um we we want the ministering of the word to be a help to the individual because every one of us might be in different seasons, different challenges on the mountaintop, in the valley, different family situations, a season of singleness. Uh you might be a youth, a child. you you you might be I don't you could be five, six, seven years old and you're you're you're starting to catch a little bit of the word and and and things. And we we want to be a help to to any age, any place in their life. And and I I believe we serve a God uh that's uh um he's he's hidden in simplicity, you know, and and and and we know that uh I'm so thankful that I that's what I needed. I'm I'm glad you didn't need a a degree or because I'd have been out. I I I'm glad you don't need a a a super mind to be able to remember everything and recall and plug everything together. You just you need faith and and faith is a gift. Isn't that wonderful? I mean, that just always makes me happy. I like getting gifts. I don't know about you, but I like gifts. You know, I I really like it when somebody does something for me. And and to think that our heavenly father gave us the greatest gift. He gave you faith. He gave you eternal life. He wrote your name on the lamb's book of life. Well, hallelujah. Glory. Hebrews 11 and5. By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God translated him. For before his translation he had this testimony that he pleased God. But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is. And he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. You may have your seats if you'll also turn in your Bibles to 1 Thessalonians chapter 4. Amen. By the help of God, I I want to preach to you this morning on the pool of the rapture. And I I've been um just in my own um studies and feeding um I I I as I say this just let me reiterate always feed in the field that your pastor is leading. And so anything else I would say any of the other ministers what we are bringing we want to bring that right in the same field. So if it it might feel like it's from a different angle or something like that, it it we want just to dovetail right in within the field that the the sheep are gleaning in that it might be a help to you. And so one of in my own personal studies and ministering and things I I've been in uh the message why Christ speak and and I I could tell you you could, you know, as the prophet said, if you don't see Jesus Christ in every line, go back and read it again. I I don't care uh what tape you're listening to or what verse in the Bible you're reading. It's the eternal word of God. And if you're reading it with a faith, God will feed your soul. You know, I I uh well, we'll just not be labor. Uh let's get into the 1 Thessalonians 4:16. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words. And as I've been just feeding in that uh message why Christ speak, brother Brandon would be speaking of the rapture. And and so I've also been just, you know, you you you jump into other sermons and you listen and and I don't know about you, but I I try to feed on the message every day because it's Christ the one that you're feeding on. And if if we're going to go in a rapture and we're going to go in a body change and and and and and we're going to receive that supernatural strength to be caught away, it's going to come by the revealed word of the hour. You you must be listening to the message. I was just fellowshipping with one of my kids and and I was just talking to them and I said, "Well, you know, I said, "Are you listening to the message?" I said, "It's one thing to read and pray and understand and and read your Bible, but but God has given us a message to help us understand the Bible. Without the message, it's a closed book. You can't understand those things." So, so God, his word comes to his prophet. He's a revealer of the word, an interpreter of the word. So, there's there's things laying in the message that that you you can believe and you you can you can have faith, but then then the message will come and bring a revelation and an understanding to the things that you're reading. And so, uh out of this uh rapture message as 1 Thessalonians 4:16 would be his text uh one of the text in Psalms 27. But he says, "But to the church, the bride, the rapture is a revelation to her. It's revealed to her that that the revelation the true bride of Christ will be waiting for the revelation of the rapture. Now it is a revelation for the revelation is faith. You cannot have a revelation without it being faith. Faith is a revelation because it's something that's revealed to you. Faith is a revelation. Faith is something that's been revealed to you like it was to Abraham that could call anything contrary to what had been revealed to him as though it wasn't so. There was a lot of things that were contrary to what had been revealed to Abraham. Everything else would have declared Abraham, what God has told you is not possible. It cannot happen. But yet, despite all of the challenges and all the struggles and all the science and everything that would have testified and said, Abraham, you've lost your mind. It is impossible. It's been one year, 5 years, 10 years, 20 years. The things haven't come to pass. But yet, because it was revealed to him in the face of his critics, in the face of his adversaries, he was able to call those things that were not as though they were and declare, "I'm going to have a baby." Now, faith, that's what faith is, is the revelation of God. And and I just want to say we're living in an exciting time uh for the believer. You know, wi w with chaos and destruction and and everything going on in the land around us. You know, I I think it should be a very exciting time for the believer where you should start being a little bit happy and and and by no means would we want to belittle the struggles and the heartache and the lost lives and and the wars and the things that are going on, but but you know, I it's it's the sign of the times. We know we're we're living right in the very end time, the very climax where where we as believers, you know, I I I would I would say that, you know, when my mom and dad heard the message, they were so moved as as they were listening uh I believed uh uh uh uh m I can't I'm failing to remember the sermon they were listening to, but my they heard that word and they just bailed out of California because they knew the urgency and the hour that we are now living in. And I say uh we should have that same urgency. We should have that. I mean, if if they had it then, my if the and if and Jesus said, you know, said, "Behold, I come quickly." There's always an urgency amongst the believers. But yet, when you live in a day and age where we're seeing prophecy being fulfilled, and if we've received the the message of the hour, we know that we're just waiting for the culmination of the change of our bodies. There ought to be an expectation there. There ought to be a something moving within you. And I I I say you ought to get excited about it. I I say I say we we should be happy now. Now now I know that uh sometimes people get a little bit worried and they start to wonder and and like I said there there there's there there's but there's wars going on in the lands but I I like in this message in Psalms 27:5 David says for in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in the secret of his tabernacle. Now that tabernacle means tent. If you look up the definition, he shall hide me. In the secret of his tent shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. I say you can be going through a valley. You can be in a really hard time, in a really hard situation. Oh uh uh but in that valley you can still be set up upon a rock because that rock is revelation. Faith is a revelation. The rapture is a revelation. And if you have the revelation of the rapture and it's moving with inside of you, you can see all the things that are going on. You can be going through hardships and you can be going through trials, but something in your soul knows that you got an anchor. You can be like Abraham. You can call those things that are not as though they are because you have a divine promise and a revelation of the hour that you're now living in and you've come into contact with it and you've been united with it. It's not something that you're guessing and wondering and could it be and and trying to put this together with that and and then and then your ideas fall apart and all. It's something that's revealed. That's right. An exciting time. And I just ask, you know, what does the rapture mean to you? What's your understanding of it? Where is it on your, you know, priority list? And when is it? How's it going to happen? you know, are are you excited or are you worried? You know, are you getting a little my what happens? You know, I don't know what happens if things get really bad. What happens if the economy fails again? What happens if Trump presses that button? You know, a lot of times we can start getting getting feared and getting and worried because of hardships and and and struggles, you know. But I was reminded how brother Brandham said that if if you were starving, you know, if you were starving, maybe you'd be worried, maybe a little be a little concerned. But he said if you were starving and you had a quarter that could purchase a loaf of bread, you could be just as happy with the quarter, right? Because you had what? The purchasing power. So, so now that something had been given to you that because of the condition that you were in, now you had something that could purchase uh h the the solution for the problem that you were living in. And what is that? Oh, that that represents faith. God has given you a faith for the hour in the situ. Maybe you got a a sickness in your body, but when it's a revelation to you or or God has given you a promise that you're believing for, look, uh don't don't don't allow the trial to beat you down. You got to realize, hey, I got a quarter. Now, what the devil wants you to do is try to eat the quarter. You can't eat the quarter. Don't settle. Well, maybe he didn't really mean this, and maybe maybe he didn't really mean it that way. And well, maybe maybe it'll just be manifested on the other side. And and no, you got your corner. There's bread. All right. There's bread for you. Yes. I I I I I one of the things that stuck out on the tape that we listened to on Wednesday was that brother Brandham said that that woman that had the blood issue faith dropped into her heart. If I can just touch the hymn of his garment, then I will be healed. Oh, I love this. He said, "If that faith had had dropped down in her heart, then God was obligated to present the opportunity or the ability for her to touch the hymn of his garment." Oh, hallelujah. If the faith is in your heart, then God is obligated. Hallelujah. And I thought, "Oh, praise the Lord." Here, the faith had dropped in her heart. Faith like a quarter. And all of a sudden, here come the bread of life walking down the road. I said, 'Oh, praise God. What an expectation we should have if we could take our quarter of faith or take the faith that God has given us. What kind of service could we have this morning if all of a sudden we realize God has given me the gift of faith and the bread of life? Jesus Christ is walking up and down the aisles right now. If I could just touch the hymn of his garden, what what kind of atmosphere would be created? What kind of expectation? What kind of results could we get in the body of Christ in this hour? Amen. Come on. Oh, hallelujah. Faith is a revelation. Are you excited about the rapture? Is it your, you know, I don't know where the rapture ranks on your priority list? Does it just kind of is it just a thought that kind of floats through your mind every once in a while? or is it something that is on the foremost of your your mind and something that you're in expectation of and something that you're praying about? And I I I just as we read that scripture with all of this going on in the time of trouble, there is a secret place for the believer. We we we got a bomb shelter under under the wings of Almighty Jehovah. There there is a place of refuge. There's a a secret place. And I I say if you haven't found it, I say God is pulling. He's drawing. He's beckoning unto you. There's a there's a place of refuge where the the blood has been applied that that where the death angel can pass out. We we got a token. We have a real Holy Ghost. If the same spirit that raised up Jesus Christ from the dead dwell in you, it will also quicken your mortal body. It will quicken your thoughts. It'll it'll quicken your understanding. Oh, it's quickening power. That's what the prophet of God said. He said, "The quickening power lets us see us coming." The quickening power lets us see these things. It was the quickening power that opened the seals. The quickening power, what is it? It's Jesus Christ. It's a revelation. Oh, glory to God. Prophet of God said, "Quickening power brings you into rapturing condition before one bomb drops." Before one bomb drops, you know, uh, this might sound kind of odd. I was just thinking about that before one bomb drops, a little voice came up next to me and said, "What happens if you're still here? And I just got to, you know, I thought, huh, probably a conversation I shouldn't entertain, but you know, you got to know how to do battle. And I thought, what happens if I'm still here? And and another thought tried to come, that means Brother Brandham's a false prophet. And something inside of him, he said, no, that means I wasn't ready. Now, I'm sorry if a bomb drops and I'm still here. Brother Brandham wasn't wrong. I was wrong. And God forbid I have to seal my testimony with my own blood because I didn't get desperate enough and I didn't get the Holy Ghost. But I know this message is right. I know it's the truth. And if I had to go through tribulation, if that would please my Lord, then I'd be brokenhearted. But I'd realize I just didn't have what I thought I had. But I know one thing, this word is right. So if a bomb did drop and I was still here, then I I would know the raptures on. And I'd say, "Lord, help me. I need more grace." But I got a greater revelation. You old devil. I ain't going to be here. I got my quarter. I got my Holy Ghost. Send the bombs. It's my ticket out of here. I had a friend call me. I've witnessed to him for years and and done my best to to to sew a word in there and he called me and he was all up, you know, my this is going on and that's going on and, you know, he he kind of he never really been that much into things and now he's kind of getting into things a little bit. He's like, man, this could be the end time. I said, yeah, isn't that exciting? And he's like, "Man, you've always been like that." Like, "Yeah, man. It's the end time. It's we're at the very end. This is the end of the world. Isn't that amazing?" He's like, "Yeah, you've always been different." I cuz I don't got nothing to fear. I was born for this. I was placed here for this. It's my purpose. It's my calling. It's why I'm here. God saw before the foundation of the world. Hey, I want Ben Wall. I want Brother Billy. I want these ones there. Hey, there there's going to be a pool of the rapture and this is the seed a predestinated seed that I want to be living in that hour. Amen. Yes. So, in why Christ speak, as we just move into maybe um some of the things we've been fellowshipping on, in why Christ speak verse uh uh paragraph 49, he says, "Just as we know, as a man asked me a few moments ago about the coming and the rapture, we know we've lived the time out at the time of the rapture is at hand and we're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength that can change these bodies that we live in. When we see a God that can raise the dead off the floor or out of the yard and bring back to life again and present him before us. When we see a God who can take a cancer that eats a man to a shadow and raise him up to a strong healthy man again. That ought to give rapturing faith to the people. Now, some sometimes um if we're not careful, you there's some quotes and things and and I've heard it presented in a way that we're waiting for a squeeze and we we know that uh uh uh uh you know, could it already been fulfilled? Is it going to be fulfilled? I'm not I'm not too interested in what will be. I'm interested in what is right now and and what God has revealed to us and where where we're at. But but I see one thing laying in the word. The prophet of God said said national force put Israel in its homeland and and national force will put the the denominations and the econical moves of councils. But he said it'll be the power of God that puts the people in the bride. So, don't be looking for some outward force or some calamity. Oh, oh, Iran and and this missile and that missile and and now this is going on and now there's going to come a something in the economy and I'm going to get into desperation and all of these things are going to happen and then all of a sudden all this this pressure from outside is going to is going to make me pop like popcorn. Don't be waiting for that. No. No. of the believer is we are hidden in the secret of a tabernacle. We are in a secret place feeding on the secret things of God. Oh, we we have an anchor that the world knows nothing about. We have a revelation. He says that when the light flashes from the sky and the trumpet sounds, the body of Christ will be quickly gathered together and changed in a moment in a and taken into heaven. We're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give it some supernatural strength. And another place, Brother Brham says, it's going to take more faith than there was in any age for this has to be rapturing faith. And we're we're just wanting to speak to you for a moment on the pull of the rapture. The pull of the rapture. Jesus said in John 12:32, "And if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. All the Father has given me will come." I want to say, you can run. If you are predestinated seed, you can run, young people. You can run and you can fight and you can tug and you you can twist. But guess what? All the Father has given me will come. You know, we were talking about fishing and and thinking about things about fish and I believe I was talking with some of the brothers about catching a shark and and you know, you and I I well, I'll just tell the story then. One time I was out with my dad on a a deep sea fishing trip and we'd been out hadn't seen land for a couple days and and they were cutting up the fish and and they were throwing them overboard and and I I saw this, you know, it was like a six, seven foot shark, I guess, you know, I don't know. It was pretty big. I thought, well, man, I would like to hook that thing. So, I went and got a little steel line leader, you know, so his teeth wouldn't cut a regular fishing line. I I put it on there and I took the back of a big old tuna, you know, with the uh back fins on there and maybe this big bait and just hooked it in. I threw it just chunk the thing over and it splashes in the water and and you know, that little shark just kind of mosied up and went and I set the hook and it didn't even move. And then it was so close I just kind of pulled it a little more. and it kind of floated up to the boat and I felt like that thing looked at me and said, "Really?" And then just went and just took off. And and one of the deck mates came over there and he grabbed the line uh and he cut the line. He said, "Son, even if you could reel that thing in, we don't want it on the boat." You know, and it struck me one time as I was ministering. You know, each one of you have a hook of predestination in you. And you can run and you can fight and you can struggle and the Lord will just set the drag. Go ahead and fight a little bit more. And you'll get tired and you'll start coming back to the boat. Remember that deck can cut the line. But I want to tell you, no man can cut the line of predestination. There ain't no fault. There ain't no failure. There ain't no preacher. There ain't no bishop. There ain't no family situation. There's no DNA. There is nothing that you can ever go through that can ever cut the predestinated line that is hooked into your life. So go ahead and run. Go ahead and kick. Go ahead and scream and run all you want. But there is a hook in you. You can run to that church, that place, that drug, that boy, that girl. You can run out into the world. And I tell you what, you can get tangled up in a bunch of seaweed. But I say you don't want to go that way. There's a lot of scars and a lot of hurt and a lot of things that you can go from. You can save yourself a lot of trouble and just say, "Okay, I'm done running." And what does the fisherman do when you when you finally get a little bit of tire? What does he do? He says, "All right. Come on. All the father has given me will come." And then maybe all a sudden something comes by and gets your attention like, "No, I'm going to go back over here." And and This is really hard being out here. You mean God sent a prophet? You mean it's the message of the hour? Something in you won't let it go. You can kick, you can scream, you can fight, you can get in your mind where you lose your mind, but you'll never lose that predestinated seed. There is a deep calling to a deep and there ain't no drug. There ain't no religion. There ain't no works. There ain't no dancing. There ain't no shouting. There is no substitute for the revealed word of the hour. There is a deep and the only thing that predestinated seed wants is the word. Give me the word. Give me Malachi 4:5. Give me revelation, Lord. That's what I need. Come on. It's time to get on the boat. Yes, that's right. Quit running. He's going to draw you. He's going to draw you in. Do you feel the pull? Do you feel the pull? The hour that we're now living in, the time and the season, there's a pull. There's a drawing, something moving, something working within the believer. I say, do you feel the pull? Does it have an effect on your life? Is there Is there something that you know is drawing you? We've received a rapturing word. We've received a rapturing grace. We've received a message. We received a token. Do you know the value of this message? Yeah, I was thinking of that and I got to just the story of Rahab came to my my mind and I was thinking about here Rahab is on the wall of this city and you know just imagine she's up on the wall of that city and there's guys driving by in their Porsche and and they're driving by in their Lamborghinis and you know and and and they got their Instagrams and and their AI lives. You know that's what people got now is an AI. Look at me. You know it's fake. It's a false reality. You know, you know AI is in the Bible. You know that, right? What was AI? What happened in AI? AI was where Achen, I believe it's Achen, took a a a garment and a wedge of gold from B and he hid it in his tent. And the whole church suffered and wasn't out and was losing battles because some believer thought he could have a little bit of the world, right? And still be a successful believer. But it was it was it was a deception. And if AI isn't ever a deception, my I'm telling you well, you don't even know. You can't even know what you're seeing is real or not anymore. You you know who who knows? But I was thinking of Rahab. You know, here this this society going around and and you know, things going on and and maybe this person's the wealthiest and that's the richest and this guy got the best tech job and and that guy got the biggest house on the wall and all these things, but you know what? She could have been the poorest person in the city. But you know what, Ray bad? She had a token. That was worth more than everything everybody else had because everything in that city was about to crumble. I don't care how good your job is. I don't care how big your house is. I don't care how good-looking that boy is that you like. If you don't got the token, it's worthless. Are you hearing me this morning? If you don't have the token, if you don't have the Holy Ghost, if you don't have a revelation of the message, you better get into desperation and start praying for revelation of the word that has been proclaimed in the hour that we're now living because that is your safety. That is the ark. That's what you got to get on if you want to be saved. You got to come into the message. And the message is Christ. Oh, we need that token. And the token has to be applied. Brother Brandham said, "If we lift Jesus Christ up before the people, he will do the drawing." It's the greatest magnet the world has ever known. I'll just read it again and see if see if anybody believes that. If we lift up Jesus Christ up before the people, he will do the drawing. It's the greatest magnet the world has ever known. I'm gonna read it one more time. I think more people believe it. If we lift up Jesus Christ before the people, he will do the drawing. If the greatest magnet the world has ever known. Wow, that's starting to sound better. If we lift up Jesus Christ before the people, he will do the drawing. It's the greatest magnet. You can you can lift up a man. You can lift up secondhand revelation. But if you lift up this message, brother Matthew, I don't have a great understanding. Well, hold on here. My prophet told me if you just tell how your candle got lit. I know one thing. This message knows how to light a candle. This message will set you on fire. And if you have an experience and can start testifying of what God did in your life, it will draw. It will have an effect. It'll produce a change. Sometimes we might not have what we think we have, so you can't even lift it up. But if we lift up Jesus Christ, the believer is magnetized to that word. You know, brother Brandham tells the story about how he went into that factory and there was metal and everything laying everywhere and and and he was watching that and and a big magnet swept over and and all this metal and everything all these particles just started going up and clinging to the magnet. And brother Random watched that and he goes, "Huh?" He said, "Let me ask you a question." He said, "Why? Why did that metal over there? Why did that not why was that attracted and taken up to the magnet? He goes, "Oh, you see, Brother Brandham, that's aluminum." He said, "It's not magnetized." He said, "Praise the Lord." He said, "Hey, what what's what's going on?" He goes, "Oh, nothing. I just thinking. Just thinking." He said, "But what about that old car over there? Why? Why didn't that go up?" He said, he said, "Oh, you see that one, Brother Brandon? That over there? That's bolted down." He goes, "Hallelujah. What's the matter?" He goes, "Oh, I was just thinking." He said, "Oh, because I'm magnetized. that aluminum might have been magnetized and and and there's people that are bolted down by the things of the world and and and then something else is drawing them and pulling them and and they're looking at circumstances. But I say, "Oh, by the grace of God, may his power come down and break the shackles and and tear the bolts out of your life that you would be set free because there's a great magnet. The message of the hour, it's drawing. It's pulling. It's rapture time. It's bride time. Come up higher, John. come up into heavenly places. It's time to set your wings and fly. Now, I just maybe for a moment just maybe not take too much time on this because as we as we ministered uh you know, we we we you might hear us talk about the pool and the third pull or the the pool of the word and and we're speaking about the pool of the rapture. If you study the message, we understand that there were three pools in brother Bam's ministry. And and if if you wanted to study it out, you could go into what is a vision, I believe April 56. And um many places uh in the message, why are uh people tossed about? And uh you could come into sir, is this the time? And and then he he also breaks it down through the uh the dream or the vision he had in uh December 22 and the constellation of angels. And he'll talk about the the little birds coming and the the the bigger birds and then the angels coming from eternity. and he'd show how that's first, second, and third pool. But I if if just to try to simplify and maybe if I could say it like that where that even the phrase and why we even say that is is is years back, brother Brandham, he went into a vision. And now the prophet is in a vision and and he's he's trying to take a string or maybe you'd call it a shoelace or a rope and he's try he has a little uh what he would say a one-year-old baby shoe and he and there's an eighth inch eyelet and he got about a half inch line and he's trying to put it in there and and and and it's kind of coming down and all piled up on the floor and he's trying to put it in there and the angel of the Lord now in this vision says you can't teach babies supernatural things and later he would pick that up again and say, "You can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things because you'll cause carnal impersonations." Brother Brandham, uh, you know, he says, "My life's an open book. I just if I sp I just tell it." He was always explaining to the people the gift in his life. And the angel Lord is telling him because you're explaining it, you're causing a carnal impersonations. and and and he he he he as he tells him that he he looks down and he sees that the line tapers down and all the way on the other end it's down to the right size that if you would just start at the right end and it would thread right through. And he as he as he reached down to pick that up, he says the the the angel of the Lord took him deeper or higher into the vision. and and um and now he says he was sitting at a lake, a great big beautiful lake. And and he said when he reached down to pick up that line, he said it was a fishing pole. And he said he saw all these fishermen out around the lake and and they were all catching little bitty fish. But he saw way out there in the deep water, he saw these big rainbow trout. And he said something something in my heart said, "I I'd like to catch those." And the angel of the Lord said, "I'll teach you how to fish." And he says, "Now just throw it out there in the water, let it sink down really deep and then pull." He says, "You know, now that's a really a fisherman's tactic." And he said, "That'll attract fish in." He said, "Now, you know, now pull it again." second pool. He said, uh uh some some of the smaller fish will scatter, but that'll track the big fish. And he said that third pool, you set the hook. So when we when we talk about the pool, when you hear us refer to the third pool, we I you could maybe just come into the third pool, if you know, brother Brandon, we this is if you boil it all down, we know the first pool is healing. The second pool is the revealing of the secrets and intents of the heart. And the third pool is the opening of the word. So whenever we're receiving re referring to a pool, understand that this was a vision that God had given to the prophet and and and we'll call it a pool because he he t the angel of the Lord typed those things to the prophet. And now that the the angel lord showed him those things and he he it's the son of man ministry. He would liken those and see those types in Jesus ministry and things like that. So when you hear us refer to those things, when we talk about the third pull, oh, it's that third pull that catches that rainbow trout. Brother Brand said the third pull was the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. So when we talk about the pull of the rapture, the it's the third pull, the opening of the seven seals, which is the pool of the rapture. It's the opening of the word. Brother Benham said in uniting time and sign. He said the bride is becoming uh together uh the bride is coming together from the north, east, south and west. What are they uniting for? The rapture. What is she uniting with? The word. It's Christ coming. It's the bread of life. That's the one that you're feeding on. So just in our text, are you following me? Are we okay? In 1 Thessalonians 4:16 says, "For the Lord shall descend him uh from heaven with a shout." Now, brother Brandon, when he preaches the rapture message, he's very clear to say, "What is the shout?" He says, "It's the message going forth. First, the living bread of life bringing forth the bride." In other places you could you could find out where he's saying not when the messenger starts out. First pull healing second pull discerning of the thoughts and ts of the heart. But when his message is declared which is the opening of the word it's the revelation of the seven seals which which made the book become an open book. That is the shout. It's the message going forth. And what is the message doing? It's going forth first the living bread of life. And it's bringing forth. It's a drawing. It's a It's a pulling. It It has an effect on the believer's life. And I just want to say we can never ever overemphasize the importance of the word. We can never overemphasize the importance of the message. We can never overemphasize the importance of listening to Malachi 4:5. When you hear those things, when we say Malachi 4:5, it's because the word of the Lord came to a prophet and he wrote the prophecy down in scripture. And when you see prophecy being fulfilled, you know the hour that you're now living in. The fact that we can stand here as believers and know that we are living right now in the hour that Malachi 4:5 is already come. He sounded forth his message. He has revealed Christ, the unveiling of God, the invisible union. Oh, we have become in contact with Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. What an hour that we're now living in, church, that we can say these things where believers were probing for year after year, for thousands of years. They wanted to live in the hour that we're now living in. And there was prophecies laying in the book. Oh, Elijah must come. Elijah must come. And to think that we can stand here and say this day, this scripture is fulfilled. Hallelujah. This day, Malachi 4:5 has been fulfilled. This day, Luke 17:30 has been fulfilled. This day, Revelations 10 1-7, the mighty angel coming down. I am the bread of life. Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you will have no part in me. The whole church world was waiting for the hour that we're now living in. And and we can stand and say, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." Now, if you don't understand that, that's okay. Pray for revelation because when we say the message, it is the word made flesh. It is the word. It's the I am. It's the present tense God. It's the God of Isaiah 45. I am the Lord. And besides me, there's none else. Hey, there ain't no other word outside of this message. There ain't no other truth. There ain't no other doctrine. There ain't nothing that'll rapture your soul. Uh the Baptists, they're lost. The Methodists are lost. I'm talking about an organization. Yes, there's grace and there's mercy for the individual. But if you want to rescue them out of there, you better lift up the message. You better proclaim the message. You better say, "Come and see. We have found the Messiah." Hallelujah. That's what the word of the hour is to me. It's my Messiah. It's my bomb shelter. You can dig two miles deep. I don't care how far you dig. I'm already safe under the wings of Jehovah because the mighty angel has come down. And I'm in his presence. I'm walking with Jehovah. I am the Lord. Capital L. Capital O, capital R, capital D. I tell you, if this message ain't your Lord, what does Lord mean? Ownership. This message is the fullness of redemption. I have been bought with a price. Lady, you can't have me. debt. You can't have me. Mortgage, you ain't going to ruin my life. I don't need a fancy car. I don't need a fancy job. If God give me one, I pray for one and I'm glad to have it. But I tell you what, I got something else. I've already been bought with the price. My Lord, capital L O R D, is the revealed truth of the hour. And I'm walking with Jehovah. See, that's the problem. Some of us don't want the word to be our Lord. Oh, I see it. Because I know the effect it has on the believer's life, it changes the way you think, the way you act. See, when the word becomes your Lord, the prophet of God said the Holy Ghost has the same effect on every believer. You know, some of us allow our job to be our Lord. Some of us let our marriage be our Lord. Some of us let our culture be our Lord. Woo. We could stay there a while. I'll let somebody else do that. Some of us let our pride and our Some of us let our our our faults and failures, some of us let our trials be our Lord. I'm just You don't know. I've had such a hard time, Brother Gary. And you know, I I've been battling this sickness and you know, and I uh you know, I don't know if God's ever going to deliver me. Maybe it's just my cross to bear. And you know, and and my kids, they're doing this and you know, and I I haven't gotten a raise in a long time. What are you talking about? Is that is that trial your Lord? Sounds to me like you're lifting up your trial. But my Bible told me in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in a secret place. Hey, we are hidden in a secret place. Now, oh, if you go on further, right? So, he he's fishing and then the Lord takes him deeper. takes him deeper in the vision. And now all of a sudden he's in a field and there's a great big tent and there's all these people and up there on the platform there's this little room and that pillar of fire come down in the in that little room and he said that will be the third pool. It won't be a public show. I'll meet you in there. So and people what were they doing? They were coming out on the other side. They were happy. They were shouting. They were screaming. They were healed. They were delivered. Now, what happened in there? I don't know. Oh, glory to God. Maybe I can't exactly explain what happened to me. But all I know is I've been pulled. I've been drawn by the son of man. The revealing of the son of man has caught me. There's a hook in me. It's been pulling me and drawing me. And I am going in a rapture. I'm going to lift that up. I ain't going to lift up my trial. I ain't going to lift up my struggle. I ain't going to lift up the bad things that are you kidding me. I'm going to put that stuff under our feet and I'm going to lift up the revealed word of the hour. I'm going to lift up Jesus Christ. I'm going to lift up. Hey, I'm going in a rapture. Faith comes by hearing the word. Faith comes by hearing the word. Now, Y'all ain't got to tell me how to eat. I know how to do it. And I really know how to gain weight. You want to know how to gain weight? Eat. Eat things that taste good. Ain't that strange how that happens? I remember telling some brothers like, "Wouldn't that be awesome if it was like reversed?" Like, "Man, I got to eat three more pieces of fried chicken if I'm going to lose two pounds. I'm like, man, wouldn't that be cool? Be like, hey, I need two more servings of mashed potatoes and gravy. Go ahead and throw me on another another two chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes. Like, my You're really trying to lose some weight, aren't you? Yeah, I'm trying, you know, trying to slim down, man. Wouldn't that be awesome? Like, how many times did you eat today, man? I ate 10 times a day. Like, 12. Looking good. But no, you got to eat. If you want revelation, you got to eat, church. Maybe we could just stop right there. You have to feed on the message. If you want to go in a rapture, you got to eat because it's a rapturing faith. And faith is a revelation and faith comes by. You understand that if you want to go in a rapture, God provided a prophet by the name of William Brandham. We call him brother William Brandham because we've all been bought with a price of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ who is the head of the church who put a gift in our brother's life named William Brandham. He was born a prophet to bring a message just like Noah brought a message. I was having fun last night with Evan. He said, "Tell me more story about prophets, Dad." And so I that was fun. And I was telling him what a prophet is. God was going to judge the earth with water. There was only one boat that was going to float. And God called Noah to give the world a message. I'm sorry. You can try to debate it all you want, but God's provided way in the end time is the message that was brought to us by a vindicated prophet according to scripture. So God forbid we belittle and make these when we say Malachi 4:5, don't let that become some religious regurgitation of information. It's salvation. It's deliverance. It's my Lord. It's it's my Christ. It's my life. And I just want you to come in contact and and to catch the revelation because it's God's provided way. Well, brother Matthew, then how do I eat? I'm glad you asked, cuz we got a table full. Have you ever heard of the table? There's food in there. Spiritual food in due season. I was listening to uh spiritual food in due season. and and and and brother Brandham he's starting to preach that and he and he he and he he he takes uh uh Amos how there will be a famine in the land not a famine of bread but a famine for hearing the Lord and brother Random shows that's the hour that we're now living in and he takes his text uh for spiritual food in due season out of I think it's second kings where he's talking about Elijah maybe first kings coming to Ahab and saying look there ain't going to be another rain or drop of rain fall from the sky until I call for it and brother I want to type I want to now type that natural famine in that day with the famine that we're now living. Look, look, there is a famine for the word of God. There is a famine in the land. You cannot get fed at a Baptist church. You cannot get fed at a Lutheran church. And I hate to say it, in some so-called message churches, you can hardly get fed because they ain't got the right perspective. But I want to tell you there was a secret place that God had ordained for Elijah that he could go and that he could receive spiritual food. It was a secret place that nobody knew about. And brother said, "Thanks be to God. There is a secret place where we are feeding on the hidden things of God." Oh, you want to talk about a pool of the rapture? Get in there and eat. Get in there and listen. Get in there and feed. Listen to that anointed prophet. Listen to that anointed word. If you ain't got it in your language, get it in your language. It'll change you. It'll save you. It'll fill you. It'll get you into a rapturing condition. Hey, I feel the pull of the rapture. What is it? It is the son of man. Hallelujah. Well, we're we're just getting we're getting really right close to the time where people just really start feeling better. takes it takes a little time for us, you know, to start realizing, you know what, I do believe this. You know, I got excited about the ball game. You know, I got excited when I spent the little dial at work and and and I won an extra half hour for my break, you know. Woo! Yeah. You know, I mean, I tell you, I I mean, people, it's amazing the things that people will get excited about. I I'm I'm telling you what, it's amazing how people will lose their mind over some of the some of the most silliest things. They'll they'll get all excited and everything and my I don't know. I just don't know about it, but I know I say it a lot, but it's it's it's nice when you come in, you start getting washed by the water of the word and all the things of the world start falling off and and you start to realize, you know, my debt ain't that important. Uh my my my mortgage ain't as important and you know what, even my health, it ain't it ain't where I I wanted it to be. and maybe my back's really hurting me and and it's hard for me to come to service every time and and I'm in such pain I I barely get anything out of it. Oh, I prayed God, may the clouds just roll back a little bit and a little ray of sunlight shine down in your soul and say, you know what, regardless of how I feel, regardless of of my mortgage, regardless of my debt, regardless of my education, hey, I am going in a rapture. I am safe under the wings of Jehovah. I am in a secret place. And my God told me, hey, that'll be the third pull. I will meet you in there. Oh, I want to say if you're in there, he is there. And if you're in his presence, then I say, come, what will come, what may, I'm happy about it. Hey, I got my corner. I got my faith. If that same spirit that raised up Jesus Christ dwell in you, it will quicken your mortal body. Hey, I'm being quickened right now. He's quickening my thoughts. He's quickening my mind. He's quickening my actions. He's quickening me day by day. Why? because I'm living in his presence. Oh, I'm just happy to be in his presence. I'm happy to be feeding on the body word of the son of man. I'm happy to be living in the third pool. I'm happy because I'm in a secret place. Look at me like a deer in a mule gate. But I know what I'm talking about. Why? I have been rescued. I have been saved. I have been pulled into his presence. I'm being pulled into the rapture. Oh, I'm happy about it. Come on. Hallelujah. I don't know about you. I'll be happy for myself. I'll amen myself. I'll shout myself. I'll get happy cuz I know what I'm talking about. I am going in a rapture. Devil, you can't hold me. Sickness, you can't hold me. My flesh, it can't hold me. My pride, it can't hold me. My sickness, it can't hold me. My job, it can't hold me. My faults, they can't hold me. Hey devil, I'm going. Interruption. And you can't stop me. Oh, I'm feeling pretty good. I'm feeling really good right now. I'm ready to start preaching. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat this bread, he shall live forever. And the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." What? John, did you hear that? Peter, Thomas, quiet down. Yeah, but we're not even supposed to we can't even we're not supposed to eat unclean things. Nonetheless a human. Brother Brandham said Jesus when he started out he started healing the sick and afflicted. Oh, the great rabbi. He's a prophet. Everybody wanted him in his church. But when he sat down one day and said, "I and my father are one." That was different. That was different. And except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. While he's a vampire. That was different. He didn't explain it. They had already seen the manifestation, the vindication of the word of God for his age made real and proved to them that he was the messenger of that age. Are you hearing them? I said, "Are you hearing them?" Yeah, you can put it back 2,000 years ago. Let's fast forward. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Except eat the fle. He said uh he said the word of God of his age made real and proved to them that he was the messenger of that age. And he didn't have to explain nothing. Those disciples might not have been able to explain it, but they believed it. Whether they could explain it or not, thank you, Jesus. They sat right still and believed it. How could they tell if they was going to eat his flesh and drink his blood? Why? It is impossible for them to do it. But they believed it because they were ordained. Jesus said he chose them before the foundation of the world. See, they believed it whether they could explain it or not. They devil, you lost again. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I might not be able to explain it. I know you keep trying to make me feel little. I know you keep trying to make me feel small. I I know I can't tie it all together. And I might not be able to explain the three pools. And I can't take you from Genesis to Revelation. And And I don't know how my body's going to be changed. I don't know how I'm going to be healed. Brother Brandham was talking to a brother one time and he said he said uh uh uh he he said, "Brother Brandon, you you know how's God going to do it?" He said, "You want to know how God's going to do it?" Everybody get ready. He said, "I don't know." He says, "You mean to tell me there's something that's going to come down in the building that we can't see, that we can't explain, that'll heal your body, that will give you rapturing faith? How's he going to do it?" I don't know. I just know that he said it. And if he said it, I believe it. So, I'm going in a rapture. Hey, I It might be tomorrow. It might be tonight. But you know what? I got my corner. I'm going in a rapture. Hey, devil. I'm going in a rapture. I'm being pulled. Everything else is trying to pull you. Everything else is trying to pull you. Complexes, fears, false, failures. I'm going to hit it again. We got time. Brother Benham said that eating is actually partaking in a spiritual sense. Oh, oh, I am the bread of life. I am the hidden man. They said, you know, it's funny how Jesus, you know, he discerned the thoughts and intents of our heart. They go, they said, uh, our father gave us man in the wilderness. I love Jesus response. He said, Moses didn't give you that bread. Listen to who they were calling their father. Mo Moses didn't give you that bread, but my father which is in heaven. and I am that bread. And unless you eat the flesh of the son of man. Are you catching what's been made available to the church in the day in the hour that we're living in? The word has been made flesh so you can eat it. Hallelujah. The word has been made flesh so that the bride can feed on it. Oh, glory to God. It's a reality. Jesus said, but he answered and said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." Now, we just we're going to try to find a place to work towards. And but in John 5:24, Jesus said, "He that heareth my word." Yes. Now, Brother Brandon would pick that up and he'd say, "He that heareth, it's he that understandeth." And he would give the example and to show how two people could sit in a service and they could go out and you say that some drunker could have his arm around some girl and say, "Hey, did you hear the preacher?" Yeah, I heard the preacher. Both of them could sit there and hear the same word. Just like that one testimony, you know, hey, how'd you enjoy the service? I didn't like what he said. He called me a buzzard. He go, well, he called me an eagle. So we we we've laid a lot of things in there. But we wrote read that opening quote that the rapture is is a revelation. Faith is a revelation. So we we want to have the understanding, right? He that hearth my word, he that understandeth my word. I say I pray God give me understanding. L Lord give me a revelation. I want to know. I I want to recognize I want to recognize who I am. I want to recognize my purpose and my calling. I want to know your word. Right? If the prophet said, "Here's the secret." You know, just like Mary, here's the secret. The word is in the bride. She she has the mind of Christ. She knows what he wants done with the word. Well, that sounds like some a big challenge, but no, that's a promise to you to know that as you're feeding on the secret things of God, you are becoming one with the word. It's word coming to word. You are becoming that word. The word is becoming flesh in you. That's what he said. The word is becoming flesh and the flesh is becoming word. Oh my goodness. Do you see what's happening to you as you feed on the secret things of God as you have been laying in the presence of the sun and it's baking out all the droughts. It's not a public show. Look, the the whole world can't look in and see what's happening. But you are in the shikina glory. You are in the presence of almighty God. You are feeding on the secret things of God and the word is becoming flesh and the flesh is becoming word in you. So continuing on in why Christ speak he says for you see faith sees what God wants done. I hope this goes in faith doesn't look at present time. Faith doesn't see this there. Faith looks to see what God wants and it works accordingly. That's what faith does. It sees what God wants and what God wants done and faith operates through that. Saints, you can't operate through anything else. It will not please your Lord. You if you operate through the flesh, if you operate through anything else, there's only one thing that pleases God, and that's faith. It's impossible to please God without faith. And everything you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You got to do it by revelation. No man can call him Lord, but by Hallelujah. It has to be, it has to operate through that. Faith is long range vision. It doesn't lower its sight. It holds to the target. All right, we'll we'll try to maybe just be about 15 more minutes and we'll we'll try to close down. Faith sees what God wants done. It holds to the target. Many times that's our problems. We're getting our eyes off the target. We're up and down. We're in and out. We're on fire. We're not on fire. We're pushed to this side. We're pushed to that side. I'm not talking about having trials. Don't get that confused. You you you can be grieving a lost loved one. You could be going through a very hard trial. You could have lost a son or a daughter and God help you. But God God will be be a comfort to you. That doesn't depart from you. I don't ever interpret or let the devil try to tell you that you got to get victory over I mean uh God bless those that have lost dear loved ones that are close to them. God will use that suffering right unless we we can't reign unless we suffer. So if you can be encouraged in anything to know that that God has allowed this uh trial and but but it's not he he brother Rand said he would be the author of frustration if it didn't have any benefit. Right. But but it's that after you have suffered a while, you'll be like him. We learn obedience through the things that we suffer. And the scripture uh clearly shows that we we can't reign unless we suffer and characters of victory. We we got to go through hurts. We got to go through pains. And the only thing I can sometimes gather is to think that um you know, I don't want to invoke my family, but uh we have some family that's gone through unimaginable heartache. And I and I just think to think that God knew that they could hold the faith and go through that. I see think of what God how wonderful that I mean how oh how oh God he can he can allow a believer to go through the most traumatic trials. But he's put something inside of him that that'll come out on the other side pure as gold a and he'll have a testimony that regardless of the pain and the hurt, there was something else inside of me that was keeping me when I wanted to give in. When I wanted to throw in the towel, when I wanted to give it quits, there was something in me that was holding to the target, that was holding to the goal. If I shall suffer, I shall reign. We we could we could go through that because we we go through trials. We go through seasons. Churches go through seasons. Families go through seasons. Marriages go through seasons. People go through seasons. So, we're not talking about that. You can you can go through those hard times and those hard troubles and and we could take some time out, brother Brandon would talk about uh uh you know, the cloudy skies are are no sign that that God's against you and the sunny skies are are no sign that he's for you. He said, "How do we know that he loves us?" Because he said so. And the scripture says this as we're we're just working quickly. In uh Romans 8, he says, "Moreover, whom he did predestinate." We're we're talking about keeping our eye on the target. Whom he did predestinate them, he also called, and whom he called them, he also justified. And whom he justified them, he also glorified. What shall we say to these things? If God before us, who can be against us? Amen. It always comes back to the word. I I'm I'm wanting to try to maybe anchor you somewhere as we come to a close. It always comes back to the word. Peter, second Peter 1:4 said, "Whereby are given unto us exceedingly great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of divine nature, having escaped the corruption that's in the world through lust." Scripture says, "Be therefore perfect even as your heavenly." How are all these things? How could this be? Well, brother Brenham says this in the statue of a perfect man. He says the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us changes our nature by sending upon us the Holy Spirit. Then we become into divine nature of God. Then we become a dwelling place for God. Jesus said at that day you'll know that I am in the father and the father in me and I in you and you and me. See know how that God is in his church. The church is now supposed to be taking the place of Christ carrying on his ministry. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, and ye shall see me. For I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world. See, there it is, carrying out his work. Look, Satan's always trying to get you to question the word. Satan's always trying to get you to question your calling. Satan's always trying to cause confusion and cause doubt and cause frustration and fear. What is he trying to do? He's trying to get your eyes off the target. He's trying to get your eyes off thus sayith the Lord. He's trying to get your eyes off the message. I mean, we labored in invisible union. I mean, my when you start catching the revelation, well, start catch. Yeah, just start trying to catch it. It's eternal. But I mean, the things that's laying in there ought to be such a strength to the believer to think that he put the wedding band of predestination on your finger. So that when you showed up in this world with your first nature, as Paul would preach, oh, we we're going to get way too long. As Paul would preach in Romans 7, he said, "You got to be married to another, right? That first nature has to die." But God had already slipped the pre-wedding man of predestination on your finger. Your first me marriage wasn't even valid. He rigged it again. Satan got no claim on you. Oh my. Isn't it good? He's always trying to cause confusion. But the prophet of God, I want to just lay this in here now. Five more minutes. Is that okay? A few of you. Praise God. No true This is out of the SRA church age. No true believer is any stronger and spiritual healthy and alive than his knowledge of and adherence to the pure word of God. as seen by multitudes of example in the Old Testament. So if we're looking for a rapturing faith that can pull the church together and give us some supernatural strength, no church, what did he say? No believer is any stronger and spiritual healthy and alive than his knowledge of and inherence to the pure word of God. That's what our messenger of our day has brought the church is a pure word. In every other age, it's been a partial word, a partial truth being mixed with men's creeds and ideas. But we have received the unadulterated word fresh from the throne of heaven. We have received the word from Almighty God without filter. You don't have to wonder. We have received. But you're not stronger in spiritual healthy and alive as your knowledge and adherence to the pure word. And so we read this scripture last time. Philippians 4:13 says, I uh well, we know the scripture said, "I can do all things through Jesus Christ." But what I'm but what I'm working towards is how in Ephesians 6:16 it says above all taking the shield of faith wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. Now, I was watching uh some of the the news and here we know there's a great conflict going on in in uh with Israel, which has always been going on, but now it's escalated with with Iran and these these uh nuclear treaties and and all the stuff and oh my just to know the inworkings of everything that's going on. I mean, we we just hear what they want us to know, right? But but one thing we know that there's bombs being fired. I believe I was talking to brother Billy. He said they're they're firing a thousand rockets a day over there trying to overwhelm uh uh uh Israel and their their their defense systems. And and you know, I was just uh uh uh thinking of that as I I I I I watched that and and here, you know, they got uh uh they got like the sling of David and and and they they got the Iron Dome and and and as you watch that, you know, it it's it's pretty moving, you know, to to to there they're they're they're out there and they're they're watching the skies and and to think all of a sudden here comes thousands of missiles coming, but all of a sudden you'll see these missiles start firing up right out of the city like there there's there's rockets positioned throughout the CI civilization there in Tel Aviv where and all of a sudden there's designated areas and all of a sudden all of a sudden rockets are shooting up. You're like what what's happening? They're going to intercept. It's our protection. I it's our covering. Oh, it's the Iron Dome and you see it fly up and man they curve over. Boom. and and and hit this one. And and I say it's kind of it's moving, right? Because it's saving lives. Thousands of lives. But you know what? Some of them get through. Some of them get through and there's there's casualties and there's life lost. And I just thought about that, but you my Bible told me if I take the shield of faith It'll quench all all. That means ain't one getting through. We have received a message. We have received a revelation that not one missile can get through. Every attack of the devil, if you just lift up that shield of faith, it will stop every attack of the enemy. It will quench every fiery dart. And I'm trying to get your eyes back on the target. Many of us, we get discouraged. We We get run down. We make a mistake. We make a failure. And you know, we want I want another refilling. I want another baptism of the Holy Lift back up your shield. the musicians would come. Get your eyes back on the target. In the Pat's vision, he said, "Fear not. Don't be afraid. I am the first and the last. I am he that liveth." You know, if if that would be okay. Sister Julia here and Sister Haley and Sister Hannah and Sister Abigail, I really like that song special. That was a blessing to me. Would y'all be okay to sing that? Take me deeper, deeper into this message. Lord, deeper in love, Lord Jesus. Fear not. Don't be afraid. I am the first and the last. I am he that liveth and was dead. And behold, I am alive forever more. What is there to fear? The judgment that fell at him at the cross and at the grave. And when he descended was for us. He absorbed the full brunt of the wound of sin. And there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. See for assurityity, our attorney is our judge. He is both attorney and judge. As judge, the case is settled. It's finished. There is there now for an old condemnation to them. Why should the church fear? Faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence. I got an evidence. How many times are we looking for an answer that God has already given you? Yes, sir. How many times do people and and and I love the word of God because I I'll be very very quick. God is we we have a church body. If God anoints your faith to be prayed for, God will present the opportunity. If if if you need an altar, if you need prayer, uh God works through those things. That's wonderful. And God uses those things. And I just want to say that many times we're looking for an answer that God has already given. and and we'll just maybe if God would pick it up another time. That's where you move on. And why Christ speak? He starts to talk about Moses. Hear Moses. After all they've been through and after all that God's done. Well, what am I going to do? What am I going to do now? Are you kidding me? You are the vindicated prophet by signs and wonders. You just went down to Egypt with a stick in your hand and defeated Pharaoh and now you got a puddle of water in front of you and you're worried, right? And what did Brother Brandham say? He said, "You know what? I realize I've gotten that way." Well, if Brother Brandham got that way, if you can start playing it. What about us, church? It's the third pool. It's the pool of the rapture. Get your eyes off the things of this world. Get your eyes back on the target. He called you. If he called you, he already rigged this thing. Wedding band of predestination. Hookline of predestination. All he wants you to do is get your eyes on the word. Hey, I want to be your Lord. I I I took care of the problems. Let me be your Lord. Lord, don't come in there. Don't come in that room. I've been hurt. And it was somebody that believed this message. They were supposed to be a an example to me and they hurt me. That's why I can't give my all. I'm always up and down. I I took care of that. Just come to me. Let me be your Lord. That means ownership. That means I took care of those problems, faults, failures, complexes. You just let let that go. Come to me. You are predestinated. Yes. There's therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Don't worry about that. Get your eyes on the rapture. Get your eyes on the message. Like that corner. Let's start being happy and excited about the message. Go ahead. There is a longing only you can fill a raging tempest. Yes, Lord Jesus. Only you can still let God just deal with your heart now. My soul is thirst. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Take me deeper. Yes, Lord Jesus. Deeper in love with you. Help us, Lord. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Why don't you make that a prayer right now? Take me deeper. Take me deeper, Lord Jesus. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. [Music] Sunrise to I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. Have you found it? [Music] Why don't we all just worship together now? Yes, Lord Jesus. Take me deeper, oh God. Take me deeper, [Music] deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, just deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be. Is that your heart's desire? [Music] Take me deeper. Why don't you make that a prayer? Lord, I want to go deeper. I want to know you, Lord. Jesus, hold me close. I don't want to just hear the word. I want to know your word. Take me deeper. I want to understand deeper than I've ever [Music] [Applause] [Music] love and how I bear. Let's just sing that verse one again. Y'all just go ahead and join in. There is a longing only you can y'all. Just feel free to worship the Lord. A raging tempest that only you can still my soul is thirsting Lord to know you as I know. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your grace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. Amen. Thank you, sisters. Let's just try that together. Take me deeper, deeper in love. Let's all stand. Jesus, hold me close [Music] and grace. Oh, take me deeper. Oh, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. [Music] If we can sing Draw Me. Amen. Amen. Is that your heart's desire is to go deeper? Deeper in love with him. If you want to fall in love with him, if you want to get him know to know him more, brother Brandham talks about get to know one another. Get to know God's people. There's some incredible testimonies in our church at just sharing what God has done for one another can set your soul on fire. If you're having a hard time testifying at work or testifying at school, I'll listen. Brother Billy, will you listen? I want to know. You mean God done something for you? I love that stuff. Oh, I don't CNN, ESPN, Fox, that ain't going to help me go in rapture. What did God do for you? Well, I believe it. You believe that, Brother M? Yeah, he he'll he'll give you something right out of thin air. I believe it. You mean he protected you from a Hallelujah. That's the God we serve. What did our text say? Comfort ye one another with these words. I don't know how else to comfort you but tell you the message of the hour. I mean, we're we the Lord shall descend with a shout. Can you imagine? He wrote that was written over 2,000 years ago and said, "Comfort ye one another." And then now we're living in the manifestation of it. We've actually heard the shout and now the voice of the archangels coming in and and the bride is the voice to the the final age. And to think that you want to talk about a comfort, we're living in it. Amen. Let's just close out the service. Maybe I'll just say a quick word of prayer. We don't want to hold you too long. Lord Jesus, we are just so thankful that [Music] your word has come to us in the day and the hour that we're now living in. [Music] Lord, we maybe many times get excited and sometimes Lord, we allow the message to become common to us. Oh God, may it never become a religion in our thinking. We know the message cannot denominate. Sometimes Lord, we fight in the flesh and we allow things to become common and it just becomes a sane and we we lose the importance and the reality Lord. But as that song said, Lord, take me deeper. I want to be deeper in love with you in this message, Lord. Lord, renew a hunger in my heart for your word. Lord, I I think about how many times in a relationship when it first gets going, oh, you just can't wait to get on that phone. We can't make wait to make that call. And Lord, may we get that passion back in our heart for the message where I just can't wait to read my Bible. I can't wait to listen to the rest of that message. I can't wait to go to church. Lord, on this Father's Day, Lord, I pray you help me to be a better father. Lord, help me to be a better leader, a better example, and a better witness. Lord, and create a better atmosphere in the home. Lord, you're our heavenly father, and you've been a perfect example. And you've given us everything that we've ever had need of. You've provided for us time and time again, Lord. And to think now that we're living in the hour of the third revealed word where we're in a secret place, hidden on the secret things of God and that the world knows nothing about. But yet, Lord, we're safe from all harm. with a faith and a revelation of this rapture that's unfolding right before our very own eyes, Lord. It should bring such joy and such peace, but it also should create an urgency within our heart for lost souls, Lord, to get them in. We don't know in what day or what hour that final door will close, Lord, but it's soon. We know. We thank you for visiting with us, Father. Lord, may you just be our portion now as we go and as we sing a few songs in worship. We ask it in your name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Oh, and draw me. Draw the Lord and I'll come running after you. Oh, and draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, and troll me. [Music] Lord, I'll come running after you. I hope the people. God bless you. from me. From me, Lord. Oh, I come running after you. Oh, and you're alone. I need you. for your whole. [Music] Oh, and you alone are ally. Oh, I need in you. Is that your testimony this morning? Oh, just roll him. from it all. I'll come running after you [Music] brought me [Music] and I have already just one more time. All glory from it all. I can already from you. Oh, I'll come running after you. Hallelujah. Trials of this world they getting stronger. Oh, and the pole I felt was more than I could bear. Oh, I was on the verge. I'll give it over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me, giving me victory. always a reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan lay before me is temptation. faces I to steal away my face. Oh, but I found the rever this morning. Oh, and your strength I need to keep it is great. Something can shine in me every day. I see. Hallelujah. Help me be faithfully to overcome my [Music] giving me victory. Hallelujah. is a reality. Something keeps holding me. Is Jesus holding me? Oh, and Jesus keeps holding me. Every day I see. Oh faithful to my [Music] living victory is the reality. Jesus keeps calling me. I feel the poor. I hear the call. Oh, and I know his spirit. is me to be Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel singing as a prayer this morning. Oh, at night I lean back and I to [Music] my spot. [Music] that we are all explaining [Music] [Applause] [Music] my soul. Oh, cuz I feel the Oh, I feel the I hear the call. [Music] And I know his spirit is moving me to my own [Music] to [Music] Oh my go. [Music] Oh, and I wait to hear the word and bring his life praise. [Music] Oh, he was calling me to him. Hallelujah. Oh, there was a king [Music] to [Music] I know for sure that I wish I feel the I feel the I hear the call [Music] and I know His spirit moving me to my [Music] face to me and I [Music] know is I take control. I feel the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust the word spoke to you this morning. Amen. I trust something was deposited on your heart and that you can go out and hear stronger than the way you came. That's the way what the word does. When he's spoken and it's received by faith, it will produce the result. Amen. Amen. Brother Shiloh, if you could just come and dismiss us this morning. Amen. [Music] [Music] Let's pray. Lord, I thank you for the word that came forth this morning of God. How you challenge us to live closer to that image of a perfect man. Lord, let us take these words, Lord, from the service in our hearts, Lord, and aspire to live to them. Thank you for your many blessings, oh God. Lord, as we just commit the rest of of this day, Lord, going out from this service, Lord, to you, Lord. We keep you always in our hearts, Lord. We remember each one, every need, Lord, that you would minister to those needs in Jesus's precious and holy name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I don't know about you, I'll go home thinking about the rapture. Amen. I want rapture on my mind at all time as we heard this morning. Oh, I am thinking of the rapture and the blessed home or not. Oh, and [Applause] I gathering. I will raise the heavenly city in the sky. Oh, [Applause] I [Music] wonder. [Music] [Music] I will shout and I will sing. Oh, I never on the streets of God. No wonder I Oh my gosh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Oh, and when the redee [Music] saints will sing with some stories with the forces and I know the angel for the cannot join that song. Oh, I got to redeem. Oh, I got to redeem. Oh, and a sh and I will sing. I will shout and I will sing. Oh, I wonder I gather with him. and the savior worth to prepare the bed with wonderless. [Music] Oh, I got a redee. And the redeemed I got a ring. Oh, and watch that snow. I will shout and I will sing. Oh, wonder. I got a redee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music]
