################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - [2025-06-25wed] Tape 65-1206 Modern Events Are Made Clear By Prophecy   Christian Life Tabernacle - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   [2025-06-25wed] Tape: 65-1206 Modern Events Are Made Clear By Prophecy  | Christian Life Tabernacle
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Koi4eQTmzcY
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] are [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Do you feel Heat. Heat. [Music] And let's all stand and sing that tonight. [Music] I butterflies sells on the trouble sea. Ever there's a way that I sing. My heavenly father, he watches over me. Oh, and a wonder grace turns into a game. I know the master of the way. Oh yes, I know. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the way. Sometimes I sle in the sky among the peace my soul can be found. Oh and an unexpected stor may drive me from the heart. Oh it may bring me nobody will ever bring me. Hallelujah. I know the master round. Oh yes, I know the rain. Oh, he can calm the stor and make the sun to shine again. I know the master. Sing that second verse again. Oh, sometimes I saw like an eagle in the sky. Oh, I'm on the peaks my soul can be found. Oh, I expected stor me from the high. Oh, let him bring me. Nobody will ever bring. Hallelujah. Oh, I know the master of the ring. Oh yes, I know. the maker of the rain. Oh, and he can come the storm to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of glory. Hallelujah. Oh come the f of every place. Oh to my heart to sing th I pray. Oh streams of mercy ever ceases. Call for song love loudest pray. Oh, and teach me son, Lord, your son. Grant my spring upon. Oh, I praise the Lord. I'm fix upon it. Mount of me. Oh, and a year our praise come in early by thy grace help. Oh, and thy whole thy good pleasure safely to the father. Oh, and Jesus son is strange. Oh, I ran from the fold of God. Oh, he to you. He found angels into Moses precious. Oh, and on the table free from sin. Oh, I shall sing. Hallelujah. Oh, I call him. Oh my sh. Oh, I will sing now on praise. Oh, and come my Lord hunger. Oh, save the soul of me. Oh, and my name. Oh, now to carry me to ransom and death. Oh, and all thy grace a germ I call. Hallelujah. Oh, and let us like the feather. Oh, by my wondering heart. Oh, and prone to wonder. Lord I feel protecting the God I love. Oh he is my hallelujah. Oh I s I sing my last verse again. Oh, and all thank to all greater thy come strength. Oh, and let thy cess like a feather. Oh, by my wondering. Oh, I'm prone to wonder, Lord, I feel it. Oh, prone to the God of love. Oh, my heart. [Music] Is that your heart desire tonight? just have him come and seal your heart to him and Amen. that there may not be room for anything else. Amen. Just want to make an announcement about the youth meeting and it's this coming Friday. The venue has changed. It's going to be at brother Matthew's place and amen he's open up his home. He's certainly thankful for that. Also want to continue to remember sister Raquel for recovery and amen and those needs that we know in the body. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, just leave your hand after him then. Amen. Amen. Brother Jay, if you could just come and pray for the needs of brothers that are taking the offerings. If you could come. Amen. [Music] Let's pray. Lord, we just want to welcome you, Lord. And Lord, just the master of all circumstances, Lord, master of all, Lord, that we have need of, Lord. You are the provider, Lord. And Lord, you can meet any need anytime, anywhere, Lord. And Lord, we just ask for our hearts. And Lord, we just want to come and just give our hearts to you this evening, Lord, that you would take them, Lord. And Lord, just deposit your love and your grace and your mercy into it, Lord, that we can show up forth to others, Lord. And we just lift these needs before you, Lord. The the ones that are recovering from surgery, Lord, Sister Raquel, and just ask for a perfect healing recovery in her body, Lord. and strength to brother Jose and the family, Lord. Just ask for grace for the ones that are traveling, Lord. And Lord, upcoming youth camps, Lord, just ask your presence would be with them, Lord, and that you just draw hearts to you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just put the tithes and offerings in your hand, Lord. Ask you to bless them, Lord. And Lord, just use them as you feel fit, Lord. and just ask for your presence in this service tonight Lord that you'd have your perfect will and way and Lord that all things would just be made known to us Lord your promises Lord Lord each uplifted hand Lord you know the needs and the secrets of the heart Lord just pray that you would come and Lord just be amongst us Lord and speak to each one individually Lord Jesus just committed to you in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. May I have your seats? Amen. May let's sing that song. Take these hands and lift them up. Amen. Let's sing it at this time as we invite our pastor. Amen. [Music] Oh, and take this hand left. I have not the strength to praise you near enough. Oh, I have nothing. I have nothing more without you, Lord, and take powerful. Oh, pour it out. Oh, and let us sing the song of mercy I have found. Oh, I have nothing. I have nothing. Oh, without you. Oh, and all my soul is all your love. [Music] to cover me so all the world will see. Oh, and I have nothing. Oh, and without. Let's all stand and sing it as we invite our pastor tonight. Oh, and take my body. Oh, build it out. Oh, and lay me broken as the offering of the Lord. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing. Oh, without you. Take my time. Wait and take my time. Oh, what year on earth? Hallelujah. Oh, let it glorify all that you are worth. Oh, I am nothing. I am nothing. Oh, and without you. Oh, and all my soul is all your love to cover me. All the world will see I am nothing without you. Oh heavenly father, what a testimony that we could be so humble and so reliant on you that people could actually see that this person would be nothing if it wasn't for Jesus. They would see how that we looked to you and how we prayed over our food and prayed over our daily task and how we'd commit everything into your hand. And they could visibly see our light shining and see your grace ordering our footsteps. and they would stand back in amazement and say, "Oh, God must be taking care of this fella." Lord, I longed not to have that testimony, but to have that type of experience that the testimony would follow. We ask you to bless us tonight. Speak to our hearts. Father, I feel led this evening by your grace and your mercy and your spirit to point us in this direction. And Lord, I ask that you come and walk in your word. We ask it in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Lord bless you. If you have your Bibles, let's just turn real quick and we'll read a a quick portion of scripture found in Luke the uh 24th chapter in the 12th verse. And this is the story of the road to Emmas which I I believe many of you are uh fi very familiar with and uh it's a wonderful portion of scripture because it reveals so much. Yeah, it says here and the the women had just come back, you know, um to the apostles and reported to them that they went to the tomb and the tomb was uh empty. And listen to these scriptures. and their words seemed to them as idle tales and they believed them not. Then rose Peter and ran unto the suppler and stooping down, he behold the linen cloth laid by themselves, and departed wondering in himself at that which was come to pass. And behold, two of them went that same day to the village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem about three uh score furloins. And they walked together of all these and they talked together of all these things which had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near and went with them, but their eyes were holden that they should not know him. And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another as you walk and are sad? And one of them whose name was Cleopus answered and said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hath not known the things which are come to pass in these days?" You know, he was a stranger. Amen. But listen to the question. and and has not known these things which have come to pass in these days. And of course, Jesus then goes on and says, "What things?" And so, we're going to play 44 minutes. It's the end part of the message of uh modern events made clear by prophecy. in just 44 minutes. And if you can stay with that and we're going to start with the seventh verse and he says and uh the one verse 107 and and this is the same thing that Jesus did with the disciples. Now listen now quickly. Don't miss this. Now here is the text how Jesus made himself known to these two disciples that he was their Messiah. Now all eyes this way. Now the prophet of God is when he talks about modern events, he never refers to politics. He never refers to science. He never refers to who was elected and who wasn't elected. He only refers to things like the moral condition of the day. What was to be made manifest in this day. Now, as we listen to this, the part that I'm hoping that comes alive to you is the two factors. And this is in verse one 143. It says, "There's not one thing in the Christian has in his armor that's scientific. Do you know that love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith, Holy Ghost, everything is unseen by science. And that's the only thing that's real and lasting. Everything you look at that come from the earth goes back to the earth. Now listen to this statement. But the things that you can't see with your eyes but see it declare itself. That's the world of the eternal. And the prophet of God's laying out something here because our faith, when you look back 2,000 years ago, and you say Jesus Christ died on Calvary, your faith is in that history's correct. You believe what's being told you is true. George Washington crossed Delaware. Abraham Lincoln was the president. You have no evidence of that. But yet you believe it. You believe it is true. And because you believe it's true, your faith anchors there. That's one faith. But the faith that gives you power is the faith that you can see when something is made manifest. Now, right. And so he he he's going to end this sermon with if you believe this, if you believe this, if you believe this has come to pass, if you believe that come to pass, lay your hands over on one another. And if you truly believe it, it's finished. You'll get what you ask for. But I want you to understand where that he's looking for us to place our faith. And this is the same thing. Our path forward is to believe beyond a shadow of a doubt without question in our heart that this is the event that's made clear. This is what's been prophesied and this is what God's doing. Calling his bride out, separating her, bring her to the truth. I I really You believe this? You can go back and and listen. As brother Bram in the earlier parts of this message identifies several other ministries, he identifies the day. He identifies the time. But we're going to pick it up from here from 107. And I trust that that uh that you'll be blessed and and and when like I always thinks the best if he asks you to lay your hands on somebody, lay your hands on someone. He asks you to stand. Stand. Enter in to the tape and you'll receive the benefits of it. There's really something uh powerful here this evening. And I wish I had the words to get it across to you, but no one can get it across like the author. Amen. How many believe it's the author that'll speak that right? Lord richly bless you tonight. Father, bless our service tonight. 44 minutes. Father, we'll be out in about 1 hour. So, may we be steadfast and hold true with our hearts dedicated to hearing and asking you to speak to us that something unfolds to us and that our faith will become strong. For without it, Father, there's no way that we can please you. Without that rapturing faith, there's no way we can transform. We ask you to bless us now in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Now notice now quickly now don't miss this. Now here's the text how Jesus made himself known to these two disciples that he was their Messiah. Now all eyes this way and out in the land. Don't miss this. Now we've tried to tell you that the Bible is the word of God wrote by God himself through the lips and instrumentality of man. God can write himself. God can speak himself. God can do what he wants to. But he chose man to do it because the man that wrote it is part of God. So God wrote the Bible. The man didn't even know what they were writing in their own human thinking. They might disagree with it, but they wrote it. They couldn't. The Bible said, "Man of old, as they was moved by the Holy Ghost, God moved their hands, move their eyes into visions, they could say nothing but what they were looking at. They could speak nothing because he had full control of tongue, finger, every organ of the body was in full sway with God. No wonder the Bible said they were God's. They were a part of God. He was the fullness of God. Notice how Jesus the word made these two heartbroken disciples know he was their Messiah. The Messiah, the promised word. Notice what he done. He appealed to prophecy. Notice fools slow to believe all that the prophets wrote. Now he never said, "Oh, what what did the church say about it?" They had given the story. They know all the events that happened. They was all sad. They began to tell him, "Are you just a stranger here? or you don't know what's happened in Jerusalem. He said, "What things?" Like he didn't know. See, he does things sometimes to see what you'll do about it. Said, "What things? Who was it? What's happened? Are you just a stranger?" And talking right to the man that lived with for three and a half years and didn't know him. What things? What happened? Well, they said Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet, no doubt in our mind, he was mighty in word indeed before all the people. We've seen him do things that he was identified the prophet of God for this age. We know that. And we believe that he would be the redeemer, that he would redeem Israel. Then he turns and said, "You fools slow of heart to believe that all that the prophets said about him wouldn't come to pass." Watch him now. Go back to prophecy. What a rebuke for believers. Claim they believe him. Notice how he approached the subject. He never come right out and said, "I am your Messiah." He could have done it or he was. But notice, he identified himself in the word. Then they would know. If he'd have said it, he could have said that and it wouldn't have been so. But when he went and begin to speak on all the prophets said about him and they seen it, then they could tell themselves if they were God's children. but called their attention to what the prophets had foretold and said to look for in the time that the Messiah his age would be manifested. He as John let the word the Bible identify their message. any true prophet would do it. He didn't come out and say I'm he I'm that's not a true prophet. But he said go back in the scriptures. See he never fails his way of doing it. See he said uh we know Moses. He said if you would have known Moses you'd know me. He said Moses wrote on me. Said search the scripture in them you think you have eternal life and the scripture is what testifies of me. Go and look in the scripture and see it here. He never changes his way of doing it. Never has changed. He never can change because he's unchanging God. See, notice he went right back to these two disciples, Cleopus and his friend on the road to Emmas and said, "Appeal to the scriptures to him." Said, "Why are you so foolish to not to believe that every word the prophets wrote concerning Messiah would have to be fulfilled?" Oh, what a day. John did the same thing. Search the scriptures. Look back. Said there be a voice of one crying in the wilderness. Where did it come from? That's that should have made it plain to him, right? It should make it plain today. The thing that we see the Holy Spirit doing, he once said, "Search the scriptures." And we he wants us to do it today. Notice he began with Moses prophecy. The Bible says he beginning with Moses and all of the prophets. But he started with Moses, a prophet, said Moses, the Lord your God shall raise up among you people, among the people. The Lord God shall raise up a prophet. Now you might have said Cleopius and you're praying here did not Moses say that in these days the Lord God would raise up a prophet and this man that they crucified. Did he meet that qualification? Now Moses prophesied this and now you haven't had a prophet for hundreds and hundreds of years. And here this man raised up. And what was this man's forerunner? Did you say? Did it? And all the prophets said about him for his age. He spoke to him. It sure would have been interesting to listen at him. Wouldn't you like to heard him? I like to heard him to hear him what he said that the prophet said about himself. But he never said it was him. He just showed him a prophecy. He just said the prophet said this had happened. See, let's just go back a few minutes and now let's listen to the words quoted by himself. Watch here. The word itself quoting the word of himself. The word itself quoting the word of himself. Not telling that he was that, but just let the word speak for itself. And they know who he was. The letter of the word quoting the word in the word in flesh quoting the word of the letter being fully identified with himself. Look here. Now let's listen to him quote. How now we know that they were all brief of the late happenings that is of the crucifixion and of the story of the resurrection of the tomb as we just read. Now he goes straight to the word of prophecy about himself. Now let's just think that he said this. He said a lot more than this. But what let's say him hear him say, "Turn over to Zechariah 11 and 12." And wasn't the Messiah to be sold according to the prophet for 30 pieces of silver? You just said that this man was sold for 30 pieces of silver. Turn over. You get them scriptures. Zechariah 11:12. And then he said, did you notice what David said in the Psalms? Psalm 4:19, he was be betrayed by his friends. And then again in Zechariah 13:7, he was forsaken by his disciples. And in Psalms 35:11, accused by false witnesses. You just said he was. Isaiah 53:7, he was dumb before his accusers. Isaiah 50 and6 they scorged him. The prophet said Psalms 22 he was to cry on the cross my God my God why has thou forsaken me? Did he do that day before yesterday afternoon? Psalms 22 again 18 his garments was parted among them. Did they do that? And Psalms 22:78 mocked by his enemies, the church. Psalms 22 again, there was not a bone in his body to be broke, but they pierced my hands and my feet. He said, holding his hands behind him, no doubt the time. Isaiah 53:12 said he would die between malifactors. Isaiah 53:9 said he was buried with the rich. Psalm 16:10 said, "I will not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption." And was not Malachi 3, the forerunner of this man? Oh, I like you heard him quote that. Look at the prophecies. Notice then all the types he might have went through about Isaac in Genesis 22. How God foreshadowed Isaac, how father Abraham took his own son, packing the wood up the hill and offered up his own son. It was now beginning to soak into him. You done told them they were fools for not looking at the prophecy for that day. And now begin to soak in, begin to see the fulfilling of all this that had taken place in the last few days, in the last two or three years. The vindicated prophecy of the age. It was then that they knew that their crucified friend Jesus had fulfilled every word of this. Oh, it was then that they know that that man truly was that Messiah, that that he should raise from the dead. The grave couldn't hold him. I will not suffer my holy one to see corruption. There's not one word of prophecy can ever fail. And he did raise and that messengers down at the tomb this morning was right. He is risen from the dead. He is alive. He is that Messiah. Why? Don't feel it. His action, his ministry, and everything he's done has been vindicated. Exactly the words that the prophet said would take place for this day. That's done it. Then they know that it was him, their crucified friend Jesus, that had done it. No wonder their hearts burned within them as he talked to them. Now they'd walked six miles and it seemed like a short time. And here's another thing they had done. You know, they'd heard a six-hour sermon on prophecy being vindicated. That's what he talked to him along the road. Just soon as they started down the road, he stepped out for right there at Jerusalem. Six hours later later 64 long they was right down the road six miles to Emmas that's what it is and he had preached confirmed prophecy for six hours don't condemn me on my three then see but notice they had preached they had heard a six-hour sermon on prophecy being confirmed vindicated was getting along towards evening time you know he's the same yesterday day and forever it was and that he opened their eyes to know if Hebrews 13:8, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever at the evening time. Events are made clear by the prophecy. what's taking place in the modern hour can be easily identified if you'll just believe the prophecy of the hour. Yes. Fools slow of understanding, slow to believe. You keep pondering over it to believe that all the prophets said about the Messiah, wouldn't it have to happen? Now, he checked these points all back and showed what the prophet said that would happen. Then they begin to understand. So he said, uh, act like he's going to go on by. They like this man. They said, you you give us something. We never thought that he is alive somewhere is talking to him. Didn't know it. So he no doubt he looked at him sadly and he started to walk on by. But he is waiting for them to invite him. That's what he's waiting tonight. For you to invite him. Notice when those disciples invited him in to their fellowship around the table, it was then that he'd done something just like he did before his crucifixion. And their eyes come open. They noted his manner, his style. They know what he done. And he did it then just like he did before. And they said, "That's him." Amen. And quickly they raised up to scream it out and he vanished. Worried. It took six hours to listen to this sermon, maybe 20 minutes. They were lightfooted back to tell the rest of them, "He's risen indeed. He is really alive." Friends, this is the fulfillment of Malachi 4, St. Luke 17, St. John 15. Oh, so many Revelations 10. So many prophecies that can be pinned exactly to this day and also in the book of Mark and in Matthew where he said these great signs and wonders would appear in the sky and people call them saucers. Flying saucers can can vanish with the power and quickness of a thought. Intelligence that can move in. He can write, he can speak, he can do whatever he wants to. The great pillar of fire, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And sights coming up on the earth, pyramids of smoke rising into the air way above where they cannot be, no humidity or nothing. 30 miles high. Amen. Predicted a year and a half before it happened that it would be that way. Then turn the picture and see who it is looking down. Not one word has ever failed that's been told. And here's God's written word confirming it's the truth. And it's evening time again. I wonder if he would return by grace tonight and do something now like he done back there. Let's pray and ask him. events made clear by vindicated prophecy. God Almighty, help us. Help us, dear God, to understand to understand the things that we should know. Understand thy word. And now, Lord, we have heard sermons now for nearly 2,000 years, writings of books, and in this last days here, it slipped right back again. And now it's towards evening time. The Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, and many of them down through the ages talk with you. Maybe just along the way of this great day that hasn't been either night or day as the prophet said, but in the evening time it'll be like Jesus rose from the tomb and appeared to Simon to the women and showed them that he was alive. That was the morning and then in evening he come back again. But he did walk to them through the day rebuking them for their blindness. But then he made himself known to them in the evening time. God come into our fellowship tonight that we have around the word. God is so scarcely believed today amongst the peoples. But I'm thankful that there is some that you have called and ordained them to eternal life. And you said all that the father has given me will come. Now, while the evening lights are shining, while you have permitted, Lord, that not one prophecy out of the hundreds that went forth has ever failed one time. Then truly, if that identifies, it has to be you. Cause no person could be that accurate. Just like the Bible, no man could write. No one in the space of 1600 years by four, 40 different writers could write. and not one era be in it. Dear God, I pray that you will manifest yourself tonight of Hebrews 13:8 that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the works that you did then, you do today. And you promised it. You said in this last days when the world is setting like Sodom and Gomorrah perversion, we look at these boys just so much like girls wearing clothes like them and and see the girls trying to act like boys and see the women and men in this perverted age. See sex appeal has become a a idol of worship. The gospel has been pushed out to one side and nakedness in the Lady of Caia church. Oh God, what an hour. Come Lord Jesus, make yourself known to us. Why we asked it in Jesus' name. Now while you have your heads bound, your eyes closed, I'm going to ask you something. You believe that God is here. You believe that the things it's doing today is prophecy fulfilled. You believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. You believe when he was sure manifest in the flesh for that day and the works that he done there was to be repeated again in this day. The prophets said so. The Bible said so. All scripture must be fulfilled. It cannot fail. How did he identify himself? By being that prophet that Moses spoke of. Know the secrets of the hearts of the people. The woman touched his garment. He turned and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." When Simon Peter come up to him, he knowed his name, told him who he was, who his father was. That same lovely Jesus is not dead. He's alive forever more. Praise be to God. And I believe in this evening time now, he's called us together again. Oh Lord Jesus, come among us. Don't pass us by. Come stay all night with us till this night is over. Then let us go with you tomorrow. We might know you in the power of your resurrection. That your love and grace and mercy might be with us. Oh eternal God, grant these things. We know that only God alone can grant them the solemnness of this hour. Let us say this, God our father, our flesh is a poor tabernacle for you. But Lord, let your sanctifying grace, your holy spirit come now. Cleanse us from every doubt and ever flusteration. every suspicion and every line of skepticism that would be in us that we might be free without one doubt. Come out, confess boldly like Peter, thou art the Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. We believe that thy word is truth. Lord, let us just see before we start this prayer line, Lord, and make yourself known to us. As you said, as it was in the days of Lot when Abraham, that called out group waiting for a promised son, Lot was down there. You're in a modern Billy Graham and an or Roberts to that denominational setup down there as a nation. But Abraham was a souljourner without any organization. just this little group wandering about through the land that he was to heir and the meek shall inherit the earth. One day under the shade tree while they were sitting resting, God came down in a form of a man. Two angels went down into Sodom and God in human flesh proved that he was he said,"Abraham, where is thy wife Sarah?" A few days before that, he was Abram. And s a r a Sarah, not Sarah, prince. And you called her by her prince's name, the daughter of a king. You called Abraham by his name, Abraham, a father of nations. And you said, I am going to visit you. God, how that prophet's heart must have jumped. He knowed who you was right then. No wonder he washed your feet, brought out all the food that he had in the very best, laid it before you. He knew that was God there. Then he said, "Where is Sarah?" As if he didn't know. And you, Abraham, said to him, "He's in the tent. She's in the tent behind you." And you said what was going to happen? And she in her heart doubted it. And then you you said to Abraham, "Why did Sarah doubt that? Saying in her heart, these things can't be. Is anything too hard for God?" Oh, God. Jesus manifested God of the word. You said as it was in the days of Sodom, the world would be in that condition just before the destruction of the gentile world, the gentile dispensation. Here we are, Sodommites to the core. And then you said that the son of man, which is always referred to as a prophet, would be revealed in that hour. Fulfill thy words, oh God. We your believing children wait with sincere hearts to give us faith. Lord, that when we have the prayer line, the people will believe. It's evening time. Father, let the evening lights of the son of God, he that was and which is and shall come, manifest himself by the prophecy that he's made in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I am now ready to to pray for the sick. But it's a strange thing how that when we stand here I stand here now making a challenge to the public and hooked up across the nation that God still is God. He cannot fail. And what he promises that he'll do, he'll never fail to do it. For he promised to do it. Therefore, I can place solemn confidence in what he said. Therefore, I look for his coming. I look for him to appear at any time. because he said in an hour that you think not, the world thinks not. Then he'll appear. Now, so far as I know, I'm in my tabernacle here. And there's a few people sitting here that I I do know, brother, right? A few of these sitting here that right along here I do know, but there's many of you I do not know. And I have no way of saying that God will do this tonight. We have seen him do it for the past years and years, but he might not do it tonight. I don't know. That's up to him. He's sovereign. He does what he wishes to. No one can tell him what to do. He abides alone in his will and his ways. But because that he promised it, I'm asking him to do it. Not for our sake that we need it, but maybe for some stranger's sake that the Holy Spirit might be anointed. Now, anointing upon us. Now, no matter how much he anoints me, he's got to anoint you, too. Certainly, to believe. Now, I want to have a prayer line, and I want to pray for the sick as much as I can. Now, we can either have a line to call the people and bring them up here, a prayer line, and pray for everybody here that's sick. I suppose have my minister brothers to come here with us and lay hands up on you. We can sure do that. Or either we can ask our father, who is the only one that could do anything for you because my hands are just a man like you, man. But the thing of it is it isn't the human hand that does it. It's the word of God. Faith in that word is what does it. No scientific thing about it's all together unscientific. There's not one thing the Christian has in his armor that's scientific. Do you know that? love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith, Holy Ghost. Everything is unseen by science. And that's the only thing that's real and lasting. Everything you look at come from the earth and goes back to the earth. But the things that you can't see with your eye, but see it declare itself, that's the world of eternal. Would you believe if God would manifest himself and show that he is here alive doing the same things that he did at the beginning after this message, would you accept it as your healing? May God grant it. Now, I'm asking anybody in the house, no matter who you are or where you're from, I'm asking you just to solemnly believe this message to be the truth. That is the message that God has in his Bible for this hour. That Jesus Christ is sure tonight and is a lie. Now, nearly all you people know of me, I'm right here in a town where it's raised up. I don't even have a grammar school education. That's exactly true. And you've known me long enough. I hope I've lived before to show you that I'm honest and sincere. I'm not a hypocrite. Even my critics don't say that. They they say you're you're not a hypocrite, but you're just simply wrong. You're just ignorantly wrong. Not willfully. I don't think that I'm ignorantly wrong because the word of God testifies of my message. It should tell you who it is. Yes. And you clearly hear me say it isn't me. So then it has to be him. Is that right? Have faith in God. Then look this away and you believe God. If you can believe God, God will grant to you. If he can do that like he did before, then he's still God. You believe that? You believe it? Lady sitting here before me looking at me, tears in her eyes, sincerely. I don't know who she is. ever seen her? I'm a stranger to you. You think God knows the secret of your heart, your desires or your sin or whatever it is. You think he knows? You think he could reveal to me what your sin is, what you've done, what you ought not have done, or your desire, whatever it is, if he had do it, would it make you believe him? Know that it has to be him? Would you accept it as him? It's not your sin that's bothering you. You've confessed that, but you're wanting the baptism of his Holy Spirit. You shall receive it. I see it move down across her. That you might know that I was looking at the woman. She's looking at me. I want to show you the Holy Spirit. Look here. right over this little woman sitting here down beneath my feet here. When I said that, that's the same thing she wants is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You believe it, you will receive it. Sister, raise up your hand. I have never seen the woman in my life knowing. See this man sitting here with his head down, sitting right there at his collar misfitting him and so forth. He suffered with a bladder trouble. You believe that God will make you well? Raise up your hand if you'll accept it. All right. God grant you your request. This young man sitting right here wanting the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You believe God will give it to you, sir, with your white string tie hanging back. God will grant it. This man here is praying for his wife. She's in an institution. You believe that God will heal her, make her well. You believe it, you can have it with your hand up to your throat. You believe that God can heal that heart condition that's bothering you, that stomach trouble that you have. You're sitting there suffering right now. Is that right? You believe he heals you and you can have it. Amen. You see, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Ask those people. See if I know them. I don't, but he does. Amen. See that light on the side of the waller hanging right down over a man sitting there? He's suffering with a spinal condition in his back. He's not from here. He's from Georgia. Mr. Duncan, believe with all your heart. God will heal that back trouble. You believe with all your heart. God bless you. There's a man sitting way back here with back trouble looking at me. I don't know him, but it's Mr. Thompson. You believe? Raise up, sir, back there. Lord, I'm a stranger to you. That's right. But you're sitting there praying. Your back troubles heal now. Jesus Christ makes you well. It shall be light just about the evening time. Don't you see? He's here tonight. He's a great I am. He's the same yesterday and forever. Do you believe it? Are you satisfied and convinced that this is Jesus Christ making himself known, identifying himself in prophecy? Don't worry about the eye. God heals the sick and the afflicted. How many people How many's in your sick? Let's see your hands. Just seems like it's such a pull and a strain. Have any of you people got prayer cards? I don't know how I'd get you through here. I want to pray for you and I don't know how to do it. You see what? Look at the wall. How am I going to get them in there? Why? If you get one out of jail, you got the other blocked right there. Everybody stop still. Listen. Hear me. Have I ever told you anything in the name of the Lord? But what come to pass? Is that right? Everything has always been right. I've never asked you for one penny of money in my life, have I? Not one time. Never took an offering in my life. I'm not here for money. I'm not here to deceive you. I'm here to manifest God's word of the hour. I've told you the truth, and God has testified that it is the truth. Now I tell you, thus saith the scriptures, that if the believer lays his hands upon the sick, Jesus said, they shall recover. Do you believe that? Then in the presence of God, don't you believe he'll do it right now? Now, put your hands on one another and just hold it there for a minute. Now don't don't pray. Just put your hands on one another out there in the land. And me myself, I'm laying myself over these handkerches. Now I want you to look at me just a minute. What has God left undone? Look how he's what the word that we have read the prophecies that we have told that Jesus identified himself by the prophecies. Now look at the hour and these last three weeks where we have placed the hour that we're living. Look at what we have read. How about the false prophets and almost signs that would deceive the elected. How the word has been manifested. How the God of this age has blinded the li hearts of the people. And how the God himself has said through his prophecies that these things would take place in this Leosa age. There's nothing left undone. God is sure just the same God that talked to those people on Emmas that identified himself by the prophecies that was foretold of him. He's here tonight identifying his presence by the prophecies foretold for this age. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can you believe it? Then lay your hands upon one another. Don't pray for yourself, but in your own way pray for that person that you got your hands on because they are praying for you. Now look, don't doubt. And I if you could see what I'm looking at, you know, I wouldn't lie to you stand here. If you could see and your faith could draw that great holy spirit that sailed yonder in the air that science has took pictures of and see it moving through this building just trying to find a place to to land trying to find an anchor place only believe it my brother he's identified it by scripture and so forth that it's right now pray a sincerity for that person you got your hands on. They're praying for you, dear Jesus of Nazareth. While we are conscious, Lord, by the word that you're here, by the promise that you're here. Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst of them. And these signs will follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover out over the waves of this telephone. May the great Holy Spirit go into every congregation. May the same holy light that we look at right here in the church, may it fall upon each and everyone and may they be healed at this time. We rebuke the enemy, the devil in the presence of Christ. We say to the enemy that he is defeated by the the vicarious sufferings, the death of the Lord Jesus and the triumph resurrection on the third day and his proven evidence that he's here among us tonight alive after 1900 years. Let the spirit of the living God fill every heart with faith and power and healing virtue from the resurrection of Jesus Christ who is identified now by this great light circling the church in his presence in the name of Jesus Christ. Grant for the glory of God. May these handkerches that we pray over, may they go to the sick and the afflicted that they're attended to, may the same Holy Spirit that's here now identifying himself, identify himself on every patient that these is laid upon. May the presence of God so fill their heart with faith until the sickness of their body will be healed. This we ask for the glory of God in the presence of Jesus Christ and in the name of Jesus Christ as we the servants of Jesus Christ asked it. Amen. Amen. Now from your hearts, I don't care what was wrong with you. Can you from your heart believe with all your heart that the word of God has granted you your request? I believe that every hand as I could see went up. If you believe it, now remember it is finished. You out there on the telephone wires. If you have believed with all your heart as the ministers are laying hands up on you and the loved ones laying hands up on you, if you believe with all your heart that it's finished, it's finished. The great Holy Spirit is here in the tabernacle tonight. I seen him move over the people. Showed himself over here on the side of a wall and went down upon a man. Come down here and up through the building making known the secrets of the hearts. The identification of his presence to show that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is in our midst. He's God, the never failing God. And did not our hearts burn within us? And does not it burn now to know that we are now in the presence of the resurrected Jesus Christ. To whom be glory and praise forever more, who is in the express image of the Almighty Jehovah, who sailed down in a form of a pillar of fire in a burning bush to attract the attention of a prophet, who had descended upon the mountain, and anyone that even touched it was to be killed besides Moses and Joshua. How did it was that he led the children of Israel through the wilderness in their journey as a type of the calledout people today. Here he is by scientific research even identified himself before science and by his very actions and by his very prophecy. The things that's prophesied of him to do in this day to make him the same yesterday, today and forever has been perfectly vindicated. Isn't it enough to make our hearts burn within us? God bless you. Now with one accord, let's stand and say, I now accept Jesus Christ as savior and healer and by his grace from this hour henceforth this hour. Oh God, Oh God, let no unbelief Let no unbelief ever enter my heart ever enter my heart. For I have seen For I have seen the prophecy the prophecy of this day of this day fulfilled fulfilled. I believe I believe that Jesus Christ that Jesus Christ is alive is alive. And here now and here now confirming his word confirming his word of this hour of this hour. The prophecies The prophecies that was written of him that was written of him has now been fulfilled in our midst. has now been fulfilled in our midst. He is my savior. He is my God. My God. My king. My king. My all and all. My all and all. [Applause] I just hope that somehow that the great revelation of faith and where faith is placed faith final resting place is the word of God. And he let's read this one quote again friends this is the fulfillment of Malachi 4 St. Luke 17 St. John 15 and oh so many Revelations 10:7 so many prophecies that can be pinned exactly to this day and also the book of Mark and in Matthew where he said these great signs and wonders would appear in the sky and people call them saucers. Flying saucers can vanish with power and quickness of a thought. intellect that can move in. He can write. He can speak. He can do whatever he wants. The great pillar of fire, the same yesterday, ever. The signs coming up of the earth. Pyramid of smoke rising into the air way above where there cannot be no humidity or nothing. 30 miles high. Predicted a year and a half before it happened that it would be that way. Then turn the picture and see who's looking down. Not one word has ever failed that's been told. And here is God's written word confirming its truth. And it's evening time again. I wonder if he would return by grace tonight and do something now he done back there. Let us ask him. Events made clear by prophecy. And then as you begin to see him un unfold and and preach, he comes back, if I could find it here, and he he makes a he makes so many wonderful statements about how that God's resting place is the word of God for this day. And and so so many times we try to get everybody to look back 2,000 years and place their faith on something that happened 2,000 years ago. And that's faith in the history of what he did then. But the the faith that gives us power is the faith that allows us to see him in the day that we're living. Amen. To see him in the prophecies that were spoken of for our day. All the world out there believes the prophecies for another day. But he made this statement. When you believe this message, this is how that you know you're the child of God. That's right. And that we we've got to have faith. Now, no matter how much he anoints me, the prophet of God said, he's got to anoint you in perfect faith. He says, you've got to know that you are a believer. Amen. And that what you're believing in is true. Right? And this is what he's trying to point out to us. The power of our faith is believing what God is doing now. And we could go from that and he asked us, do you believe that? Do you believe that the prophecies were fulfilled to this day? Do you believe it with all your heart? Not because your husband believed it. Not because your marriage has gone that way. Not because you're raised in church. If you can believe it because it's been made known to you and you know it's absolutely the truth. Prophecy fulfilled. Every believer for every age had to believe the prophecy for that age. Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Flesh and blood didn't reveal this to you, but my father which is in heaven has revealed to this. Upon this rock I'll build my church. And now he comes in this day, does the same thing and looks to us. He says, I've challenged you. Do you believe that this in this day was none other than Jesus Christ himself veiled in the ministry of a prophet doing the same thing. If you have faith in that, then you have faith in the word for the hour and you receive the power that comes and the anointing that comes with that hour. And I just trust that it's a blessing. Now, I believe with all my heart I I was in service and brother Bram said, "If you believe this and you lay your hands on the person you're praying for and you believe it, you'll get what you asked for." And I I've been praying for this for years because I believed it in all my heart. I've I've gotten so tired of having somebody come up for prayer and me telling them if you believe if you believe. But in this tape he said if I believe if I believe the word of God for the hour. If I believe these prophecies have come to pass, if I believe this is the truth, unadulterated truth. If I believe it was Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever, declaring himself in things unseen, the the the the world of the supernatural, if I believe it, I can have what I asked for. And then if the love and humility of God is there where I wouldn't ask for myself that it would be consumed upon my own lust that I could pray based on what God has revealed to me and have what I asked for. I hope that settles in. church is burning within me that and I'll preach on that Sunday. I believe that that's the quickening power that God is going to give this church. Amen. Do you love him tonight? Do you believe you got what you asked for? Let us bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a wonderful message. What a wonderful revelation. Father, may that revelation grow in each of us, Father. May it sink in. I I loved how our prophet said. He said, "It begin to soak in." Father, sometimes it takes a six-hour sermon for it to soak in. Father, may it start soaking in where our faith lies in this day. The faith of the believer in this d day lies in the fulfillment of the prophecy for this day. Oh God, may it soak in. May it produce life. May it produce understanding. May it produce a power in a church with character that doesn't want these great things that they might consume it upon their own lives, Father, but they would want it for others, Father. as you said, let this mind be in you that was in Christ Jesus that we look upon every other's needs greater than ourselves, Father, and that that real love would be shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit. We ask you to bless us now this evening as we have brother Billy come to sing a song of dismissal and praise. Father, may the people go from here knowing that their what they've asked for is done not by feeling, not by anointing, but by the word of God. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, brother Billy. Dismiss of the song in prayer, please. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my ally. Oh. [Music] Oh, seeking you as a precious Jew. I want the Holy Ghost to all you, oh my. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh lamb of God. Oh worthy [Music] your name. Oh Jesus. [Music] Lamb of God. You're worthy [Music] your name. Oh, and take him. I sing my cross. Hallelujah. And I bless your name. Oh, you are my ally. Oh. [Music] Oh. And when I fall down, you lift me up. Oh, when I am dry, you fill my cup. Oh, you are my only. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Oh worthy your name. Oh Jesus our God. Oh worthy your name. taking my cross. Oh, and they're taking my across my shame. Oh, I did a king. I bless your name. Oh, you are my ally. Oh, and when I fall down, you lift me up. Here I am. You feel my cup. Oh, you are my heart. Oh Jesus, you lamb of God. Oh worthy your name. Oh Jesus. Lamb of God. Oh worthy. [Music] I wish you were dismissed. Oh my Lord, I come. I confess baring you. I find my rest. Oh, when without you I'll fall. Oh, when you're the one that guides my heart. Oh Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you. Every [Music] faith, oh my rightousness, oh God, how I need you. Where sin runs deep in your grace no. Oh grace is fine. Oh is the where you are. Oh where you are. Lord I am free and a holy name. Oh is Christ in me. Oh Lord I need you. Oh I need you. Oh my. Oh my god. Oh, and my rightousness. Oh God, I might need you. [Music] Are you [Music] Hallelujah. All right. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
