################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - [2025-05-28wed] First Place Matters  Br. David McGeary Jr. - David McGeary Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   [2025-05-28wed] First Place Matters | Br. David McGeary Jr.
Speaker: David McGeary Jr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfmGvk_KzAU
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Here are you. [Music] Do you [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Let's all stand and sing that. Amen. Oh Jesus, draw me close. Lord, call us all to you. Let the world around me fade away. Oh Jesus, draw me close. Close the Lord to you for I desire to worship and obey. Sing it again tonight. [Music] Oh Jesus from me close to the Lord to you. Oh, and let the world around him fade away. [Music] Jesus round close to you. Oh, and for I desire to worship and hallelujah. Draw me [Music] Draw me low. I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me from me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me. Throw me Lord and I'll come running after you. Oh, and you alone are all I need. For your whole mighty destiny, oh you alone are all I need. Oh, I need you alone. I am complete. [Music] Oh, draw me. Is that your desire tonight? Draw it all. I come running after you. Oh, [Music] me from me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. You alone. Oh, for you alone I all I [Music] need. For you hold my dest me. Oh, and you alone are all I need. Oh, I need you alone. I am [Music] totally drawing from [Music] Lord. I'll come running after you. [Music] drawing from me. Oh, I come just sing it one more time to hear. Oh [Music] Lord, drop from me. I'll come running after you. [Music] for me. Come here, Lord. And I'll come running after you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the kind of heart we want to have. And to run after him. And amen. Every day when we wake up, we our hearts is just hungering for him. nothing else but him. Amen. That's what we desire. Brother Andrew, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, here we are again, Lord. Just knowing, Lord, that within ourselves, Lord, that Lord, we couldn't see you right, Lord. But Lord, we realized that there was something that was crying out and we say, "Lord, draw us, Lord. Lord, give us revelation, Lord. Lord, I feel that many times, Lord, is becomes a something common, Lord, and we do things sometimes just expecting to just have a good service and songs and testimonies and different things. But Lord, I I know that Lord, there's got to be a pressing. Lord, there's got to be a crying out, Lord. I I got to have you, Lord. Let it be Lord that every heart here Lord can oh God have that kind of desperation Lord if you don't speak to me Lord something fresh from the throne Lord it could be life or death for things Lord Lord we don't want the spirit of revival to die within us Lord and so we're asking for food Lord spiritual food Lord take the man of God take this time this service Lord may it oh God be such an intimate time Lord may each and everyone here that's under this the voice of this message, Lord, that's going to be spoken out tonight, Lord. May they, oh God, say, "God spoke to me after we leave here, Lord." And Lord, let it be, oh God, a health and a strength, Lord. And Father, as we, oh God, commit the preaching of your word, the songs that'll be sung, Lord, every part here, Lord, Lord, we want it to be like that great transfiguration day, Lord. We know that they were just called to the side, oh God, and there was a few witnesses there and they seen, oh God, that great transfiguration. Lord, let it be, oh God, that that can happen for each one of us. Lord, let us have that expectation that oh God, after we leave here, it will be in our heart just to glorify Jesus in everything we say and do. Lord, let it be that personal contact today as we pray for the needs of your people. Lord, we're remembering those, oh God, that can't be with us tonight. Thinking of our brother Paul and brother Matthew. Lord, remember them, Lord, as they go and they're traveling away from family and different things. As we're praying, Lord, take control of this service. Lord, let everybody heart here be free to worship and praise you and receive what you have tonight as we commit it to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. So good to be gather in the presence of the Lord. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God. We turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. Amen. Man, God bless you. You may have your seats. Let's sing that song. Count your blessing. Name them one by one. Oh, when upon life's billow you are temped when you are discouraged thinking all is long. When I count your many blessings from them one by one. I will surprise you what the Lord has done. And [Music] countless one by one. Oh, I count to blessing. See what God has done. Oh, I count them one by one. Oh, I counting blessings. See what God has. Oh, and are you ever burdened with the Lord of H? But the cross you are called to bear. encounter many blessings. Every dark go and you will be singing has to take over. Oh, and so the blessings one by one. Oh, the blessings see what God has done. Oh, I count them one by one. Oh, I count to many blessings. See what God. Oh, when you look at others with the rain go promise you. count when I count your many blessings by the king of high. Oh, I for heaven know your home. Oh my God. [Music] Trouble. Oh my God. Trouble. See what God has done. Oh my God. to bless our sins. Name them one by one. Oh, I count to many blessings. See what God. Oh, so I made the conflict [Music] away. Do not be discouraged. God is over. In contra blessing angels we attend. Helping comfort give you to your church. Hallelujah. Oh God blessings. Oh God blessings see what God has done. Oh I trouble. Hold them one by one. Oh, I come to the blessings of God. Oh, and Christ our redeemer died on the cross. Oh, love for the [Music] savior. Oh, so the god of the [Music] Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the [Music] Oh, I [Music] see. [Music] I see. Oh, Jesus will sing. about [Music] all the [Music] mountain [Music] pass. I see the blood roll. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] I will [Music] sing. I see the [Music] blood. I see the blood. Oh. Oh. I see. I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh my gosh. [Music] I see the blood. Oh. Oh. I see the Oh. Oh. I see [Music] the sing again. Oh, and all the great compassion. The love of God tonight. Oh, I faithful and [Music] you sh [Music] Oh, I see the blood pass [Music] over the oh for [Music] Oh, I bless the rock for my soul. Oh my father. Hallelujah. For he is good. Oh my [Music] father he is worthy to me. Oh. Oh. Oh my go. Oh. Oh. Everless be ever for my [Music] salary glory. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] forever. Oh glory to his name. [Music] forever. Oh, I bless the rockana. Oh, I bless the rock. Oh, I'm going to walk. Oh, I'm going his name. Oh, for him. Hallelujah. Father tonight. Hallelujah. Oh my pro. [Music] Hana blessed be. Oh blessed be the rock for my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Oh blessed rock. Oh bless again. Oh Jehovah, whatever you need is tonight for him to me. Oh [Applause] Jehovah. Hallelujah. for him [Music] to bless you. Oh blessed be the rock of my [Music] son. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, just sing it one more time. [Music] Oh, I Oh, I for Oh, I bless the rock. Oh, and blessed be the rock on my side. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name tonight. Amen. Amen. I just can't wait to get to the other side. Amen. When the lamb we standing before this, the scripture says the lamb is the light of the city. Amen. We're just going to sing for him forever for all that he's done for us. Amen. Brother Thiago as a special if you could come at this time. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Now [Music] See in sing my s [Music] Oh J. [Music] Oh [Music] me things to me [Music] in dark var [Music] incoming [Music] news and here my squam [Music] But [Applause] [Music] me this [Music] So, so you [Music] Lo me a sing fing. death in [Music] dark singing [Music] See me sing f me. [Applause] Amen. That's why we're praising tonight. Amen. How many believe they are miracle? Amen. You're the greatest miracle that's ever been formed. Amen. Amen. God coming to dwell in the hearts of men. Amen. We're thankful for that. Amen. Tonight we have uh brother Daniel's parents from Brazil. Uh, brother uh uh Evanelo uh Boroto and and Sister Sonia, we certainly welcome you tonight. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. I believe Alberta is a pastor in Brazil. So, we welcome him. Brother Daniel's son is going to be baptized tonight. So, we certainly uh happy for that. And Amen. The Lord touches heart. Amen. And that's what the church is for. Amen. To find out the last one. Maybe that's the last one. Amen. Praise to to the Lord. Amen. Don't forget this weekend we have our monthly youth meeting this coming Friday uh May 30th between 6:00 and 9. It's going to start at 6 and and and end at 900 p.m. here at the church. Amen. For all the youth. Amen. So our monthly youth meeting also we'll have a musician practice. all the new musicians, all the old mi musicians. So, if we could get together uh this coming uh uh Saturday at at at 5:00 pm here at the church for practice, that'll be wonderful. Amen. Brother Jose um uh I texted asking for prayers and uh Sister Raquel is going to have a procedure. So, we certainly pray that the Lord will certainly guide the process and everything will be uh wonderful. Amen. We know we serve a God of miracle. Amen. And uh brother Andrew mentioned it. Brother Matthew is out ministering and we have we know that the youth meeting u in uh Arizona is this weekend. Let's just keep them in our heart. Amen. I know when you can't go but when says you if you can't go you go on your knees and you pray. Amen. That that that the meetings may be a success. That's our heart's desire that we'll pray for the the the meetings and the services that the Lord will uh uh convert the unbelievers and and those that came and the sea the last one that we still looking for that we may be found that he may be found. Amen. Sister Leslie writes, "Sister Pat Short from u Virginia requested prayer for her mom who's recently had a stroke and uh uh she had another health concern. We certainly want to lift her up in prayer that the Lord will uh touch her in the hour of need. If you have a need upon your heart tonight, Amen. It's in the presence of Jehovah. Amen. That's where all things are possible. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Amen. Brother Andrew, if you could just come and take this before the Lord. We just bless these offerings that people give and as we go through our service, bless us for traveling here on a Wednesday night where it's hard and from after work and give those traveling mercies as they travel. Lord Jesus name. Amen. He's all I need. He's all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. I will worship you. Oh, and I will worship you. I will worship him in [Music] spirit and in truth. Oh, and I will worship. Oh, I will worship him in spirit and in truth. I will take him now. Oh, and I will take him. Oh, I will take him down for all that I need. Oh, and I will take Hallelujah. Oh, and I will take him [Music] down for all I is all I need tonight. Oh, it is all I Oh, it is all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. Oh, all I know. He's the answer to all. He's all mighty. Oh Jesus is all mighty. My [Music] butterfly sails on the trouble sea. Oh, and ever there's a way. Oh, and my s. Oh, by my heavenly father, he watches over me. Oh, and a word of grace turns into. [Music] Oh, I know the master of I know the way of the he can call the stor the sun to shine again. I know the last surround me. Let's all stand and sing it as you fight for the David. Oh, sometimes I s like an eagle in the sky. Oh, and I wonder my soul can be found. Oh my unexpected So I [Music] me bring me now [Music] I know the [Music] rain shine [Music] again. I know the master of the wind. Let's go before the master. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that we could witness to you being the master of the storm. And Lord, that it's more than just that you are, but that we know you to be, Father. That each of us has been made a witness, Lord, that you came to us in our hour of need, in our hour of desperation, Father. And you brought peace that passes understanding, oh God. And Lord, you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Father, right now, there could be troubled waters. There could be things that are beyond our ability to understand, Lord, but you're still the master. And Father, by you all things were made and all things consist, Lord. And it's that confidence that's brought us here tonight, Father. And Lord, we want to submit ourselves to you, Lord, that even in the our ability and what we've prepared for, Father, that you would lead our hearts, Lord, to minister to the needs of your people. And Lord, we would be willing to make ourselves foolish for your people's sake. Lord, if you would draw us a way that we wouldn't even be prepared to, Lord, may you just minister to those who sit in an hour of need, Father, for we've gathered to feast at your table, Lord. And Lord, just now, may you settle each one, Lord. May they be aware of your presence, that you're the reason we've gathered, Father. And Lord, may you receive the glory in all things. We commit it all to you. In the precious name of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. If you would take your Bibles and turn with me to the book of Colossians, we'll read uh out of chapter 1 starting in the 15th verse. As you turn there, we uh were able to be in fellowship this past weekend with our brother Andrew, brother Bryce Collins, Brother Jeremy at Brother Sam Parker's up in Kansas. It was a a wonderful time of fellowship and we're really blessed by the ministry. Our brother Andrew just uh the Lord used him in a wonderful way and I I was a beneficiary of it and want to thank him for that. And as you know, we have ministers that go out from this body. It's your prayers and and the support that I'm sure is a a great part of the success in the Lord using their ministry. And as it's been mentioned several times, our brother Matthew's ministering for to our youth, to our children uh in Arizona, and many that would be gathered in our hearts and prayers are with them as well. So we would read in the book of Colossians starting the 15th verse, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven, that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell. and having made peace through the blood of the cross. By him to reconcile all things unto himself, by him I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. Let's just bow our heads one more time. Heavenly Father, what a rich word that we've read, Lord. And if we could just grasp but one line of this, Father, we believe we'd leave transformed and different. And Lord, we ask that the power of this word would transform our lives now as we commit it to you, as we submit ourselves to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You may be seated. The thought that uh would be upon our hearts and and uh is really just in in the line of where the Lord dealt with us is God has a purpose. He had a purpose in Christ and declaring himself in Christ where the invisible things of God were made manifest in Christ. And so it was to make himself known to have the preeminence in Christ. And as our prophet would tell us all that he poured into Christ, he poured into the church. So the preeminence or the or the uh in that the fullness was in Christ. And by and how we know God is we see his son, we know Jesus Christ. That also is the same desire that he has for the church. So just as he would manifest himself in Jesus Christ, he wants to have that same preeminence within his people, within his church, within his bride. And uh that is the the the theme that we're ministering on. And just to give it a title maybe to grab your attention and set a platform, it's first place matters. And if those, you know, in in recent events and competitive sports and things like that, uh we all want to strive for first place. It shouldn't be whether it be uh a job interview, whether it be uh whatever you would find. There's a there's a pretty probably innate concept within mankind that first place matters. Whether it's because there's a prize, because it's recognition, but there's you want to get passion stirred up within mankind. Uh you would say we're striving for first place. Uh a lot of businesses, their motto would be we're going to play to win. We're we're we're not going for second place. We're going to be the best. Anybody who really does anything, if they're really just already content with not being first place, you know, it's really not, I would say, the representation of God. There should be something a pull in you for first place. And we find that this is the very also for that position, for that first place. This is not just uh uh without conflict. Okay? Because there's a position to be had. There can only be one in in the terminology. First, I guess it's the number one, right? It it's not the first place isn't represented by two. It's not represented by three. It's the number one. So, there's there's in it even in its simplest form. First place is very self-explanatory. There's only one first place. And and that's probably why it's so contentious, right? is because if someone takes that spot, there's someone who is left out of that position. And in in the modern events there there's there's a lot of talk about uh people who are unfairly obtaining first place. They have no right to the first place. They're not the rightful owners. They've strived uh it with an unfair competitive advantage. there's been something that many would say negates their claim to first place. They would they would say it's not fair. They do not belong in first place. And one of the things that we would recognize is the deceit of taking first place, the deceit of wanting to take a position or a preeminence that is not uh theirs is a devil attribute. Deception and deceit is a characteristic of the evil one. It he is a liar. He's always been a liar and he's always wanted to exalt himself to a place of position that is not his to have. And that's uh what I would want you to understand is that this position of first place is uh very subtly contended for within our lives. And and you know what I want to present to you is that there's only one holder of first place and that's Christ. There's no other person that belongs in the position of preeminence within the position of first place in our lives but Christ. As we read the scripture, all things were made by him and for him. And it's when we forget who the main thing is, what it's all about is that we will find ourselves not being victorious. As brother Billy said, and I will always remember, the main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. It's beautiful. The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. The main thing is Christ. It it it is that simple. It's in that we have victory. It's in that we have power to overcome. And anytime we're we're confused, it's because we haven't understood that he's still the creator. He's still the one who created it all. For him, by him, all things are made. And we don't have to be the ones who've asserted ourselves and our own thinking, our own ability to a place that is not his. We can be still and know that he's God. But it's when we try to understand things and lean upon our own understanding and try to solve things ourselves, we'll find that we lose our peace. We lose our joy. We become unsettled and things become more complicated. And it's because we're continuing with the deceiver. He wants to draw you off sides. He wants to do something to put himself back in a position. And that position that he has access to you is in your mind. It's in your reasoning. It's in our makebelief. It's within our intellectual understanding. Even if it be of the right thing, we need to go beyond that. Because if we just leave it there, then that is the realm in which we will battle things. Right? Then the truth in our intellectual understanding is really just as good as the intellectual understanding of something that is not the truth. But we have the power of the spirit. And and that's um something John would say in John 6:63. Jesus Christ speaking, "It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profitth nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." Now we I I would hope that we don't become trinitarian in our thinking that somehow now we think that it's the word, the word, the word, the word and that somehow that's different than the spirit. The spirit and the word are the very same thing. If you think that you can make it by just some intellectual understanding of the word and it can't be anointed word, then you're dry. You're dead. You're formal and you've departed from the very words of Jesus Christ. Because Jesus Christ himself said, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit. And we don't have a trinitarian thinking that somehow thinks that when the spirit comes, it's not the word. I mean, if if it's the spirit, it is the word. It's not contrary. It you can't separate them. I would I it is confounding that somehow we've become trinitarian in our thinking that when the spirit moves, we think it's somehow any less word. Is it a is it a different person? It's Christ the word. And matter of fact, that gets us out of our comfort zone, right? Because as the wind blows, as the spirit moves, sometimes it takes us beyond our comfort zone. We don't know what it's going to do. You know, but it's going to water the seed that's in you. Amen. It's going to it's going to bring things to manifestation. It's going to bring things to maturity. It's going to quicken things. And that's what I love about the promise of the spirit. It's life. It's a lifegiver. It would be the rod of Aaron sitting in the in the presence of the Lord would come and it would bloom and it would bring forth and it would bud and it would bring forth fruit. And I find in my life if if the presence of the Lord comes in my life, the contrast of things starts to grow. It it just it's just an effect. If I if I be if I get into the presence of God, it w it's not long behind that. It seems like my flesh has the ability just to bring forth something that's just like, "What was that? Yes, but I find that that's the necessity of it because in that I'm willing to die as a son of God. I'm like, God, I don't I'm tired of the make believe. I I want you to have the preeminence. I know there's a power in your word to overcome. I I want to die to those things that are not of you that you might live. And we're not afraid of the correction. We're not afraid of the perfecting. We're not afraid of the contrast that the presence of God causes. Amen. You know, it it it it is the desperation and the thirst that's going to cause us to need more of him to overcome. We don't want to make a a a contract with the devil that is somehow I will not get desperate and I'm not going to become fanatical if you just let me carry on a a form of mediocrity and you just let me pass as a as a as a Christian that we'll just stay here. But no, there's there's a contending. There's a pressing. There's a there's a desire for a first place that we want Christ to have. There's a preeminence that we want the Lord to have in our lives. And that's not going to be possible without letting the spirit have preeminence. I I find that just in my own life, that's a desire and a thirsty I I have is that the presence of the Lord would so anoint and saturate my life that there was there is no room for the devil to come in and disturb that atmosphere. I want to be aware of his presence. Um even as a young Christian, I remember a time where I I was carrying a a fence. we're helping put up a wooden fence and it and when you're in the flesh and you're exerting yourself and you're doing physical labor, you're already kind of pressing into the carnal and and um I uh you know, brothers like, "Oh, you're pressing the fence that way. Now carry it this way." You know, and and even in my spirit, I was like, you know, I don't want to I don't want to be that way. There's a check. There's something. And we want to always be tender to that. We always want to be sensitive to it. And it's by being in his presence that the contrast is made manifest. A lot of times you're really not, you know, you feel like, you know, you you do something like that, you're getting worse, but that's because he's moving you away from that uh fleshly manifestation of that person that you really are not. And you're starting to manifest a heavenly image. And you feel like you're worse. And in young believers, young Christians, a lot of times you feel like as you start this journey that somehow things are getting worse because the contrast is becoming greater. But I I I have a good news for you. Really, what's happening is the light is becoming brighter and that causes a contrast to those things which are not heavenly. And so do not be condemned because your flesh is being exposed for what it is. But be be thankful that there's a conviction that there's a Holy Spirit, that there's a a a light shining in your life to expose those things and be quick to repent and to ask forgiveness and ask for the power to overcome that the Lord would be glorified because it's not our righteousness. Amen. It's it's about preeminence. It's about giving first place to him. It's about letting him express himself. Amen. Remember, just as he wanted to express himself in Christ, as he would make himself known, he wants to do the same in you. So, no man's seen the father at any time, but the son has declared him. You know, we we understand what Christ was was the fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt in Christ. So, if you want to know who God is, Jesus Christ. Amen. You can look at his life. You could look at how he was born. He was born in a manger. Uh there was no beauty in him that we should desire him. If you want to know God, it was declared without controversy in Jesus Christ. So that was because God decided to do it that way. Okay? And it gives us hope. It is our the forerunner. It is the first fruits. It is the very expression of what he's called us to be. Our example is Christ and and in all things we want to be Christlike. In Isaiah 14 and and I want to just I felt it was necessary. So we'll we'll press on this and we'll uh speak to it. Isaiah 14 and 12. How art thou how art thou fallen, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which didest weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. So we get a glimpse now into the mindset of the devil, of Lucifer, of of the evil one, of the of the angel of light. And I I found it something. He says, "I will sit. I will exalt." It's a very a pronunciation of a self-will. An I will and I will and I will. A very proudful, a very boastful approach, a very uh intent of purpose. I will. And that is the that personifies itself in man. When man thinks they could do God a service, when man thinks he could accomplish something, it's often done with the attitude of I will. I will do this. I will do this. And our sufficiency is in and of oursel. It's in Christ. And and the only way for him to have preeminence is if we reckon ourselves dead at Calvary with him. That so we have to die to the ability of self-will. We have to master the thought of human ability. We have to consider that we are nothing and he is everything. And it it is a there's so many ways that the scripture expresses it, but notice there is somebody who's wanting to take the place in the preeminence. So there's got to be an awareness that the enemy is set about to take first place. He's exposed in this day. We know what he did even gaining access through the titles of the trinitarian teaching to to come into the church and sit on the throne of God and be exalted as if he is God and receive worship. And he receives worship by uh presenting God as someone he is not. But when we uh you know the very things that we said it's not an I will but it's seek first the kingdom of heaven. There's an abandoning of self-will. There's an abandonment of not there's as Christ person he said it not my will but thine be done the very example of Christ not my will and not notice the contrast I will not my will and that's what we want to declare tonight is not our will Lord I I'm I'm done with my thinking I've recognized that all I can do as a man it doesn't have eternal value Lord but if you would work through me then it would be great things. Not my will, Lord, but thine be done. You know, a lamb has no rights. A lamb lays down his rights. And that's what Christ did. He laid down his life. Brother Brandham in one place would say he had a right to do things. But but but for the prize that was set before him for you, he laid down it all. And that's our opportunity is to lay it all down that he could be glorified. And what I would uh say is in this hour it comes down to something so fine as the scripture would say it would be so close it could deceive the very elect if it was possible. And what we're challenged to do is not leave it at an intellectual believing. Right? So that is not for me to discern because it comes through the gateway of the mind. We do have to first believe it, but we don't believe in letting it just sit there and not be quickened, not be made real, not to become a revelation. We don't want it to just be a lifeless uh understanding and believing from the heart. He says in paragraph 39, this is 570623. Now, if you try to bluff that, it won't work. If you try to reason it in your mind, say, "Yes, God's word is right. I believe that. I believe it will come to pass. I think that." Now, if that's intellectually, you'll just might as well stop thinking it. Until something comes down in the inside of you that just says it's so, and that's all there is to it. There's not enough demons out of torment could shake you from it. It's something on the inside called the heart. There's where real faith finds its resting place. And I got good news for you. He's given you the gift of faith. You have to recognize the preeminence of the Christ that's in you. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. It is the intellectual man that is just this. But so much greater is the life of Christ that's in you that says amen to the word. That is something down in your heart that can't be explained. And you can have a peace and a comfort in what that is. That is Christ in you. Amen. That's beyond the mind. This is uh perfect strength, perfect weakness. Paragraph 5261 1119. Notice that it takes the weakest and the rejected. And practically every hero God ever had on the front line was this type of person. A person that was rejected, a person that thought he was insufficient. A person that had no ability at all. Then that person's just in good shape so that God can start using them. That's right. That's when we feel they feel that they can't. They haven't got nothing. That's when God can take a hold of them and do something with them. See when but we are thinking that we are able to do it then God can't use us because we're wanting to do it ourselves and then the other side we get these feelings. I love how he's always bringing a balance and we think that we're insufficient and we want to do it but then if we just listen to the call of God that's the very thing that God wants us to get into that kind of shape so he can when we are insufficient ourselves then we are subjects to yield to the god's spirit so that it's in the yielding it's in the recognizing our insufficiency it is in the dying. It is in the letting go. It is in recognizing that we've come short, that we've tried, that we're unable. It's that that position of weakness where we finally just let go and let God and then he can as we yield and when we are insufficient ourselves, then we are subjects to yield to God's spirit. As long as we think that we can do it, then we can't do it. But if we get to a place where we know we can't do it, then we can yield ourselves to God and he does it. So then if it's us trying to do it, we'll fail. But if we'll just yield ourselves to God, then God then God can't fail. There's only one thing that God cannot do, and that's fail. He can do anything else but fail, but he cannot fail. So, as long as we're trying ourselves and depending on our own abilities and so forth, well, we'll do nothing. But when we get to the place where we know we're nothing, then God can use us. The important thing, one of the important things is that we must master. Now, remember this, and especially you young preachers and lay members alike, so he didn't leave it with just one of us. There's one thing that we've got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire in our life. How many wants to fulfill God's desire in our life? There's one thing we have to master. The thought of human ability. That's hard. We decide a plan in a way that we're going to accomplish things. We have plans for our lives. We have visions. We we and we know the things that we want done. And we don't understand all the ways the Lord will lead us. I will say that you will be fulfilled in Christ. That as you yield yourself to him and his desire in in your life, you will be fulfilled in Christ. That the very things that we may articulate that we feel are going to satisfy the longings in our life and our heart's desires, God will do those things because there's a deep calling, but it may not be in the way we expect them to be fulfilled. You know, a young man has a desire for success and a desire for prosperity. I would say if you win one soul for the kingdom of heaven, you're successful. And who knows where God has to put you and the things that you must go through to do that. But in the economy of God, you've done great things if you win one soul. You're more successful than an Elon Musk. I I I hope that our affections and our desires are really not set upon the wealth of this world because you will find that it leaves you wanting for more. It's not going to satisfy. You may have to go through a very hard trial to have that broken down because I the examples in the world of people who have not obtained peace through wealth are prolific. I think I was just reading in the news where a Bitcoin billionaire was tormenting another billionaire for more Bitcoin and people are crazy. I don't know where that comes from, but if that's your reality, you're you're torturing yourself. Luke 9 uh verse 23. And he said unto them, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it. But whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it." That is, I think, the quantification of mastering the thought of human ability. That's right. I It's laying your life down. Yeah. the the the at at its most rudimentary form, self-preservation is the most basic of human instincts. It is the that it's the very thing that is very hard to control. And and I can testify that in my as a young Christian and and not to boast in any way, but even foolishly, I there's been times where I did not want to see someone die. and I it to great pearl not even thinking about those around me interjected myself in a in a situation um and uh in to to try to save someone's life and and I and I'm not sure to this day but that person and it when I uh there's people are about to stab him and I jumped in and laid on top of them and I lost half a tooth over this and this was in Mexico and the person regained their consciousness and some of the people that attacking him. He threw him over a wall and I don't know if that person died. So just in in our uh I guess what I'm trying to say is you you have no thought you you as a Christian it's not about self it's for others but you need the word of God and wisdom to guide that. Okay. You you can't just be uh uh you know with abandoned, but we we want wisdom. And and the word says that if any man lack wisdom, let him ask his father. Your life is to accomplish something. And when you're willing to lay it down and yield it, then God can use it. But let's not use it foolishly for vain things. Let's use it for the kingdom of God, for the furtherance of his kingdom, that souls can be saved, that he can be glorified, to the shaking of Satan's kingdom, to God's glory that magnifies holiness, that shows rugged Christian living the way it should be lived, that men would be men. You know, I I would say this myself, and this is just from my heart. If if sisters are having a problem, there's one place it begins, and that's with the men. If we showed them what was important and it really was on display in our life, that would be inspiring enough. So let the men be men. The things we give attention to are glorifying God. That the things that we give honor to are the things that are are meaningful. That'll make the difference. And a lot of this is is just in my heart because in preeminence and position, there's a headship. And and when we get out of our place of letting God have the preeminence, then we aren't where we're supposed to be. And God has an economy. He has a kingdom. And it's it is that which uh has a manifold expression. And the in the and uh maybe we'll get there if we can hurry. So there's a redeeming back. There's a restoration. There's an understanding of where we were. We were in Christ in the beginning that Eve came out of Adam. There's a all of this fits because in order to give preeminence, we have to recognize from whom we are made and by whom we consist, right? So there would be an honor a child would give a parent as an understanding of headship. A children honoring their father. Why? Because they wouldn't be here without him. Seems pretty basic, right? Uh but that's the very thing that Christ would come and say you've made the the law of God of none effect by the teachings of men. Because one of the very things that they would do is not honor their parents. And what that I they said it's Corbin and it was kind of hard for me to understand. I looked into it and researched it. The what they would say is look as you've raised me as a child, you've done it unto God. So all the things that you've done for me, just pretend or let's say it was as unto the Lord. So as as you've done it unto the Lord and me as your child, then you can't ask anything in return of God, can you? So we're even. And then negate the responsibility to honor the parent by saying somehow as the parent has raised the child, you've done it unto the Lord. See you later, Mom and Dad. I'm going to go my way now and live my life. I I'm not going to have respect unto you. and and the understanding. Now, imagine the circumspectfulness. The child that was raised through fatherly and motherly care, that didn't have a hope, that didn't have a future, now is going to neglect a parent that's in need. The callousness of relationship. When you get things out of position, it's a relationship issue. And that's what we need to recognize is that it's our relationship with Christ. He doesn't desire anything else but first place. If you do, if if you're not willing to forsake father, mother, houses, lands, you're not worthy of the kingdom. There is no you have to lay your Isaac down. There is there is we can't have any thought of self-preservation in this. We have to be willing to die and die daily that Christ can live. And that's the only way that Christ is going to be able to express himself in the individual. So, it's Christ expressing himself individual in the individual, whether he's intellectual or whether he's not. Don't know his ABCs. Half the apostles didn't know it. That's right. But they knowed Christ. They never taken heed to Peter and John knowing that they had been out of some seminary. They said, "Take heed." And notice that they had been with Christ. When they healed the lame man, see at the gate, they noticed they had been with Christ. The new birth is Christ is a revelation. God has revealed to him you. The great mystery and that's a new birth. Now what are you going to do when you get all them grouped together? That's us. The revelation perfectly in harmony and God expressing it through his word by the same actions, the same thing that he did making the word manifest. Oh, it's the church only knew its position. It will one day. Then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. And that quote, it it deserves a prominent place. It deserves to be popular. It hasn't changed. It's not cliche. It's not buzzwords. It's it's an it's a voice expressed to us by a prophet. That is our promise. We can say it again and get excited about it. We have a right to be excited about it. We've received a prophet's message that's transforming us. Amen. We can recognize our position. And our position isn't one where we're we're without Christ. He's the head. You know, you you the big brother syndrome's real. I'm with him. That's right. I We can take comfort in knowing we're not doing any of this without him. We're not on our own. He hasn't left us. He hasn't taken us this far to leave us. We're not going by our feelings. But he's promised us and we can count on it. He's doing the work. You know, and and testimonies have a prominent place. So, as you testify that Christ is with you, the devil would try to draw you off sides and think that somehow you heaping glory to yourself or, you know, he always wants to do something to belittle us. And I I was thinking of the Tower of David and he would have all those shields on it. He said a thousand bucklers were on the tower of David. And historians would say, well, you know, there's nothing that we really know what those shields were, but it was it's a sign of strength at least, you know, because they're bucklers. So, as the as the the Song of Solomon would say, it says the tower of David and it has a thousand shields on it. But I there's other people who say those shields were the the enemies of David that had been vanquished, that had been defeated and they were hung as trophies and momentos upon the tower and they were testimonies of the of the victories that have been won. And it's to remind the people and there's got to be something as a believer you have to remind yourself of the testimonies of what the Lord's done in your life. It wasn't you. It wasn't you who defeated the lion. It wasn't you, but it was God who delivered into your hands. And you could look at those and you put them on display in a place of preeminence. You give them a place that goes before you that stands as a testimony. And you look at them and you say, "What are these trophies?" Hallelujah. It was my pride. Hallelujah. It was my self-worth. It was my doubt. It was my fear. It was it was it was my depression. And you and you hold that up as a testimony and you say, "Look at the enemy. He's been defeated." Amen. And the same one who gave me that trophy and it's on display. It's in a place. It's not hid. It's on a tower. It's raised up. It's a defeated foe. You You think of Christ in the in the type of the serpent being put upon the cross? And always struck me, you know, why are they putting it, you know, the snake's bad? The snake's bad. Why are they looking at a snake upon a stick and getting healed? It's a serpent. But it was the very essence of Christ becoming sin of of dealing. All those things that are trophies was purchased by Calvary. So those trophies aren't your accomplishment. That's right. They're his accomplishment. It's what he's done. Our boast is in the Lord. He's the one who's victorious. And and he and he's going to continue to win those victories in our life. If he if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me. Christ in your life is the things that you know him by relationship in in the simplicity of it. If he's if he woke you up this morning and gave you breath, you could just say, "Thank you, Lord, for giving me breath." And if you just thank him for the things that he's done, look, there's none good but God. There is none good but God. Hey, you just say that again. There's none good but God. And and I and whoever thinks they got good without God is just like saying the sun ain't the sun. It doesn't matter if they want to cover their eyes and deny it. It's God. You have to recognize that we are made in the image of God. All mankind. But there all mankind were made in the image of God. So what is it? The devil that's done things to mankind. He hates the image of God. He's the one who perverts and torments and and takes who's meant to be a son in God and a daughter of God and makes them do things they ought not. That's why you don't look at a woman unless that's a daughter of God. Amen. You you don't put once you recognize the position people are in. It causes us to change our behavior. As a son of God, you don't do things. You're a son of God meant to declare the glory of God. Amen. It's the devil that's lied and deceived and told us we we're something else. But the man even in its in the base form is made in the image of God. And there is none good but God. When man does something good even in its kindness toward mankind, that's an expression of God. There's no good but none good but God. The only reason they could even do that is because there's a God. Amen. All things are unto Christ. So, as we read in um and just we'll turn to Colossians 3. If you turn over from verse one, uh you could read all of Colossians 3 and we won't do that for the sake of time, but it's a just want to look at verse 23. And whatsoever you do, do it hardedly as to the Lord and not unto men. You'll find that that is the a key to victory in your life. Yes, sir. All things that you do, right? Do it to the Lord, not unto men. If you don't recognize Christ in it, then don't do it. If you're not doing it as unto the Lord and it's not worthy to be done as unto the Lord, don't do it. But if it's worth doing, do it as unto the Lord. And even in the scripture that was before that, it's talking about uh servants giving to their masters the position that's theirs. And then and this is profound really. It says, don't just do it as though you're pleasing the master. That would be good enough. It would seem like, okay, you've been given a a a task to do and you would do it and I think I would as well for the recognition of those who I'm doing it for and that would be a worthy reward to job well done. Man, Ben, you can carry bricks like nobody else can carry them and I cannot do that. Job well done. You're a hos, right? I can't do that all day long. But that's not even what he tells us to do. He says you're basically your reward is in as undoing it as unto the Lord. So in your heart now we're getting back to the relationship because he's basically saying guys I'm with you. You do it unto me. Nothing could separate us. That's right. You don't have to worry about the recognition of man. But do it unto me. I'm with you. And it gives you victory. That's right. It gives you peace. He's in control. He's the reason I'm doing it. And we just have to bring back Christ to first place and recognize him as being in the position of preeminence. But if you would, I think, dive into that, there would be a a fleshly element, especially when you're putting someone in rule over you. If you back up to verse 22, servants obey in all things your masters according to the flesh, not with eye service and as men pleasers, but in singleness of heart, fearing God. And whatsoever ye do, do it heartedly as to the Lord and and not unto men, knowing that the Lord ye shall receive the reward of an inheritance, for ye serve the Lord Christ. We uh are not working for a heaven earthly reward. It's a heavenly reward. Amen. We're not going to get there. I I'm going to just uh do some maybe quick reading, but in the in that there's a place of being a prisoner to Jesus Christ. Okay. If you can in the natural could recognize that you could submit yourself to an earthly master to somebody who would who would give an order and you could be a manleaser and you could do it for earthly recognition then we can say that we as Paul I'm a prisoner of Christ. I'm doing what I do uh because not with my understanding what I would think would be the right thing to do. Even the things that I think would be beneficial to the kingdom of heaven, but there's a check. There's a a heartfelt relationship. There's something I'm a witness to that outside of his will and outside of his leading, I do not have a thought coming. I only want to do that of the will of the father. I'm a prisoner to Christ. that communion and that relationship is one by reckoning ourselves dead at Calvary with Christ that Christ can live in us. And it's this is uh paragraph 148 in Christ of the mystery and it and it maybe I back up to 147 and then another one the night if you don't get the tape I preached the one the other night a prisoner of Jesus Christ Paul a prisoner. See when God gets you to be his prisoner then you can't do nothing but what the spirit says do. Paul with all his great intellects, he thought he was taught by Gelia to be a great priest, a rabbi someday. And he had a high ambitions. He was intellectually a great man, great authority, great man in the nation. But he had to sacrifice every bit of it. See, to become a part of the word, to express Jesus Christ. He knowed what it was to say. He had a notion to go over someplace. Some brethren had called him, but he was forbidden by the spirit to do his own will. If people half-spiritual can pick that up. See, he was forbidden to do his own will. He could the spirit forbid him. See, he was a prisoner to Christ. than this little fort teller one day who he knowed Paul knowed he had a power to cast the devil out but he could only do it if God willed it. Day after day she followed him crying out after him. But one day the spirit gave him permission. Then he rebuked her and the spirit that was in him seeed what it was to be a prisoner. Isn't that something? He had the authority. He had the ability, but he was, if you will, checked in his spirit. He knew not to do it. As sons of God, that's the that's the supernatural offer. That's the proposition of the devil. That's where in our own understanding, we will make a mess of things. But if we can die to our own understanding that Christ could have the preeminence, then he receives the greater glory. Yes. And and this is I'm so thankful that a prophet could go in there and and bring these insights to us. Oh, if God can get him prisoners like that now, that's when he can express the preeminences. You see, he's got the man or the person so that he knows nothing but Christ. You get that? I mean, all right. That's secondly, first to and then uh first to express himself completely God in Christ. Second, to have the preeminence by this in his church, which is his body, the bride, till he could have the preeminence to express himself through them. And then thirdly, to restore the kingdom to its right position that fell by sin to the first Adam, back to where he walked in the cool of the evening with his people, talking with them, fellowshipping them with them. This is the three-fold purpose of God. We can the the promise to us and really what we've been given is is to recognize that as he expressed himself in Christ, he's doing in us. That is the very hour that we're living in is where God through the very type of what we are. A bride that how a husband's made known is is by a bride, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. We're fulfilling that heart call and that desire and purpose of God to have a preeminence in a people once again in this day. Yes, sir. a complete preeminence, not not a partial preeminence, not in a in a partial light, but a perfect light with a perfect character, with a perfect representation of Christ to know what he wants done with the word or stay still. And and that that is exactly it. It is a help us Lord. We wouldn't want to die to self if we didn't recognize we have a full inheritance to take possession of. And I'm not content with a partial. I'm not content without being a full manifestation. I'm not content without a full death, a full dying out, without all of the promises of God manifested in my life. I'm not content. I'm not going to sit still. I'm going to press. I'm going to die. I'm going to I'm willing to lay my life down for this gospel. I'm not willing that my brother would sit in a place of of of lukewarmness. It's not given to us to be lukewarm. There should be such a liberty in our life that we come into the house of God, we're free to worship him. That even in in the quietness of our spirit, we can say, "Thank you, Lord. You got me into your house." And that could just start to bubble up. What you've done, the enemy withtood me. And I'm here in the house of God. I'm gathered with people of precious like faith, a bride in this end time, gathered around the word of the hour, a prophet's message that's come to tell us who we are, how thankful we are. It's your goodness to us, Father. There's a a simplicity to this. You know, brother Brandham, in one place, I don't have the quote in front of me, but he talks about he was trying to as a young husband, he was trying to get to work and he's trying to build a a fire in the in the stove and he says the backdraft was coming and he had this little tin box there and he's trying to get it started before he goes and the the wind's blowing and it pushes back out the smoke and he's he's doing all his effort to start a fire. It's a very humanly I mean that's ex you need to start the fire you know he's okay in doing what he's doing he's just setting about the task of the day and he says he turned on the radio and there's a song playing it says air did you leave this mo the your room this morning did you forget to pray and it's such a it brought such a conviction to his heart he dropped down on his knees and he started to pray he recognized that he had started his day without giving God first place, without giving him the preeminence, without simply saying, "Lord, I can't do this without you." And that's ultimately what it comes down to is the relationship that we have with him. Are we allowing him to be our head? Are we allowing him to have the preeminence in our life and the due respect and the honor and the first place that he deserves? And that's my prayer just tonight in my own life is that I would recognize the times that I go about things out of my own ability, out of my own human ability, and I'm not allowing Christ to have the preeminence. Even if it's just in the doing it as unto the Lord and making sure that in my heart at the relationship level, it's Christ that's having the preeminence in all things. and that as a as a as a body if we want to be knit together and we want to be closer I think this is the musicians would come brother Brandham tells the story and be certain of God he says in one night I place it like this I was coming home from meetings and they had waited up a long time to see me and they got sleepy and had to go to bed I'd come in weary and tired tired and worn and I laid down to sleep sometime after midnight and a long before daylight I couldn't sleep and I got up early to keep waking the wife up went out to the parlor and sat down in a chair and as I was sitting thinking of the meetings and praying for the different ones who had asked me request I heard a scramble in the children's bedroom here come the door bursting open and here come Rebecca just as hard as she could go and she jumped up a straddled my knee and her long legs reached down to the floor. She threw her arms around me and began to hug me. Then I heard something fallen, stumbling over the rugs. Sarah was behind her and she was wearing Rebecca's handme-down pajamas with the feet much too long and she couldn't stand up good with all them on and she was stumbling. And when Recca got seated real good, her long legs reaching down the floor, I thought, well, this is for some cause. And Rebecca reminded me of the church that's all settled, knows all its doctrine, been at it for a long time, well seated. She turned around to her little sister Sarah. And Sarah was at the door, the end of the hall, and she said, "Sarah, I want to tell you something." She threw both arms around me and said, "I've got all of daddy and there's none left for you." And little Sarah, like the minority church, her little lips drooping down, her little brown eyes begin to water because that Becky had all of daddy and she loved daddy, too. So I stuck out my other leg to her and motion my finger. her little eyes brightened up and she come with them little pajamas, feet flying, jumping right to straddle my leg and she like the m minority church. She wasn't so settled down with them great denominations behind her and she was kind of toddle tottery. She was wobbling and I was afraid she was going to fall. So I took both my arms and put them around her and hugged her up to my bosom. She snuggled down to me for a few minutes. Then she turned those little bride eyes up to her sister Rebecca and said, "Rebecca, my sister, I want to tell you something." She said, "It's the truth that you got all of daddy, but I want you to know that daddy gots all of me." And that's the way I want it. I want to know that the grammar, all the Greek, and all the Hebrew, but all that to know that Christ has got all of me. And I want to be so completely insufficient till he can fill his arms around me. Uh, isn't that the truth, saints? It's in our inability that he can have all of us and we could feel his arms around us and we could be reminded it's not us that's holding us, it's him. And when we try to do things ourselves, it's just us putting a confidence in the wrong place. He still has the place of preeminence. If we look, we can see him. His arms are still around us. He's still holding us. But the only time we're shaken is because we've taken our eyes off of who's really holding us. We can't hold ourselves. We have no ability to keep ourselves. If it's not for the grace of God in our lives, we're lost. But we can have a confidence that he who's begun the work in us will complete it. And in order for him to have a way to manifest himself to those around you, you have to die that Christ can live. You have to be able to lay lay down your own thinking, your own understanding. Allow him to have a preeminence in your life in the first place to quicken his word to you that he can use your hands to be his hand extended. Let's just stand together. We have a a water baptism tonight. We're thankful for the work of God to call in someone's life and to reveal to them the formula. Repent. Turn from your ways. Recognize there's a life worth living for. We don't want to live the life of this flesh or after this flesh, but we want the life of Christ in us. And we're willing to renounce it, this flesh, that the life of Christ can live and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And as he's done that work, we're thankful tonight to have that pull open to fulfill the commission to go into all the world, preach the gospel, and to baptize. Let's just go before him in prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your word and we we're thankful, Father, that you desire to have a place of preeminence in our life that you want first place, Lord. Lord, there's a position to give you and that you'll take all of it, Father. And so tonight we say, oh God, if there's any place we haven't given you, first place, Lord, that we can do all things as unto you and that we can give you all things for by you all things are made. There's not anything that isn't yours, Father, belongs to you or that you're not worthy of. So Father, we give it to you, Lord. Even the things pertaining to the kingdom of heaven that we in ourselves would try to accomplish, we give that to you also, Father. Lord, that there would be no glory of man or man's accomplishment. That it would all be to you and to your glory. Father, we're thankful, Lord, that it's a love affair, Lord, that it's you. It's our husband. It's Christ. It's the one who has our best interest at mind. That you could be a father to the fatherless. Lord, you're the one who knows what we have need of before we ask. Lord, it's in an abandonment to self. It's a it's in a it's in a trust to you that we can truly lay our lives down and say, "Oh, God, have all of me. Not my will, Father, but thine be done. Lord, change my mind to be your mind. Lord, I don't want to preserve my thoughts. I don't want to preserve my well-being. I don't want to preserve any of me. Oh God, I want Christ in me. Lord, I'm so tired of this humanity. Oh God, I want the heavenly declared. I'm thankful that we could pray on earth as it is in heaven. Lord, I have a heavenly image. I have a heavenly uh representation, Lord, and I want it manifested here. I'm tired of my failures. I'm tired of my faults. Oh God, I have a promise of manifesting perfection. You said, "Be ye perfect." Lord, I want perfection on display. Not of man, not of man's ability, Father, of what you've done in us. Lord, I commit each one here as we'd raise our hands to you and surrender, Father, asking you to consume us by your spirit that your word would divide out the very things that are not of you that you would be glorified. For we commit it to you in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Let's sing He is Lord together as we turn the service over. He is Lord. He's risen from the dead. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. Hallelujah. Every knee and every knee shall bow and every tongue come. [Music] Just met. Think about it, church. Let him be Lord of all. Sing it one more time. He is Lord. Proclaim it. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. Oh, He's my Lord. Lord, you're my Lord of all. He's my Lord. You reckon yourself dead and him risen in your life. He's risen. [Music] Oh, and every knee shall bow. Oh, at every time confess and Jesus Christ he just sing it once more. He's my Lord. Is he your Lord tonight? Oh my lord. Oh my lord. Just worship him tonight. Oh, he has risen from the dead and is my knee shall every God has oh [Music] Jesus Christ is hallelu the father long love for us. of us beyond all measure that he should give his only son oh to me for at his treasure our great seeing cross the father turn his face away as Father, the chosen one. Oh, bring many sons to glory. Oh, and behold the man upon the cross. My sins upon his shoulders. A shame. I hear the mocker's voice call out. I'm under scoffer. Oh, it was my sin I held in pain until it was accomplished. His thy Christ has brought me. Oh, I know that it is fing a greater God that God despair to come where I hel through tears as he is our strength as he declares me. Hallelujah. How great the love that song [Music] behind his mercy. His blood is cleansed by every part. Oh, and claims me as his virgin. I will I will stand for your king. Oh God by your will. Oh my go Jesus Christ his death and resurrection. [Music] Oh, why should I gain my dream? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart. His wounds by. Oh, and I will not boast. Oh, no gifts, no waste of I will boast in Jesus Christ for his death and resurrection. Why should I give his people? I can't give an answer. For this I know with all my fault his wounds and my hallelujah. It's him. It's because of him. We don't glory in ourselves. We're glorying him. I love that. If we could die to our own self and just let let him have the preeminence. Lord, it's not I have no ounce of power, no ounce of energy, but it's all you. It's all because of you. That's where we rest in. It's it's it's in our dying that we find our strength. It's not in us exerting and commitment and what we you can make all the commitment you want, it won't work. But if you take his word and you die and you say it's because you did this, that's why we live. We live because he died for us. Amen. Amen. Brother Ben, if you could just come and the Smith says those that wants to go, we'll go. I know there's a baptism waiting and and we'll just get ready for the baptism. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Gracious heavenly father, everlasting father. Lord, the one that knoweth all things, Lord, you knew today what you'd be speaking to us, Father. You knew this is what we had need of. Father, Lord, I can attest and say you spoke to me, Lord Jesus. How we allow so many things in life remove you from your first position, Lord. how we get carried away with the different things of life, the different needs that may come about and forget to take care of the main thing, Lord, which is you, Lord Jesus. If we kept you at your place where you belong in the first place, Father, you'd take care of everything that comes up, Lord Jesus. But how the devil will put in the mind of a son and daughter of God that you've got to figure it out and remove him from the first place to figure it out. But that's not the case, Lord. My Bible says the righteous shall not bake bread. My Bible says that you answer to all the needs of your children. Father, my Bible taught me that when Daniel was praying, before he finished his prayer, an answer was on his way. Lord, that's the kind of God we serve. Father, you told us to seek first the kingdom of God and your righteousness, and everything else will be added unto us. Father, right now, Lord, for myself, I recommmit and dedicate my life to you, Lord Jesus. And anyone in this building, Lord, that felt as if they've put you in a different place than where you belong, Lord Jesus. If they make it known by the uplifting of their hands to you, Lord, you see it, Father. You see what they're asking for, Lord Jesus. The simplicity of desiring and wanting you to be in the first place. You can move on that, Lord Jesus. Your prophet taught us that the least desire to serve you was greater than any desire to serve this world. Lord Jesus, we want to just put our hearts towards you, Lord. Our life's ambition, goals, and plans, everything towards you, Lord Jesus. True success is walking faithfully with Jesus. For there's answers for all things, Lord. The mountains you move, Lord. When we can come with the right motive and objective, when we can come right behind your word, Lord Jesus, only asking what your word says. Father, we have access to anything we desire. Lord Jesus, teach us to speak the heavenly language. Lord Jesus, teach us to dwell, Lord Jesus, in that heavenly world. Lord, your prophet said we are in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Now, Father, but how can we be in such a place if we don't feed on your word? If we don't dwell and live in your word, Lord, there's freedom by the preaching of the word. There's deliverance by the preaching of the word. There's healing by the preaching of the word. There's an answer by the preaching of the word. There's no problem too great. Your word can't answer, Lord Jesus. We're the problem. We think that there's a limit to your power, Lord Jesus. When you never preached of a limitless God, Lord Jesus, but you preached us that to him all things are possible, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for our brother David and his pouring of love that he gave to us. Lord Jesus, I pray you restore to him tenfold what he's poured out, Lord Jesus. Continue to give him more revelation, Lord Jesus, that he might continue to pour out, Father, and teach us to pull on the gift, Lord, to absorb, Lord. We're not here to hear a man, Lord Jesus, but we're to hear from you, Father. If we can't amen when you speak to us, Lord Jesus, is it falling on deaf ears, Lord Jesus. No, Father, shake us, Lord Jesus. To be awoken when we hear the word to claim it as ours, Lord Jesus. We leave the remainder of the time into your hands, the baptism that's about to take place, Lord. And for those that have to go back, Lord Jesus, and go back home. Father, I pray that this night may be different from every other night, Lord Jesus. that no one leaves this place just going back, Lord, but they may be going home with the fire in their heart, Lord Jesus, to remove all the things that we've misplaced and replace you where you belong, Lord Jesus. Realign all things in our lives the way that you asked for it to be, Lord Jesus. There's only victory in one thing, and that's your word, Lord Jesus. We believe it and we trust you, Lord, and we love you. We ask these things in the precious mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Be the driver of every vehicle. Depart from every person from incidents and accidents, Lord Jesus. Let them get home safely, Father. And let us come back with hearts ablaze on Sunday to hear from you once more, Lord Jesus. We thank you and we love you. We ask these things in the precious and wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Those that wants to go can go. You may have your seats. I'm forgiven because you were forsaken. I'm accepted. You were [Music] condemned. I'm alive and well. Your spirit lives within me because you died and rose again. [Music] Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would act for me. Amazing love I know be true. And it's my joy to honor [Music] you with all I do. I honor you. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Why don't we stand and sing that? Amen. Hey, there's nothing sing like like like seeing someone getting baptized. Amen. It brings all the joy that is in the world. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord. Oh [Music] my. Oh, the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. [Music] I'm [Music] so strong. Oh my [Music] [Music] go the name of the Lord. Bless be the name of the Lord. Bless be the name of the Lord most high. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, Jesus is the name. Oh, Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh, Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh, Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord is the name of the Lord. I [Music] just believe it all [Music] so that the righteous running through may I see blessed be everlasting Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] High heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Good morning. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
