################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - [2025-04-06pm] Sunday Evening Service  Christian Life Tabernacle - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    [2025-04-06pm] Sunday Evening Service | Christian Life Tabernacle
Speaker:  William M. Branham
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Tape Service
Duration: 2h 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVsY_KzOlVA
========================================

Description:
Christian Life Tabernacle
April 6th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Then be it onto me according to your word, according to your promises. Carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free. according to your word, oh Lord. Be it unto me. Sing it again. Be it onto me. According to your word, according to your promises, I can stand secure. Love upon my heart, the truth that sets me free according to your word, oh Lord. Be it unto me. Sing it again. And be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word oh it unto me. Hallelujah. Ask brother Tommy to come up and open up our service in a word of prayer. [Music] Let's just go to our Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're find it such an honor, Lord, to be in your house this evening, Lord, and to be able to worship you and know you. Lord, we're so grateful. Lord, we're praying that your presence would come down this evening in a mighty powerful way, Lord, and just touch each heart, Lord, if there be any needs or anything that anyone would be battling, Lord, that you would help them overcome that or that that need would be met, Lord. Lord, we're so grateful, Lord, to be in your presence, Lord, each day, Lord, and to have the opportunity to know you and walk with you every day, Lord. It's such a pleasure, Lord, and an honor. Lord, we pray your blessings upon the service and upon each one who's made their way to your house today, Lord. Lord, may we receive what you've placed upon the heart of the minister, Lord. And may you bless the communion service, Lord. We're so grateful, Lord. We thank you for all you do in Jesus Christ's [Music] name. You may be seated. Let's sing. Hold the God's unchanging hand. [Music] And time is filled with swift transition. Will and not of earth move can stay. Oh [Music] me. Well, you got a hope. God [Music] changing. Oh, you got [Music] changing. You got to [Music] hold changing. [Music] King to God. [Music] trust in him well and trust in [Music] him and [Music] Now my heart for you. You got to hold to God. Thoughts are [Music] changing and lives are changing. [Music] something eternal. [Music] Oh God for changing him. God is not this world and time. [Music] And now so [Music] re and see [Music] today and day pass [Music] away to God's changing. You got to hold to God's unchanging name and be your hope eternal. Oh to God when your journey is complete and way your turn. [Music] [Music] Oh my god. So where you got a hold to God changing hand. Oh, you got a hold to God changing hand. [Music] Oh [Music] go to God changing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the land of God. All my life I see the reason of my [Music] secret. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] as I walk away. And once my heart was I see once I had till I was on the tree and the king of [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] All the narrow way of God is with me well and he is with me everywhere and he knows my answer just as free for the spirit that control. Jesus satisfy my soul sight. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelujah. I rejoice in thy name as I walk together for the comfort of us with me. There's no mercy. There's no first for the things of the [Music] [Music] world. All my today, all my brother will be above. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I'm rejoicing in day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort. Come on with me and let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has come. Straight to the land above. Go and give it to the Lord. My way is my God. with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Well, let me close to the side of my soul. [Music] free and my soul satisfied. Feel my way every day with love. Feel my f my way. [Music] As I walk with the heavenly fill my way soon, soon the rain and [Music] My promise bless my way. Feel my way. Feel my way. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Music] go every day. I've seen that last verse again and soon the praise will be and I'll try in my heart. Feel my way every day. Feel my f my way as I walk with your [Music] heavenly with a song and a smile my way every day with love. Hallelujah. Well, Gabriel has a special. Have him go up at this time. [Music] [Music] Very invoke [Music] No, this ver adores. [Music] Invador. [Music] Yes. [Music] [Music] Yes. [Music] [Music] Ador me. Say no me. [Music] Ele. [Music] [Music] Elementor. [Music] [Music] ador Glor. [Music] [Applause] We have a couple of We have a testimony here. Sister April writes, "I just wanted to testify that God answered a prayer request in less than 24 hours that my family and I had of. I wanted to praise him for his faithfulness." Amen. That's our God. You know, it's always sometimes he answers in 24 hours, sometimes 25 years, but he always answers. Hallelujah. Brother Tommy writes, "Please pray for his wife, Sister Liz. She had her tooth removed and she's in some pain. Appreciate seeing you here. We know what you're going through. If you've ever had teeth pain, you you understand it's a different world. So I my prayers go out to you. We ask brother Benji to come and pray for these and the brothers come take tithes and offerings and we want to remember the announcements that we made this morning with the 39 and under banquet that's coming in habiting this Friday. We want you to make sure that you're all signed up and then for our pavilion dedication that we're doing on Sunday. Let's pray. Almighty God, we thank you once more, Lord, for having brought us back into your house this evening, Lord. Lord, we have heard the testimony, Lord, that you are the God that answers prayer, Lord. Lord, we thank you for that once more, Lord. We do not want to forget, Lord, to give time to set time aside to just thank thank you, Lord. Lord, if there's one thing that we should do more, Lord, is to thank you, Lord, for everything that you do for us, Lord, that you do for us, Lord, even that we do not know, Lord, each day as the day goes by, as the years goes by, Lord, you have done so much for us, Lord, that we do not know, Lord. And we know there's one thing, Lord, even as we walk through this path, Lord, as our pastor has been laying down, laboring down, Lord, preaching us to about the path. What is the path forward, Lord, for us, Lord? And we know as as human being Lord sometimes Lord we like to get ahead of our guide Lord and to not listen to that guide Lord instead of paying attention and keeping us as our prophet told us to look look up to Christ Lord but we we try to look to what you mean does Lord we try to put ourself ahead of you Lord we ask for forgiveness Lord we ask Lord that you may grant us your may grace find us Lord where we at Lord if there is anybody that's Lord that needs answers Lord to the questions Lord, I believe that this morning, Lord, through the preaching of the word, Lord, that we may have received those answers, Lord. And tonight, Lord, we are back here, Lord, once more, Lord. We know that you have more for us in store for us, Lord. I pray for all the uplift of hand, Lord. You know the heart desire of each and everybody here, Lord. People are here, Lord. We have desires, Lord. But we know, Lord, these desires are not here to to not be without an answer, Lord, because you are the God that answers, Lord. You are the God that's there, Lord. You you are the great Lord. You knew exactly what each of each each and everyone here goes through Lord cuz you've gone through it yourself Lord. You came here as as a human Lord in human flesh to suffer like us Lord. So you may know that you may say Lord I know the pain that you are going through my son Lord. I know the pain that you are going through my daughter Lord. So come to me Lord with your burden Lord and I'll give you rest cuz I know what you're going through and I know what it is that you need Lord that that you need and that's the word of God Lord. So we pray that Lord that you may give us the word Lord that we may walk Lord in the word of God in this path this path is not easy Lord but we know if we are with you Lord who can stand against us Lord so Lord as we're turning our hearts at this moment Lord as we're turning our this service around to Lord preparing for the world to come forward Lord bless our brother Matthew Lord as as he's preparing to come here with the word of God may you may you anoint his lip to speak only what the desire of each and everyone here has in their heart that when we walk out these doors, we do not walk out the same, but we walk out of here with something that you have that you that that you have in store for us for for this evening, Lord. In the season that each and everyone is going through, Lord, you know, Lord, Lord, bless those that are able to give this evening. Bless those that are not able to give. May you give them, Lord, so next time they are able to give, Lord, bless those that are streaming, Lord. Bless those that are not able to make it. Bless those that are sick. Lord, may you provide healing in their body. Yes. Bless those that are weak in their body. Give them strength. Those that need deliverance, Lord, I pray that you deliver them, Lord. It may not be quick. It may not be as 24 hours, Lord. It may be a season of suffering and pain, but we know throughout at the end of all, Lord, that we will have our answer and our deliverance will come. Our healing will come, Lord. Our questions shall be answered, Lord, because you are the God that keep his promise, Lord. You you kept a covenant with Israel, Lord. You shall keep it with your bride, Lord. So we we give everything back unto you Lord. We pray all this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, a hopeless king and empty place. If God for where would I be? Where would I be? You all know the legend see through eyes of love. Oh, a hopeless case and empty gra if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing [Music] gra. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh my holy face and he [Music] empty with my grace. Precious Lord, precious Lord, please take my hand and lead me up and make him. Oh, a holy place and empty gra. God forever. Amazing grace, amazing grace, a sweet sound. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, a [Music] holiness and empty gra. If not for where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I let you see through my blood. [Music] Oh, an empty if not for a hopeless case an empty place if not for grace. Hallelujah. Let's sing the greatest love story. Casting all my cares on [Music] you. I left the barren land searching for rest. stumbling around in amnesia, bitterness and distress. But then I met the kinsman redeemer who was called the mighty one. He took this mobile from the field and to bring me to his side. He said, "Fear not, my child, for you are me, and I'll not rest till you are at my side. And I will do all that you ask of me. You're a jewel in my eye. Virtuous woman, you are my bride. I responded to your call and I responded to your call and you have covered me. Lord, with eyes of faith I see. All the mysteries. And now I see who I hear. And I lay cling to all that's mine. I'm the lamb's wife. And I've been born with the Christ. He said, "Fear not my child. You are part of me now. To you are at my side. God will do all that [Music] you have me or you to hold in my eyes. Virtuous woman, you are my bride. When I look back and see, when I look back and see how much grace and love you show me, Lord, it brings me to my knees. That you could even think about me when I'm in need. You're still Jehovah and Gyra. You're still the great healer. And with faith I'll stand on the word cuz you're more than able. He said, "Fear not, my child for you are me. [Music] You are at my side and I will do all that you must understand that you ask of me or to hold in my eyes first. You are my bride and so I'm casting. Oh, and so I'm casting all my cares on [Music] you. Oh, I know you love [Music] me. Oh, redemption, my blood. Oh, that's the greatest of story for restoration for redemption. That's what seven angels in the cloud testify my [Applause] [Music] redeemer. He's coming back for you and me. So I'm casting all my cares. Oh, I'm casting all my cares on you. Oh my creation. Oh, as the greatest of glorious [Music] [Applause] [Music] My [Music] redeemer and he's coming back for you and me. Amen. You believe that? Let's just go before him. Lord Jesus, we love you. Just thankful to come back for the evening service, Lord, to partake of communion and feet washing. What a privilege it is to be gathered together, Lord, as we just take a a few minutes to read your word and have a little fellowship about what you've written to the church, Father. May you just speak to our hearts, Lord. May we be blessed and be blessed to be together and fulfill your ordinances. Lord, we love you. We commit the service to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. We'll just have a few comments before communion. If you want to turn in your Bibles, uh we're just going to read uh 1 Corinthians chapter 10 before we go into uh communion. Um but for context, you know, anytime you jump into the word, you you want some context so then you back up and before you know it, you're all the way back to in the beginning, God gone. you know, but uh I want to just um to catch a little context of Paul writing in 1 Corinthians, we'll just start with chapter 9 and verse 24. If you'll you'll turn there and we'll let you be seated. 1 Corinthians 9 and 24 says, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize, so run that you may obtain." Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We'll just walk a little through the scripture here just for a few moments. Try not to uh be long. Um, I'm going to try to stay focused and uh I just move through here. So, I believe that just by reading the Bible, we can be blessed. Amen. It is the it is the word of God. It's the inspired word of God and it's the word that we feed on. And as um I was letting my dad know, I said, "We're we're just going to uh just maybe do a little uh just have a little study." And he said, "Yeah, you know, anything you know, the prophet said, and I said, "Well, I'm going to read a little bit of Paul." And he said, "Well, Brother Brandon preached what Paul preached." I said, "Amen." I said, "That's the truth." I I know if I started pulling in all the quotes to, "Well, then we would just need eternity, wouldn't we?" That's how the word of God is. But if you continue reading your Bibles, just keep them handy. We're just going to move right through if that would be okay. I pray it'll be a blessing. Um, we'll just continue to read right there. Um because like I said, I'm going to try to stay really focused because any uh the word of God is is so uh it's eternal. So you you read right there. So run that you may obtain. And if you could just go on that and just just go and go and go, but we want to try to come down and channel and just follow through the word. And he goes, "And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperant in all things." No. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we an incorruptible and uh my every verse you could just preach uh forever on. You see how the world they they invest so much into things that are going to waste away and are corruptible. But we and incorruptible I therefore so run not as uncertainly so fight I not as one that beatth the air but I keep under my body and bring it into subjection lest by any means when I've preached to others I myself should be a castway. So you know we're we're in the book of Corinthians and and you know uh you know it's it's a it's a book of correction. It's a great book of teaching. You know, brother Brandham would speak of the Corinthian church and he said the Corinthians, they could they could believe anything. They just wouldn't believe the right thing, you know, and and and he said and he said he couldn't he said Paul couldn't teach the Corinthians deep things because they were baby fashion. But but you know, that doesn't mean we all a sudden uh discount the book of Corinthians. Oh, I'm too mature for that. I'm an Ephesians believer. No, this is this is needful to teach us and instruct us the ways of the Lord because we we we you can't you can't just go on and and and think that you you you can discount any of the word of go. No, it's it all comes together and a mature believer can pick up the the book of Corinthians and God can continue to instruct and to and to teach. And and so I just this just come on my heart as we we're going to go into communion. I thought, well, maybe the Lord would have us know a little bit about this. So, let's just move right into um uh chapter 10. He says, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed to the sea, and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea, and did eat all the same spiritual meat, and did all drink the same spiritual drink. For they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them." And that rock was Christ. But with many of them, God was not well pleased. For they were overthrown in the wilderness. You know, the devil's still trying to overthrow God's believers and those that are following a vindicated prophet, right? He's he's trying to overthrow you. He says, "Now these things were our examples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. Neither be idolattors as were some of them. As it is written, the people sat down to eat and drink and rose up and play. Neither let us commit fornication as some of them committed and fell in one day three and 20,000. Neither let us tempt Christ as some of them also tempted and were destroyed of serpents. Neither murmur ye as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. Now all these things happened unto them for in samples and they are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. So when we read these things, it's and it's an example or a warning of what we should do and what we shouldn't do. It shows a a pattern or a direction or results of decisions. Right? That's he's saying these things are deci an examples to us. So when we look into the word and we see decisions or or that people have made and we see the result of it, it's instruction to us of what to do and what not to do. And I was just thinking of that. If you'll turn in Numbers 21, we'll just we'll just catch an example real quick of what one of those things were in Numbers chapter 21 and verse 1-6. Uh this is one of the examples that Paul uh was referring to. And just kind of picking up there, he says, "And when the king Ahad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies, then he fought against Israel and took some prisoners." And Israel vowed a vow unto the Lord, and said, "If thou wil indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities." And the Lord hearkened to the voice of Israel and delivered up the Canaanites, and they utterly destroyed them in their cities. And he called the name of the place Horma. And they journeyed from Mount Hor by the way of the Red Sea to compass the land of Edom. And the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way. And the people spake against God and against Moses. Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no bread, neither is there any water. And our soul loa this light bread. And the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people and they bit the people. And much people of Israel died. Ain't that just like man to serve God in the good times? You know, Lord, if you'll give me this and that, you know, we we'll follow you. We'll serve you. And then God comes with a mighty hand and hey, and delivers them what they asked for and and makes a way for them. And then he's leading them. and the way that he was leading him, the people started to get uh uh discontented. I thought it was amazing to me that a vindicated prophet and a pillar of fire by day and a cloud by night wasn't enough for them. Think about it. They're del having their task masters, every single one of them dead in the Red Sea. It wasn't enough for them and they got discouraged in the way because they forgot. They forgot where they come from. They forgot, you know what? This is God's provided way. We are being led by a vindicated prophet. We are being led by a pillar of fire and and if the way gets hard, you we would say we as believers, we want to say, you know what, Lord, if this is the way you want to go, if this is the way the prophets's taken, if this if this is the way where the pillar of fire is taken, I don't want to go any other way. Right? You know, just because the way might seem better, if the pillar of fire ain't there, I don't want to go if the prophet didn't teach it, I don't want to learn it because it it's it I don't need it. You see, why why study things? You know, when you fellowship around the word, um I I I realized as a as a as a young Christian, hypotheticals do you no good? you know, you you start to you start to uh uh uh look into the word and you start to wonder, well, what happens? But if this didn't or that, you know, well, what would that have been? And and I remember year years ago I I I learned a a valuable lesson. I I called up brother Tim Puit and one time I was on a road trip and we were just fellowshipping and and one of these ideas popped into my head and I was like, "Oh yeah, you know, well, I was just thinking, you know, what happens if if Adam and Eve never fail and and and so here's the serpent. How would how would if God had done and you know and all of a sudden I was like you know what I mean brother Tim he's like you he was like nope I don't I don't know what you mean at all cuz that's not what happened that's not what what and then he started and I and he started to just say what the word said and I'm like kind of like well yeah you know I mean that was okay yes that's right it doesn't matter the the hypothetical the only thing that matters is what he said right and and and it's so easy to get discouraged in the way you know just stay with what He said if you can't understand it, hey, we're being led. Let's not let's not do we have an example, right? That that how they started to get discouraged in the way and God was supernaturally bringing in that way. I mean, their shoes weren't wearing out. They had fresh mana every day, but it's it's just like man to get discouraged and serve God in the good times, but they start to murmur and complain. And I just think, where is the trust? Where is the faithfulness? You know, it's amazing. It's amazing how uh uh uh the word wasn't enough. What God provided wasn't enough. And that's in the flesh realm. If you're not careful, you allow that serpent nature to start to to think and dwell on things that you shouldn't. And that's how you'll get discouraged in the way. But these things are written for our instruction to admonish us and make us aware. Going on to verse 12, it says, "Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth take heed lest he fall." That's right. Take heed lest you fall. So we we we have examples in the scriptures. We have examples in the church ages. We have examples in our church. We have examples in our families. In our marriages, in our children. That's right. I mean, if if you're not learning, let's start learning. you know, if you're not getting the right result at home and you wonder why you always have a bad atmosphere, you know, let let's fix it. We we have examples and things to do and how to change the atmosphere. And we look into the message. If if if there's a bad atmosphere in the home, it's time to put on the apron. It's time to get to work. That's right. But we're so far above everything and so spiritual, we don't know how to get dirty. You You got to get dirty. You got to get to cleaning. You got to get to work. You got to take responsibility. Ain't that what the prophet did and come home and the house was all a wreck? He didn't say, "I've been out on the mission field preaching the gospel, winning souls, and when I come home, I should have a hot dinner on the table. Why are the kids fussing and fighting and and and you should have an atmosphere here that I can come to? What's wrong with you?" You know, he come home and said, "Oh my Lord." And he just thought, "Oh, honey, dear." And he put on that apron a little he he'd be praying for her and what was he doing? He was a he was a creator, right? Yeah. Creating an atmosphere. G. He put the apron on. He started washing. He started helping out. And he said before you know it, the atmosphere came on and the kids were now playing and everything was all right. We have examples. I if you're discouraged in the way it's it say Lord Lord why am I discouraged? Why is this bothering me? What are you trying to show me? Is something wrong? Lord if something's wrong I want to make it right. I I I I have these examples. I see how these things happen and and all these things and and so we don't just have what's written in the scripture, but we we also have a a vindicated prophet whose life was an open book, an example of a shewave in our day of of how uh uh to to to in the times of discouragement. Yes, sir. Come on. We get discouraged. But one thing we should never be discouraged in is in the provided way. That's right. Cuz that's the only way to make it through. I mean, or you'll just keep going in circles. That's right. Until one day you finally say, "Have I compassed this mountain long enough?" Yes, sir. The message is right, Lord. Let me go on. Let's go on into all the promises of God. May I just submit? May I surrender? Lord, I realize my ways are not your ways, and I'm done trying to make it. Lord, I'm going to take heed lest I fall. Verse 13 says, "There hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man, but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able, but will with the temptation also make a way to escape that you may be able to bear it." So, there's a there's a a way of escape, a provided way. You know, the prophet would talk about how men with their science and education, they're always trying to find a way. And said, even right now, they're trying to dig down be in into the bottoms of the earth to to to escape the the atomic bombs that are coming. And he was saying that way back in 50s and 60s. And I'm surely he probably even saw what they were trying to do because now you can buy one if you if you want to go look at they have them for for sale. They have these silos that are thousands of feet in the earth and you can go down and live in that thing for a long time. And you know, it wouldn't bother humans today because they're basically cut off from the world anyways. Like do do we get cell service down there? You know, put me in a little cubicle. I'm fine. But they're they're they're trying. Man has a provided way, but God has a provided way. And and that is the only way of escape is the provided way. And we know that is the word of God. It's the message of the hour that has been delivered to this bride. Verse 14. Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. I speak as to wise men, judge ye that I say, the cup of blessing which we bless. Is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we being many are one bread and one body. For we are all partakers of that one bread. You you talk about fellowship. Fellowship by the blood. Fellowship by redemption. Fellowship by reconciliation. That's that's the fellowship of the body of Christ. For by one spirit we're all baptized into that body. We're partakers of one bread. That's right. Not many bread, not many. It's one bread. I am the bread that came down out of heaven. Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life of you. Think about it now, what Paul's talking about this communion. Really, if there's anybody on the face of the earth that can have communion, it's the provided way that God has given the bride that we have communion with him. Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood. He said, "My my flesh is meat indeed. My my blood is drink indeed." Well, they couldn't understand it. Oh, but we we we have that bread. I am the bread that cometh down out of heaven. That's what if you just turn in your Bibles real quick to John 6:56, we'll read it. I mean, everything I tell you what, you ought to listen to a a message. uh and brother Brandham and actually start writing down every scriptural reference. You'll find out I it's it's it's the spirit of prophecy. It's just Bible Bible word word. And a lot of times we take it for granted and we we don't realize that um brother Brandon preached the Bible. This isn't something new and made up and and even so where the Lord had to come back around and say it's not on the back side of the book. Everything's in there. The seals just had to be taken off that we would be able to see it in there because without look without Malachi 45:5 this is a closed book you're presuming and probing but John 6:56 let me get there all familiar things but I think it's good to go through the Bible and and uh revisit these things because these are our foundations right uh John 6:56 he says says, "He that eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood dwelleth in me and I in him. As the living father has sent me, and I live by the Father, so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me. This is the bread that came down from heaven. Not as your father did eat mana and are dead. He that eateth of this bread shall live forever." I am the bread that cometh down out of heaven. What is it? That's that's Revelations 10. The mighty angel coming down, the prophet of God said only Christ that could be right. So then, and I I stuck this quote in here because I wanted to read it. Sometimes we we run through these things, but in in in anointed ones at the end time, the prophet said, "The son of man is Christ. He is the one that you're feeding on." That's right. You're not feeding on a man. and a man, his words will fail. But you're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. We are fulfilling the very scripture that Jesus spoke of. Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you. But oh, if you eat if you eat this word, you become one with me. what what the whole Christian world is searching for. We have we have the way of escape. We we have the bread of life, not a portion of the word. We have the fullness of the word. We don't have something that has mold on it and it's it's it's decaying away and and you're just trying to get by. No, this is life sustaining word. Amen. He said, "If you haven't fed fully on every word to give you strength to fly above all these denominations and things of the world, will you at this time do it while we pray?" I say we ought to approach communion this way because we are feeding on the body word, son of man. Just continuing on in our study here in in Corinthians 10. Just go back there uh now into verse 18. He says, "Behold, Israel after the flesh? Are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar? What say I then that the idol is anything? Or that which is offered and sacrificed to idols is anything? But I say that these that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they are sacrificed to devils and not to God. And I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils. You cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of devils. You cannot be partakers of the Lord's table and of the tables of devils. Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? Are we stronger than he? All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient. All things are lawful for me, but all things edify not. Now, this let's just take some time because I I want to get some context. Jump over to uh 1 Corinthians 6 real quick. Just turn back there. 1 Corinthians 6. Because if if we really meditate on this and and really pray for revelation, uh this is something wonderful. But but Paul has already stated this to the Corinthians in in uh chapter 6 and verse 12. If you turn there, he says it like this. He says, "All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient." All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any. So he's saying, even if it's lawful, That's right. I'm not going to be brought under the power of something, even if it's lawful for me to do it. He says meats for the belly and belly for the meats, but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord, and the Lord for the body. And we so we we know fornication is unclean living. And the prophet of God said the same spirit that's in fornication is the same spirit that's in organization. And if we're not careful, we we so quickly um absolve ourselves, right? Like, well, that's not me. But but we have a perfect word and we are called to go on to perfection. We we have a provided way. And the prophet of God in in is your life worthy of the gospel. He said if you don't follow Jesus every day, every step of the way, you take on an organizational life and that's a life that's not worthy of the gospel. So I say, Lord, Lord, help me. I I I want to be led every step of the every day. the these things are are not laid in there for us to just think it's some pie in the sky. But it's a promise to the believer that that's what he wants to produce in your life. And so, you know, we should seek that. Say, Lord, I want to see this in my life. I I believe that this could become a a reality, Lord, that where I can follow you every step of the way. And and Paul would go on here in in Corinthians um 6 showing how our body is a temple of the Lord. And in verse 20 he would say that for we are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods. So we can clearly see that Paul is showing that there are things that are lawful. But we do not let those things control us. Everything you do in word or deed do all in the name of Jesus Christ. If you can't do it in Jesus name, Leave it alone. And if you can't leave it alone, it has control over you. Right. Look, we're talking about growing up. I mean, if if you if you can't handle your cell phone, it's a real problem. If you can't handle certain music, it it's controlling you. And that's not to beat you up and to try to say you're less of a Christian. No, we're being taught and instructed in a more excellent way that we could that Paul is showing us, look, just because something's lawful. Um, I I don't I don't I don't come under the control of that because I I'm a temple of the Lord. I want to be available to him in all things. No room for the de, no room for me. I'm last place. Right? So that he's showing that more excellent way that we're not brought under the power of any. So, so no job, no game, no politics, no trial, no situation will govern or control my body because it is the temple of the Lord. And and I I like this this this will take um just a moment here in as we we move to uh verse 23 in our study here of uh 1 Corinthians chapter 10. It's where he says, "All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient." All things are lawful for me, but all things edify not. And I I was just pondering um this scripture here um because and and looking into it. And I thought it profound how brother Brandon would would reference this scripture in in in in a few places. He would use the scripture when he would be talking about traveling overseas and he'd say, "You know what happens? I went overseas and I got and I got lonely and I went with a girl." And he said, "You know, I I she would never know." This is that voice of reason, right? Talking and saying, "Oh, if you went over and you got if if you got uh lonely and and and you and you you went with a girl, oh, she would never know." He said, "But I would know." And and as I was looking at this, I was just pondering on that and and I remember what brother Brandham said in perfect faith. And I and I just wanted to read that. He said, "Notice St. John means in 1 John 3:20, he said, "If our heart condemn us not, then we have confidence towards God. But as long as you're doing things that's wrong, you can't have confidence towards God." He said, he said, "I love her too much. I couldn't even face her in that." And and a lot of times where we're at in our lives, we feel so much condemnation because of of maybe things that we've done, we feel like we can't even face God. But as long as you're doing things that's wrong, you can't have confidence towards God. So you see, you you'll automatically know that you're wrong. You automatically put your yourself back there as a sinner by knowing that you're wrong. But when your heart don't condemn you and you know you are a believer and there's nothing between you and God, you can ask what you will and know that it'll be given because it's the word that's given to you just like it was to those disciples. Now the only thing you have to do then is have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the word says you are. And and Jesus had faith in the word of God that said he was it is written of me. Didn't David in the Psalms and the prophets and all them speak of him? I am the bread of life that come down out of heaven. Amen. I am the tree of life from the garden of Eden. I am all these things. I am that I am. And he knew with that perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah that the spirit of God was upon him. He said, "Now I myself do nothing, but it's my faith in God." And God was in him and the word manifest. And when the word of God comes in you, it's made manifest for you are a believer. See, and a believer is the faith of God that moves in you. And and I and I I I believe that this very word that that Paul is preaching, I it can move in us where may the word have such preeminence in our lives moving in us that we are prisoners of Christ, a love slave to him where brother Brand would say, "And if I love my wife that much, what about my Lord?" And and he he he gives this scenario and then he says, "And if I love my wife that much, what about my Lord?" Paul said, "All things are lawful, not expedient." And it struck me that whether it be some great sin or even something that's lawful but not expedient. Oh, you talk about a honing down, church. You talk about a honing down to where we we want to get to a place where we're so sensitive. Yes, sir. Look, look, the prophet was was was crushed a and his will uh just totally, if I could say it that way, but but he he was he was so surrendered that he was so depending on him where to go and to turn left or to right when the wind would blow maybe a he said, "Lord, is that you?" A sensitivity. We're so set in our ways and we got our nineto-5 Are are we are have we been brought under control of things that are lawful to where we're just in such control by Lady Oia? Oh no, I I I can't be late to work. Oh, I I can't miss work for the word. I can't do this or that. What power are we under? What are you putting your trust in? What are you putting your confidence in? And and it just struck me how my I I I want to be so in love with God that that that I'm such a love slave to him that when maybe something might be lawful, but I say, "Lord, maybe this isn't furthering your kingdom, we're talking about a maturity, a furthering the kingdom of God to where I ain't saying that you you you can't play games and you can't do certain things, that's lawful. But when it starts to take away from a real leading and to where you're hungering for those things and you have a thirst for things besides the leadership and will of God and things you can't do in his name, where you can't uh uh uh you know, have a little prayer and Lord, I want you to be a part of this. That's something you need to move away from. So if we move on to verse 24, he says, "Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth." Well, there's a hard one. We We all want to make ourselves better, but we don't want to make anybody else better. We can just let that one go, but we ought to be looking on others. We're so busy taking care of ourselves that we have no time for anybody else. Verse 25. Whatsoever is sold in the shambles that eat asking no question for conscience sake. Now, just to help you with that a little bit, shambles is a meat market or a grocery store. And so, um, to give some context to that, I was just thinking on this that, you know, um, he's he just went through speaking about, you know, food and things, sacrifices offered to devils. And he's he's and he's talking to a people who are coming out of law into grace because I mean we've seen legalism within the frameworks of the message of the hour and it's it's bondage not liberty. And people look at the message and would think that you're in bondage. They see maybe a wall and they see uh uh rules and regulations and all these things around and say, "Well, you can't go and do anything." It's they have the wrong perception. I It's the walls and the fences and everything is keeping all the nonsense out. It's protection. It's liberty. It's freedom. You're covered in the blood. You're covered by the word. Free to worship. Free to praise. Amen. Amen. Unencumbered by the things of the world. You're protected. I it's it's a liberty. But and so if if I could say what I see in this, he's saying that I it's you don't have to you don't have to be nervous and anxious and be like, I I I bought hamburger meat at the store. I wonder if I wonder if the farm it came from if if they're unbelievers and maybe they offered it to to uh to devils and and now we got to research everything and you know you know how you get it and it's like 40% 60% or 80% they're like well you know 30%'s offered to devils but you know hey I think we're good. He's saying look don't worry about for your conscience sake just he he says he says whatsoever sold in that shambles that eat asking no questions for conscience sake for the earth is the Lord and the fullness thereof if any of them that believe not bid you to feast and you be disposed to go whatsoever is set before you eat asking no questions for your conscience's sake that's some of our problems you just always have a question we We need to be certain of God. Lord, I I I I I this person invited me over and and you know, I'm going to go over there, Father, maybe I can say something and lead them to you. But Satan will get you so nervous. Oh, the token's not applied and maybe this and that. No, you you you you you if you get all anxious and worried and and I was just and I was just sharing this and talking to my family about it, how how you know uh music is a big gray area and and and I say I I I I the believers that get up and and uh uh sing songs unto the Lord and they worship with their heart, I I don't ask questions for conscience sake, you know, and and because if you go back and you find out where some of those things came from, you know, you find out that's a little, you know, that's a that's a little questionable there. And so I teach my family, you know, if if I I like for my family's sake just to maybe look into it. That way, um, if we're the ones to present it, that if somebody looks up where it came from, they might not think that's something we would promote. But but I I let you know right now, I I I'm not ever going to be in the seat of the critic. If somebody gets up and sings a song of the Lord, I I'm all for it. Praise God. God bless them. I'm not going to sit over there and be like with a question in my mind, well, let me see if I can worship to that song. Wait a second. Let me let me Okay, yeah, we're good. I've seen people under that bondage. They they they've been taught it in such a way to question everything that they're sitting in service. Praise the Lord. And the song service goes to the next one. Oh, I know where that one come from. Can't can't worship to that one. Hallelujah. Oh, sorry. They don't know what to do. And and I feel that this is great teaching from Paul. Look for if it's set before you, just just enter in. You know, partake of it. You don't have to question everything and be legalism. Where did that come from? Where did that come from? Can I do this? Can I do that? Have liberty. That's right. The Lord loves you. And if you're doing something ain't right, he'll tell you. You'll feel something in your spirit and you'll be like, you know, maybe I maybe I ought to check into that. But when we get into a place where we're questioning everything and forcing this conviction on them and they ought to dress like this, they shouldn't sing that, they shouldn't do that, we we we've got we we're missing it. Now, a pastor has the right to stand in the pulpit and tell you exactly which way and what not to where to go. And that's his position and he's ordained by God to lead you through. That's right. So, so you listen to that, but you understand what I'm saying and what Paul's teaching here. You don't if it's set before you and you just, you know what, I'm trusting the Lord here. You don't have to ask all these questions. Are are you are are you seeing that what what's being said here in the scripture? Are you with me? Okay. If any of them that believe not bid you to feast and you be disposed to go, whatsoever is set before you, eat, ask no questions for the conscience's sake. But if a man say unto you, this is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that showed it. Look, would I have family? Um, I'm going to stay focused. But eat not for his sake that showed it and for a conscious sake. For the earth is the Lord and the fullness of thereof. I I'll just say it like this. It said for their sake because you're testifying to them. I I don't partake of those things. And when I have family come into town, you know what I do? I testify to them. I go to church. You want to come visit me between 10 and 1 o'clock on Sunday, I'm gonna be here or in another church somewhere traveling and between five and right because I'm testifying to them that that's what I do. And I I think there's something to gather from it. It says, it says if they say what what this is for, eat it not for their sake. Letting them know, no, I don't believe like that. And then they know, okay, that offends you. I I I I won't I won't offer that to you. You know, you have a lot of friends you come in contact. I I I have friends I'll come in contact, you know, and and they're kind and they they they you know, they clean up their talk and everything and sometimes every once in a while a word will slip out. They say, "Oh, I'm sorry, brother. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I said that." They don't say brother, but I'm sorry I said that because they have respect for me and you have respect for one another and I and I believe that the these things are wonderful. He he doesn't say right here, this is offered uh is sacrifice unto idols, eating not for his sake that it showed and for conscious sake and then go on and say you should really read him the rights act. No, but it's an opportunity say, "Oh, you know, I'm sorry. you know, I I can't partake of that because of of what it's being offered to, but I' I'd be happy if if maybe we we we did this. We I can I can share in this together. And you know what? A lot of times you'll find out people are just they're just interested in having fellowship, too. Find something common. Find something that you can do in common. But don't go on their grounds. Then you're partaking. There's certain things we don't do because we're testifying to them there's a better way. Moving on here. just um 29 conscience I say not thine own but of the other for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience it's the very thing that we were moving in through this my we get to such a place where our own liberty is being judged by somebody else's conviction and we feel like we have no freedom we must get past allowing what other people think to rob us of our liberty our liberty is in the Holy Ghost our liberty is in Christ, the anointed word of the hour. Not what a man thinks we should do with the word, but what he wants us to do with the word. That's right. Ain't that what he said in the church age book that this is the secret? The word is in the bride as it was in Mary. She has the mind of Christ and she knows what he wants done with the word. Verse 30. Where did my phone go? Oh my. Just even reading the Bible verse starts to get long. I apologize. I thought it'd be just 30 minutes. 39. We're just coming to a close here. For uh in verse 30 now, he says, "For if by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of? For that which I give thanks, whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God. Give none offense, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God, even as I please all men in all things, not seeking my own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved. Oh, now we're that's profitable. That's expedient to seek and save that which is lost. Not living for ourselves, but living for others. Not not coming under the power and control. A and if I can say it like this, you you have a nineto-5. That's your witnessing field. Your occupation I is is not a doctor, a masonary, uh uh you you know a a an architect, a tree cutter, a tile layer that your occupation is a believer. I mean Jesus was a carpenter. Oh my. But he had a much greater mission. and you, oh, you might be this or that, but you have a much greater mission. I must be about my father's business. So, as we approach the communion table, may we have confidence towards God, making our wrongs right, if we're doing things that are lawful, but it has power over us, let's let's repent. Let's if we're being if it's robbing us of our time and robbing us of our prayer life, we realize that we need to be correction and have some correction. Say, Lord, may I be given into things that are expedient, having the mind of Christ that we can say as as Paul just said here in verse 31, whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God. God bless you. [Applause] I love the scriptures, don't you? Amen. You know, I just uh I just feel such a u theme that's just been running through uh the services, you know, we've been we've placed it under a general theme of a a path forward, but of the brothers even that have come to minister, our brother this morning, brother Bill Ivy, of the different ones that have have spoken, it just seems like there's a call for a higher ground. You know what I mean? Look at that. uh just kind of a pull to to to move up and to uh to bring the the realities of the gospel and the testimonies that the Lord has set before us and the witness the the cloud of witness that's so strong around us to encourage us to understand that we can partake of the goodness of God. And you know, uh, God has grace and mercy and power to supply a more dedicated life to us if that's what we're hungering and thirsting for. So if if if you and uh we've heard wonderful examples, our brother said this morning about the apple. You've got to eat of the apple. Well, that's what God does. He gives you a taste through the word of God, through testimony and through Isaav. He He lets you get a glimpse into seeing there's more power of God. There's there's more God. I I can be free to from the sin that so easily but sets me. I can overcome the lust of my eyes and the lust of the flesh. I I can get deliverance from my temper. Right? I I can be free from my anxieties and my depressions and my fears and and the word of God is preached out to us through the scriptures that we might begin to have hope. And then he reveals to us that those things are possible in him. Yes. And like our brother preached this morning, he said, "You you've got to contact him because that's the only thing that endures. It's the only thing that lasts." And and I believe that the call I is is uh going out to us in in such a kind and gentle way to step up, you know, to move up because time's running out. you know, time's running out. Every everybody everybody uh uh the things that are going on. I know that, you know, we probably don't spend as much time in the news and in politics as as a lot of the people do and and so our world's sheltered. But there's some amazing things going on in the and the world and things that are moving towards the closing of churches and the and the uh shutting down of religious freedoms and the things that you can say and you you can't say and and they're they're starting to press in. And we've been told by a prophet that there come a squeeze. Amen. And he said there there'll come a time where they'll turn this in uh they'll try to turn your churches into a a just a storehouse. And and I thought, you know, we look at that in the natural and the carnal, but what happens if if if it it was actually was also like a spiritual condition we got in where we've just be we just throw up the word, right? We know it, but it's not taking us anywhere. And and I I I want to be lifted up, don't you? I want to be lifted up. And And we find out that and I I believe Brother Matthew just brought that out so beautifully. when when we get condemned uh and we get convicted and we get beat down and and then we lose our joy and and the prophet of God uh said something let in and I believe it's in the message of what do we plant and where do we plant it? It's a it's one of those messages that'll just slip you by. But if you listen to it, he says it's the lack of joy keeps us from growing. And he spends quite a bit of time about talking about the believer, how they've lost their joy of salvation, how they've lost the joy of their revelation, how they've lost the joy of hearing this message, how they've lost the joy of what it means to be elected. and what it means to be chosen. And they've lost their joy of changing, of of moving up, growing, maturing, uh being in the sun, uh having the virtue and life start to take hold. And and I thought as Matthew went through these uh beautiful scriptures to us, it it's just like a call. Get get these things in your life. Amen. where you're not tossed to and fro. Get these things in your life where you know where you stand. Get these things in your life where you're not questioning your experience. And if if you if you have things in your life that are pressing you, those are the things you want to talk over God with. Amen. Those are the things you want. You don't want to run and hide. Right. And and I always thought of uh what what I heard and I always thought about you know what if I would have went up in front of the messenger of the hour after everybody said oh I wish I could have went up in front of brother Brandham. I I I don't know if you know I mean you might say that but when you think about it nothing's hid then you know what I mean really what the the real secret of your heart and really what's in your heart would would would be exposed you know I mean and really what it is that that you desire he would he would have known that and and I think that if that's what really uh what it what the real desire of our our heart is is that we we we do want to come up to higher ground. And so, uh, he told the story, the messenger told the story about the the woman that went and bought the, uh, oil and, uh, the alabaster to anoint Jesus's feet. And he she when she got there, she looked out and she said, "If I go there and anoint his feet and wipe his feet with my tears, he will know where I got the money." And I thought, "Wow, that would have stopped me. he would know what I've been doing. But he she said but she knew he was the only one that could help her. Just think of that. And that's why she went down there. It didn't matter if he knew what she was doing. It didn't matter if she knew the problems that she had in her life. It didn't matter if she knew the failures, but she knew Lord He had the grace, the power, and the mercy to help her. And that's some of the higher ground that we've got to start pressing to. That's part of the higher ground that Matthew as we read through Corinthians, Paul was telling us, overcome. It's given to the overcomer. It's given to the overcomer. Let us press to be better Christians. Let us press to apply the token. Let us press to to to leave, as uh Matt, you said, those things that are lawful for us, but they're not helping us. Let us have the courage and the strength to bring our lives more and more and more into the example that we've had in our day. And as I can say for our messenger, as they said for theirs, Paul said, "Be ye followers of me as I am of Christ." I believe we have an example in our day that we can follow. So let us be encouraged. Let us be lifted up. And let us press for the higher calling, the mark of the higher calling. Let us leave those things which are behind behind and press for the mark of the higher calling. So go I just I just trust that you'll ask the Lord for Isa and reign them and ask God for those things. Lord, show me. And believe me, you say, "Well, I've sinned. I've done things wrong." He knew it when he went to Calvary. Amen. Well, we are yet a sinner. He died for us. So, let it and and I tell you, when you do something that's right and good, you will feel the joy That's right. of the Lord come around you. Amen. You'll feel good about yourself. You'll feel the joy. You'll you'll feel the happiness. You'll feel his hand. And you feel his touch. And and and he loves you. And I know he loves me because I would have given up on myself a long time ago. You know what I mean? I've I've done so many things wrong before the Lord that I you know I I I can't even explain why he stays with me and helps me and blesses me. There is no reason for it other than he's just got perfect divine love and he's not going to lose one of us. And so you say, "Well, I I've made mistakes." You know what? You got a choice of living under a mistake all your life or just going to the one that can help you with your mistake. Lord, I made a mistake. make my life go better from now. You've got involved in things you shouldn't be involved in. Don't let that rule your life. As Matthew said, don't don't be stuck under bondage all your life. Don't don't be ruled by those things when you've got an invitation. And that's what communion is. Communion's that invitation for you to come talk it over with him. It's an invitation for you to say, "Lord, I'm weak in this. I've searched my heart. I'm coming to you to lay this at your feet to get deliverance to to get healed because there's healing in communion and to get to to to I I'm here because I want to go up higher. I know it's real. I know this power is real. I know the ability to overcome is real. I know the ability to have power over the enemy is real. Uh, I know the ability to bring my flesh into subjection is real. I know it's real because I've heard it and your spirits bore witness of it to my spirit. Now, I want that to be a reality in my life. And and for communion tonight, that's what our desire is. that that this life that the prophet of God presented because he wanted to restore the faith back to the church, this restoration of faith that's coming back to the church, a restoration of love and dedication that we can be partakers of that through the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. And that's what our desire is. So don't condemn yourself. Look up your redemption's nigh. Don't Don't rule yourself unworthy. Rule that he has grace and mercy to receive you. And let us just step farther up into the things of the Lord. Let us turn in our Bibles if we would over to uh uh 1 Corinthians uh the 11th chapter and the uh 23rd verse. And I thought of brother Raphael this morning. He said, "Well, I just kept putting my glasses down and I can read." And and I thought, "Well, I can read it without my glasses, too." Amen. I can do that now. But it does make it easier. So, uh, that's good. I I remember a fella was he told me he said that uh he he grew up in Pentecost and he said he he was at a meeting one time. He said brother Ram pulled out his glasses. He said he gave him a deliverance like he never had, you know, and so uh but uh but anyway, so but I can read it without it. So I want to join in your testimony. Amen. But by 75 years makes this a little bit easier. Oh, I'm happy. Aren't you? I'm telling you, think of what the prophet said. You can't grow without joy. That's right. Amen. I want to grow. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take eat. For this is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. For after the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as ye drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore, whosoever shall eateth this bread and drinkkeeth this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily, eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, carry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home. For you come not together unto condemnation and the rest will I set in order when I come. It isn't that wonderful. This is a time uh God bless you. The brothers will come. You may be seated. This is a time that you can sit there and you can judge yourself and if there's something in your life, purpose to surrender that to the Lord. Remember our messenger said, he said, "Don't try to figure it out. Don't try to f find your way back. Just surrender and he'll lead you back. So communion tonight is for you to surrender. I don't know if there would be anybody streaming at home tonight that uh would stream and not want to be here, but but uh purpose in your heart that the next time there's a communion that you'll be here. Let us all bow together as we pray. Our gracious heavenly father, the bread of life, you are that bread which came down from heaven. Father, and we take this communion to remember that the sin that kept us from you, that you paid the price for that. that you could be with us and even in us till the end. And we partake of this bread knowing that your spirit is life and your words are truth. And Father, we can eat the words of your gospel into our life and they'll produce life and life more abundant. We take this broken bread, Father, in remembrance of your price that you paid, the love that you had for us, and we ask you to bless it to us. And Father, the wine that you said represents the blood that was shed on our behalf, that the life and the spirit that was in that blood could come and dwell in the believer. Father, we do these things in in remembrance that you commanded us to do this when we came together. Father, tonight we've assembled here to partake of communion, to commune with you, to remember your mercies and your kindness towards us, to remember the power that you have to change and forgive and deliver. Father, you're have overcome. And by that overcoming power, Father, we believe that we can overcome. Father, each of us this evening has certainly things in our life that we need to do better. Certainly, we have things in our life that so easily besets us. Many of us are ashamed of some of the weaknesses that we have. But Father, we come to you because there's no other place we can go for you alone have the words of eternal life. And Lord, we're trusting this evening as we examine ourselves. We don't come to eat, Father, because there's no fault in us. We come to eat because we believe that you've got power to overcome our faults and that through you we can be an overcomer. I ask you to bless each heart father and as our word was ministered to us tonight that the judgments and our judgments would be pure. Father, that we hold no malice or no envy or no strife to any believer. Father, we wouldn't judge people by the way that they worship, but by the spirit within their heart. Father, help us rise up to be the kind of Christians that we should be. We take communion tonight with those hopes, Father, with those desires that through your grace, we can be an overcomer and rise to higher heights. We ask you to bless this bread and wine now. Bless the receiver, Father. May they receive the healing of their spirits, their bodies, and their souls. In Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. Musicians, God bless you. each side. Go to the the aisle and then go back to your aisle on your side. God bless you. You may come to communion as you feel led. [Music] Hello lady. Oh, he is all I need. All I need. Jesus is all I need. [Music] [Music] on you. all [Music] you. Yes, Lord. [Music] I [Music] Hey, absolutely. [Music] [Music] We say [Music] Jesus longing longing for Jesus. [Music] I have a longing in my heart for [Music] him. Just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Can you sing it with me? I have a longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for me. Just feel [Music] his feel. Oh yes, Lord. I am the lonely in my [Music] heart. Let us stand and turn in our Bibles to the Gospel of St. John the 13th chapter. And now before the feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come, that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world. He loved them until the end. And supper being ended, the devil having now put it into the heart of Judas's Scariot, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things unto his hands and that he was come from God and went to God. He raveth from supper and laid aside his garment and took a towel and gertth himself. And after that he pou water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter said unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? And Jesus answered and said unto him, "What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me." Simon Peter said unto him,"Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus said to him, "He that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit, and ye are clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, Ye are not all clean." So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you? Ye call me master and lord, and ye say well, for so I am." If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, ye also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that ye should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Amen. Aren't you happy to wash one another's feet? God bless you, sisters, to your place, brothers. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] melt down. He took all [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] That is your words. [Music] Revelation churches. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] stands. [Music] faculty together. [Music] [Music] just give us joy as [Music] myself. I guess [Music] [Music] joy. And I believe the same both visible and both seen and unseen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] creator of this man. [Music] He shares his friend. [Music] Every word of your [Music] hand all the ministry [Music] Father, Father, we would just appear to be in his [Music] body as Christ. We ask Jesus name. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Is he your emancipator? Amen. Amen. He can certainly do it. Amen. The great emancipator. [Music] Once my heart and soul are [Music] better, light of night change and see, but the great man [Music] Oh, why did he set you free and be free to worship him? [Music] Glory, glory, [Music] power, holy name. Oh, he's the great [Music] man. That's the song. The redee all is with me. Like a lost lamb. I was lifting. Oh, helpless and [Music] alone. The seeking [Music] sheer me to my father's home. [Music] Sing glory how blessed be his holy name the [Music] That's the song. Oh, let's sing that second verse again. Like a lost lamb. Like a lost lamb. I was Oh yes, I was helpless and [Music] alone. But the seeking [Music] sheer help me led me to my father's home. Oh, now I'm [Music] [Applause] [Music] singing be his holy name. [Music] the [Music] rain. That's the song. Amen. Is that your song? What's that one we sing? How does it go? Uh, oh, magnify the Lord with me. Amen. Did you see face? It's all the difference in the world. Amen. I got to wait till they get the words up there. What's the name of that? What? The [Music] Lord. Amen. and everything from [Music] every me and he saved me from my enemy. Oh, the son of God surround his soul. Oh, he will deliver there. He will deliver there. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come ex [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see. Oh, that the Lord is good. Oh, blesser receive. Oh, hides in he. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, he say he gave you everything. He gave you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come [Music] exch the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, let us bless the Lord. Oh, and every day and night. Oh, never even ending pray. Oh, may our sense arrive. Oh, let us bless the Lord. Oh, every day and night. Oh, never ending pray. Oh, and our answer. Oh, and let us bless the Lord. Oh, let every day. Oh, never ending pray. Oh, may our incense. [Music] Magnify the Lord. Oh, come exalt the name. Oh, God alone with me. Oh, come and exalt his name forever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There is a soul in time of need. Oh, and I'll give me hope. Oh, and I brings me peace. Oh, and in every trial. Oh, and through every tear. Oh, and my savior stand. Oh, and in my heart, just think about it tonight. Oh, and when the road you walk, oh, and if you're tired and bold, oh, and now your strength is come. Oh, and and your heart feels strong. Oh, and remember God, oh, is greater than the stor. Take courage for all the battle is the Lord. Oh, and when the waters rock, hallelujah, my name. Oh, and any beats may come. Oh, and I on the way. Oh, and he hold my hand. Oh, unless I should falter. Oh, and it makes me stand. Oh, out on the water. Oh, and when the road you are. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and your heart feels so. Oh, and remember God. Oh, it is greater than your soul. Take courageful. Sing that last verse again. Oh, and when the waters rock, oh, he calls my name. Oh, and any may come. Oh, when I on the way. Oh, and he hold my hand. Oh, I should falter. Oh, and he makes me stand. Oh, I know. Oh, and when the Lord walk. Oh, and let your child and B. Oh, and all your strength. Hallelujah. On your heart. Oh, and remember God, he's gater than the soul. Anchorage for the battle is the Lord. Set your [Music] wings to the wings of faith. You can fly and know how high your plane. Oh, do not [Music] struggle. It's by grace. Set your way, oh, just singor one more time. Oh, and set your way to the wind of faith. Oh, and you can fly. Oh, in a higher place. Oh, and turn our struggle. It's by grace away. Oh, to the wings of faith. Oh, and there are two roses you may take. Oh, and one body, hallelujah, one faith. Oh, and I take the word of God. Oh, what you see, what you believe, always what will be. Oh, and set your [Music] wings in the wings of Oh, and you can fly. Oh, in the high. Oh, turn on struggle. [Music] It's by grace set your we to the wings of faith. Oh and watch your knee and watch your cry. Oh and I watch your mountain. Oh mar. Oh, and speak the word of God. Oh, and my and my Oh, it won't blow through. Oh, you will fly. Oh, set your wings to the wings of Oh, and you can fly. Oh, in the highest place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Oh, set your way. Oh, to the wings of faith. Oh, and a watch take hold in the sky. It does not struggle. It does. Oh, for the power. Oh, and I make all his way. Halleluah. Oh say oh the f oh and you can fly. Oh, and did not [Music] struggle. Oh, say your way. Oh, sing it one more time tonight. Oh, and set your wings to the wings of faith. Oh, and you can find Oh, in a higher place. Oh, I [Music] struggle. Set your wings to the wings of faith. Amen. Amen. And I trust that your hearts cry tonight that not just what we heard even today. And Father, let me just set my wings and fly by the power of the word that's been given that we may just let that word manifest in our own lives by the power of faith believing that he who spoke is able to bring it to pass into our lives. Amen. Amen. Don't forget uh Tuesday night prayer meetings and amen. And it's uh every Tuesday after communion, don't forget that. And uh Friday, I'm sorry, Friday 11 uh for the uh 39 and under uh married couples. Don't forget that. And also next Sunday, uh pavilion dedication. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Our gracious father, we could certainly say it was good to be in the house of God tonight. Father, we feel lifted up and we feel forgiven and we feel like our wings has been swn once again for us to fly. Lord, our heart's desires of children is to keep that victory every day, Lord. And you've provided a word that we can eat upon and and Father, we can get that w those wings flying once again. And I pray, Father, that what we have heard and I believe we've come in contact with Jesus Christ himself and nobody ever comes in contact with you and go back the same way. Father, I believe in the power of the word. Lord, if we stand here, if we gather here, it's because of that word that was spoken. You said that you will have a bride in the last day. We are here gather here manifesting that word. And Lord, I believe with all my heart there's so many more, so much more you want to fulfill into our lives every day. And we just want to commit ourselves and father lay ourselves even like J Gyus we heard it this morning at the altar at the feet Lord and say father lead us and guide us. We've come to the realization Lord Father like Peter and say where else could we go? It's you that has the words of eternal life. I pray, Father, you guide our footsteps. You strengthen us. And Father, where we do wrong, we cry out. But Father, forgive us and lift us up, oh God, that we may be a people that's made by your word only and not our own efforts and our own strength to be those that are guided by your Holy Spirit every day in the things that we do. Lord, that the supernatural may continually manifest every day into our lives. We commit the week to come and everything into your hands, Father. We pray and ask all of those things in the lovely name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Are dismissed. [Music] Amen. Man, give me a KFC. Joy is the flag from high. From the castle of my heart. Oh, from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Jo is a fly from high. Oh, from the castle of my heart. Oh, that the king is in resident. Oh, and let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Oh, let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Oh, let a fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Oh, God. The king is in residence. you get it home. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
