################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - [2025-04-20pm]  Benefits of His Resurrection  Br. Billy Mbuyi - Billy Mbuyi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    [2025-04-20pm]  Benefits of His Resurrection | Br. Billy Mbuyi
Speaker:  Billy Mbuyi
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAub1pl-YPs
========================================

Description:
Sunday Evening Service | Br. Billy Mbuyi
Christian Life Tabernacle
April 20th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Thank [Music] you. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you Lord for this portion of service. Lord, we ask that you bless us Lord as we are waiting upon you for the blessing of your word. Lord, we open our heart Lord so we can speak to our Lord for the life that you have brought this time Lord Jesus. I pray that your blessing to stay in the middle of the service in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. They don't let me out of my office cuz I'll mess up the routine, but we're happy for that. Damian, I want to sing that song uh as they're taking. Oh, I want to see. Amen. Put that lower for her. Amen. As I journey through the [Music] land, [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] He [Music] s through the world. Yes sir. Heat. Heat. of his saving [Music] [Applause] [Music] gra. Amen. [Music] Amen. I've got one more in. Man, man, some of these saints, do you get tired playing the piano? You can just play that piano like that. Lord bless your soul. Amen. Let's sing. Time is filled with sw transition. Hold the God's unchanging hand. Is that a good idea? That's a good idea. Amen. Let's sing it. Oh, time is This will [Music] [Music] transition. Oh, [Music] you're [Music] changing. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, you got hand [Music] your changing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Jo to you. [Music] Remember [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] tonight you [Applause] [Music] [Applause] changing [Music] all decay. Oh, see you again. [Music] [Music] I remember brothers and sisters. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You got never let go [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] your wonderful Thank you God. Oh [Music] [Music] great. So let's do it. [Applause] Hold on my brother. [Music] [Music] to God's unchanging [Applause] [Music] hand. Praise the Lord. Nothing like holding on to his hand. Amen. Amen. I'd sing that song. What a day out that would be. But if I sing that song, I got to tell my story. So, I'm going to tell my story because I feel like singing that song. I'm starting to enjoy this song lead, you know, maybe I'll just become a song leader. Would that be all right? Oh, I got one vote. So, man, I won't have to preach no more. I just come out here and worship the Lord and sing songs. Oh, that's the way it's going to be over there. Huh? We won't need no preaching on the other side. Wouldn't that be good? No preaching. No preaching against living in the world. No preaching against nothing. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, is this the one I want to sing? When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. So, I got to tell my story. I worked in the lumber mill. And in the lumberm mill, they bring the log up. you know, it's a big log and then they cut it and the sides off and make a big square log out of it. Then they bring it through another saw and they cut it in sizes, 2x sixes, 2x4s, 2x8s, 2x10s. And what they do is they put them all up in this machine and then it goes and there's guys on saws and they grade it and then they say, "Oh, maybe uh it's select and and they'll put 16 ft." So when they come out of the machine, they're 16 foot long, they're 10t long, they're 12t long. And and so they come down the this big conveyor belt and you stand there and you pull them off the belt and you put them on a pile and you maybe you've been to Home Depot and you see all these piles of lumber and so you stack them in and then they wrap them and they sell them. So I got there and I was working. I got to singing this song in my heart. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. So, I was just walking and I was putting my boards on the line and my stack and then I walked up and before I knew it, I had the next guy's tuning board. I was stacking his boards and my boards and then I went down and stacked the other guys and there's about five guys all standing around and I was stacking every board on that chain. What a day that'll be. tears running down my eyes, one hand up, stacking boards, and pretty soon there was no boards. And I looked up and all the guys that were sawing the boards were all looking at me and everybody that was stacked in lumber and the whole place was shut down and I was just lost. I wish the boards would have never stopped coming. I would have just stayed there forever. But I just got to thinking, what a day that will be when my Jesus we shall sing. Why don't we sing this as we stand together? We'll invite brother Billy out. We'll just sing this song and just think about what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall sing. Another [Music] day when no heart shall come in the [Music] [Music] sky forever. [Music] Happy. That's what we did. [Music] My Jesus I shall see my upon his [Music] face me. Oh yes, Lord. He takes me by and leads me through the Heat. Heat. [Music] All the [Music] [Applause] [Music] way forever. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Let's just worship. Think about [Music] it. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, what a day. Oh, glorious day. Hallelujah. Let's just bow heads. Gracious father. Father, this song just remind us that one of these days this life will come to an end, Lord. Amen. Father, all of our suffering and our trials and everything and and human efforts and all of this will come to an end one day. Father, on that day, you'll make yourself manifested, oh God. And Father, all the efforts and everything that was put in and Father, we'll all be worth it, Lord. And the scripture says that the suffering of this life are not worthy to be compared with the glory that await us, Lord. Father, there's something in the hearts of a believer that that lives for that glory, Lord. And and we know that this life here is only temporal, Lord. And but Father, if we can only live for that life, Lord, that will be worth it all, Lord. And we commit ourselves into your hands tonight, Father. We pray that may you just come by our way, Lord, and speak to us the words of eternal life. Father, because we realize that men shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God, Father, we heard it this morning. We're here once again, Lord. And may you just fill our cups, we ask, Lord, and that we may drink from that eternal fountain that is you, the Lord Jesus Christ, that we may be find renewed and strengthened in the inner man. We commit to service to you and and ask those things. I pray, Father, for those that's still on the way. Father, protect them and bring them safe as we await for them. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray and ask those things. Amen. Amen. Certainly good to be gathered once again in the house of God. Man, I know uh there's are few in numbers. There's many that are coming and uh you know, they're not going to be here until 8:30 or 9. So technically we can preach until 8 or 9 is but we're not going to do that. Amen. Did you enjoy the word this morning? Amen. I just want to uh uh continue on that thought. Let's open our Bibles in uh Romans 8. Uh the that same scripture we read this morning. Man, let's let's let's start from the first verse, man. Paul will say it says, "Is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walketh not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made us free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sent his only son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn and for sin condemned sinned in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walketh not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh. I love that. But in the spirit, if so be that the spirit, the spirit of God dwelt in you. Now if any man had not the spirit of Christ is none of his. And if the spirit if if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Christ Jesus from the dead dwelleth in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Let's also turn to uh Ephesians chapter 2. Uh we'll read let's start from verse one. It says, "And you had he quickened, who were dead in sin and trespass, in trespass and sins, and were in time past, where in time past ye walk according to the course of this world, according to the princes, the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedient, among whom also ye all had our we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love, wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sin, had quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved, and has raised us up together, and made us to sit in heavenly place. places in Jesus in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come that he might show the exceeding riches of his grace of his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. For by grace you are saved through faith, that no not that that that not of yourself, but it's the gift of God, not not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God had before ordained that we should walk in them. Gracious Father, we ask you bless your word to us. We commit it to you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Uh I just perhaps one of the things like we heard the word this morning. Um I want to speak on the benefits of his of the resurrection. The benefits of the resurrection. And and I want to say this barbanam will make the statement that Christianity is based upon resurrection. If there's no resurrection then Christianity is no different from any other religion. It's different from any other uh uh uh people gathering and no not different from the uh uh uh Buddha and Sik and all the others and Muhammad and the rest of them. What makes Christianity different is the fact that we believe in a resurrection. We know that uh out of all that died that no man could raise himself up. We understand that even as we heard it this morning uh that Christianity is the only religion that is that the founder is alive and well and not only the founder but Jesus promised that the same spirit that raised him up will raise you up also. and not only will raise you up but that same spirit abideth in you. So we can certainly say tonight with confidence that you cannot find life in any other religion. Uh any other religion teaches you a code of conduct. The prophet will say a way to live a better life to be a good neighbor uh you know to be a good person here on earth but once you die once you are dead that's the end of it. Christianity is the only religion is the only religion that you are promised eternal life. It would give you eternal life because even the prophet will say on the message that day on Calvary will say that that that day on Calvary that the pro the prophet will say that you as a believer God has given you the ability to impart eternal life to others. So that's the gift of being a Christian. God gives you the eternal life. you are born again of his life and he takes you and and he makes the promise because remember he gives the promise of the father he said that I'm not going to leave you comfortless if it's needful for me to go he told his disciple that if I don't go the holy spirit will not come but if I go I will come back again that was the promise of the father and then he said when I go I'll come back again the spirit will come upon you I'll be with you even in you until the end. So when we become a Christian, when we are born again, we have the promise of that resurrection that the one who walked here on earth, the one who overcame sin, the one who overcame hell, death, and the grave, that same person is abiding in the believer, not a different person, not an understanding of who he is. I I find it so marvelous and and you can probably go back and look at this that in all even all the religion including Christianity resurrection was always something that was taught as something that you would receive until after you die. It it's something that you will do the good works and you will do everything that you can but then after you die your works are weighed and and if you did a lot of good and you know they weigh you and then they decide well this one has to be raised because it was a lot more good than it was bad. It was always presented in a manner that you you had to place in some effort and do some work so you can receive a resurrection. But the prophet when he came on the scene he began to present resurrection in a different manner. And in fact it will talk about quickening power. The power that can come upon the believer to make you alive. Not just in the future but today. Today you can be alive. Today you can be living. Today you can overcome the challenges that are facing you. Today you can become victorious. But that same life that was in Christ will come upon you. So quickening power is the power let me say this every time the word of God is being preached is the presentation or it's a uh uh uh to the believer it's an opportunity to grab hold of the quickening power of God it's not a power that will come after or years after later on but quickening power is that the founder the one who gave this word to you the one who made the promise he's saying that if you receive my promise I will come again I will come behind my word and make it a reality into your life. That's the quickening power of belief. It's the word constantly presenting the quickening power. It doesn't matter what condition you find yourself in. The word of God is here to present quickening power to you. That if you would receive the word, quickening power will be made known unto you. Because as he overcame, so shall we overcome. Because remember the prophet said that as he was so are we in this world. The prophet will even say said the same way that God was in Christ Christ is in you. Not a different you say how was he how was God in Christ. The spirit of God dwelt in Christ and he said I would do nothing except what the father showed me. What he would speak he will speak from what the father told him. What he will do he will do what the father showed him. And he said the same way that he was in the father, Christ is here today in his own people. Amen. So we find out then I was thinking about this and and the opportunity to come we when we come to church or when we hear the word of God we always should be reminded it's not for us to come with some form of intellectual approach where we can gather and go and find out oh what is the word said that I need to do and don't do and go out there to try to practice it. God doesn't work that way. That's education. We receive the word of God. We hear the word of God. Behind that word, there's the person of the word himself who's wanting to make that word manifested to the believer. That's what that's the kind of religion we believe in. That's the kind of God we believe in. Not one that we can just come and say, "Well, he said don't steal, don't drink, and don't do this, and I'm going to go and try to practice and see." No. I let me say this. That kind of religion will not take you far. that kind of religion, you will always find something that you're failing short that you need to do that you need to do. I got to do this and I got to do that. But what the the the the message or the word of God that we've been presented at the end time is a God who comes and he dwells inside of you and make you overcome. He takes the word and he makes you live the word that he himself has given to you. I was uh uh thinking about the the scripture will speak about the story of Lazarus. Uh but but David even mentioned it in passing this morning. Yeah, it was it was dead a good friend of Jesus and oh I love how the prophet will expand so much about here they were uh martyr and them they had left the church and they follow him and they went with him everywhere and they let him live with him and all those things and and yet they were calling upon him and he said come oh that Lazarus is sick and said he said oh I need to go he said that Lazarus is sick they told him and says can you come quickly so he can come, but he had other things to do. And we find out that he waited until Lazarus actually died. And when he showed up and you know all of those at the church that he had left, they came and visited Lazarus and they came and visited them uh at the death of Lazarus. And no doubt they were talking to them and and trying to show how that this man that they had left the church for had left them empty-handed. And there they were finding himself. Perhaps those Pharisees were sitting there saying, "You see, we told you you didn't listen. You You follow after this man. Look at what's going on now. Look, your brother is now dead and he's nowhere to be found." But we understand that Jesus, as the scripture will say, he did nothing except what the father told him. Even after they told him that Lazarus was dead, he turned around and he told them, "He's not dead, but he slipth." So he knew and he did nothing except what the father showed him. So here he comes and and and he comes and everybody's crying and and all those things. And this the prophet will speak about how that that they he came and they came and mur came running up to him and he says, "Oh my, if you only would have been here, my brother would have not died." And he looked at him and he says, "I know he's not dead, but he's not dead, but he's sleeping." It says I know he shall rise again. And then he said he will rise again. He said oh no I believe that sometimes in the future when the resurrection will come. You see that was the mind of men. The understanding of man about resurrection until that time was that it was always an event that will come in the future. It was always something oh my healing will come in the future. My deliverance will come in the future. Whatever I ask it will come in the future sometime in the future. God. He looked at him and said, "No, I Christ that are standing here. I am the resurrection and life." Let me say this, my brother, my sister. The word of God is everything to the believer. It's your deliverance. It's your resurrection. At the time that you receive it, it may not manifest at that minute, but it's everything that you ever needed is in there already. He he he didn't take resurrection and separated it from every other attribute. Resurrection is part of the attribute of who God is. To receive God is to receive the resurrection. So he comes and and and and here he stands and and the scripture says he wept and and all of the people around him began to look and said, "Oh, he must have really loved him. Look at him. He must have really loved him. That's why he's crying." and he said, "Take me to the tomb." They said, "Oh, perhaps he's just going to the tomb so he can cry and see the place where he was buried and everything." It wasn't until he got to the tomb and he asked him to roll away the stone. That's when everybody, oh, wait, we can't do that. He's been dead and for the nose sunk in and you can't do that. It's already smelling and all. He told him to roll away the tomb. And to roll away the tomb, he called out. It says Lazarus come forth. Who was he? He was there manifesting the true resurrection. What life was inside of him being manifested before everybody. Let me say this. The Christianity or the gospel that we have received, it's not in words only. It's in word and manifestation of the spirit. What Jesus spoke, he manifested it. If he talked about healing, he manifested what healing is. We we we that's why the prophet will talk so much. He said the the the problem with men today is we we we have taken the gospel and have turned it into some kind of understanding, intellectual understanding where people will come and and be educated and and they will come so they become church members and all kinds of things. That's not what the word was sent for. In fact, the prophet will say, "We take people to church instead instead of taking them to Christ." Amen. Why? Let me say this. If you come to church, you'll become a church member. But if you come to Christ, you'll become a Christian. Amen. I'm not interested in becoming a church member. I'm interested in one thing is that the life of the resurrected Christ may live in me. Why? That's the promise to the believer. That's the resurrection in manifestation. the the so the prophet will speak and and I was thinking about he speaks in the message I believe this is Easter and he says that he comes and he's rose again and he talk about how many many many men had died and give their lives and many good men they came and some uh they they they healed the sick and and they did great signs and wonders but none of them died and was raised again. None of them was buried and died and lived forever. None of them came and he had this power. So only Christianity has an empty tomb today. Only Christianity has an empty tomb. And it's not so we can just point out to some ancient tomb somewhere, but it's so that we know that that same life, that same spirit that raised Christ is living in you today to make you an overcomer. Without that life, we are no different from any other church. He he talks he said the other religions who said they the they they said but the true Christian true Christianity it begins it's built upon the resurrection. It's not just the resurrection or or a religion that's teaches you how to live good, how to do good, but it's actually constructed upon the resurrection. It's the religion. It's the It's one that's built to produce a life and eternal life. It's one that comes the only the very source of eternal life himself will come and abide within a believer. And outside of that, all you have is perversion. But when I'm going talk about in the Easter Seal, I believe, oh, the rising of the sun, it will say it is the rising of the sun. And when we talk about the rising of the sun, the the the scripture or you look at it the the the in in in in the rising of the sun, it's speaking of a new day. It's speaking about a new hope or a start of something new. It's the promise of the restoration to the believer. It's the hope to the believer that it that God will bring the promise about life and power back into the people. It's an understanding to the believer that it doesn't matter when you say it's the rising of the sun. I was thinking about this in terms of nature. You know the prophet will use that even to illustrate what this rising of the sun means. If if you look at on the daily basis, you can realize that the the presence of the sun of the suan is the declaration to the earth that life will show up because we understand that there's no natural life outside of the sun. If there's no sun, there won't be a natural life. If the sun refuses to come up, there won't be life on earth. Everything is dependent upon the su. The natural life dependent is dependent of the su. And every time the the su comes up, it's a declaration to the vegetation. It's the declaration to the natural life that it doesn't matter what the winter caused, how how dead the seed is and how dead the plants are, how dead the vegetation is, how dead all the trees look like. When the sun comes up, it's a declaration that there will be life again. Amen. So you you when when the sun comes up, you don't have to look at the plant and wonder, oh, I wonder, you are so dead. I don't know if you're going to get life because it's not up to that plant to bring itself up. It's up to the sun. As long as the sun comes up, the sun has the power to warm the ground. The sun has the power to send forth nutrients. The sun has the power to bring about that light, that tree and and take the life that went in the root and bring it right back up. So when the sun comes up is the declaration that life will be on earth again. And the prophet will speak. And it says as people today try to say it said as the people today are trying to say we shouldn't uh we shouldn't wash feet uh we should wash our feet once a year on Thursday or Friday and we should take communion and all different doctrines. They argue about whether it should be this day or that day and whether it should be about Sabbath day or the first day of the week. It says all things are just merely traditions. Think about it. We we're speaking about life and today you can look at all the churches. They plant new flowers. They've done this and and they've done all this. What is it? They just following tradition. Oh, it's another day. we could call it Easter and everything. No, that if you do that, you miss the very point. It's it's a day where you could be reminded that you don't have to be in bondage. You don't have to be in sin. You don't have to remain in sin. And let me say this, it doesn't matter what condition you find yourself in. You say, "Oh, I'm the ranked sinner of all." It doesn't matter what the condition you find yourself in. Easter is a message directly from God to the believer that you could be changed. There's life here today. I'm here to change you. I'm here to resurrect you. I'm here to deliver you. I'm here to bring you out of whatever condition you find yourself in so you can become even like me. He bore your sin. He says he took your place so you can take his place. Amen. It says all things become merely tradition. What good would it do to you whether you had lent or no land if there's no life in you? It's only a memorial which there's nothing against it but they have certain they certainly carried out the tradition and left out the main thing. It says Satan doesn't care how religious you are, how right you are h how right you are in your doctrine. If you miss that life that won't that you won't come up anyhow. No matter how religious, how good, how many, he says how many churches you belong to or you will belong to. It doesn't matter one thing unless you have been born again. Let me say this. The quickening power is not sent to just take us and make us good Christian. The quickening power is the representation of the original life that God had in mind for you. When you are quickened, remember because it says what a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is. quickening power is sent in the end time to take you and to bring you right back in the original life that God intended for you to live before you even came into manifestation. It's just not merely a life to say, "Oh, I don't sin and I don't lie and I don't do this." It's more than that. It's the life of Christ himself manifested in the believer for you to do the works of Christ. So he talks about the benefit. He says paragraph 31 it says therefore if God raised up Jesus from the dead did he raise him up for a memorial? We can say yes but only that or is he or is it this resurrection morning only one day in the year or a certain day that we celebrate things or we benefactors or are we benefactors of his resurrection? What does it mean to you? What does it mean to you? It says, "Now we believers by faith that he has raised from the dead, but what has what is that to do with me?" It says that was 2,000 years ago. So, it's not merely you saying, "Oh, it's a day in a year that we celebrate." But it has to be something deeper. It has something that a believer has to ask himself. He said, "I claim to be a believer. I claim to believe this thing, but what is this this really mean to me when I say it's Easter? Has my life been affected by this or not?" Because if it's not affected, then it's just a memorial. That is just something we gather and say, "Oh, Christ will came and he died for our sins and so we don't sin anymore. So, we don't." No, but it's deeper than that. He wants us to understand that the power has been made available. Life has been made available. God himself, he take that seed. Remember the prophet say that when Christ was on Calvary, oh my, he he talks and said now when he when the devil took when he took Christ at Calvary, remember Christ, he was not separated from the bride yet. It wasn't until they took that spear and it punk to him. It says that life that was in him came out. In other words, when he died, you died in him. When he was on the cross, you were in him. He took you upon the cross so that in the form that you were, you were in him. You died with him. And when he resurrected, you resurrected with him also. He said the bride cannot be different from the bridegroom. It cannot be Christ is the word and the bridegroom is something else. Those two cannot mix. The bride is exactly what the bridegroom is. If the bridegroom is made of the word, so is the bride. Paragraph 75, he says, "We are benefactors of his resurrection, quickened after being dead in the world in sin and trespass. He has quickened us together with him, raised with him. Now sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, he brings, he says, his spirit brings his same life again on earth, not a different life. His spirit brings his same life again on earth. If the spirit of God that raised of Christ the body, the anointed body, if the spirit of God anointed that body in such a way that when that seed fell into the earth, he just wouldn't let him rest there. No, he quickened him and raised him up. Listen to this. That same spirit by the same works by the same power by the same sign being in you it will raise you up. Oh my brother, my sister, this is not a question whether I will be raised up or not. Let me say this to the believer. My question is not how am I going to go in the ground, how am I going to die, what's going to happen and all of that. My only concern is how am I going to rise? Am I going to write? Let me say this. Because if you live, remember he says this, the only thing that will rise is what is lived according to God's purpose. The only life that God will rise rise again is the life that live according to his own purpose. So it's not how you go in the ground that counts, is how you're going to rise again. And if you have the life of Christ in you, you are guaranteed to raise from the dead. Everything that serve the purpose of God, God will raise up again. He says, he talks about the sun and the sun didn't come up just so we can know that God can raise the sun. Even the coming of the very sun, it's for a purpose. But Ram says it's for a specific purpose. God will raise the sun and the sunshine will see it every day. The sunshine represent God's spoken word and God raises it up for a purpose. And it would say now the sun paragraph 37 at the rising of the sun and there was time when the world was laying in outer darkness. It was without form and was void and it was all covered up with water and was laying there in the dark, dismal, gloomy atmosphere. And I wonder if there's anybody feeling that way. You know, my life is just dark and gloomy and void and without form and I don't know. I don't understand. And here's the prophet just painting the picture. A gloomy atmosphere. It said, "And the spirit of God moved upon the water and said, let there be light." I love this at the next statement. It said God had a reason to do that. Just think about that for a moment. I we we we we I know these are scriptures very thing but he said he's reminding you that God had a reason to do that. You said oh I I I I feel like I don't understand what's going on with my life. God had a reason for doing that. He had a reason for speaking the word. He had a reason for the way things were. He had a reason for the way the the condition of the earth was not something that happens by chance. The way the world find itself void and without form. It wasn't something that the world decided, oh, I want to be void and everything. It it was there for a reason. And above it will say God had a reason for that to to do that. For down beneath the waters, there was seed that he had planted and he had to have that sunlight to make them live. Now, I'm not just talking about the initial creation. I'm talking about you. God had a reason for you to hear this message of the end time. God had a reason. Wherever, however you were born, whatever country you were born in, how you grew up, your life, however messed up it was, God had a reason for it to be that way. For he knew that unless you heard the spoken word, which was the original seed, unless you heard the voice, unless he spoke, you were going to remain in that condition. But he knew that I have a seed that was planted down there. I had a seed just like I had the seed that was planted in the beginning. I have a seed in Laudicia, in the most deceitful age, in the time of darkness, the time of gloomy time, in the time where everybody has rejected the message, have rejected the word, in the most ungodly time that they ever was, God knew that he had seeds in there that he had to send his word to come. You see, we it it wouldn't really uh if we really look at our lives, it doesn't take mystery for you to realize that God has been working with you since you were the beginning. It doesn't really take a mystery for you to look at your own life and see, I didn't come to this church by myself. God brought me here. He He He made things happen. He caused situations to happen. He made a way. He created a way. Let me say this. I some often times say this. Nobody else can put this congregation of these people together. Not by any chance. It was by the revealed word of the hour when God spoke. That's how we heard. That's what brought us into this message. And if we can understand that it was him calling us, then we can understand that it's him walking with us, preparing us for the rapture. This is not a man's effort. This is not man trying to build himself. But this is the program of God that he came and he sent a message so you can hear it and come out of your denomination. A prophet will say paragraph 38 it says the first light that ever shine on the earth was God's spoken word. The first light that ever struck the earth was God's spoken word. He said, "Let there be light." And there was light that turned darkness into light in order to bring forth a creation of joy and life upon the earth. I love that God's creation is not a sad creation. You know, we didn't God didn't create us or didn't call us to be Christians so I can say sorry, you know, I'm just a Christian. You know, I can't be happy. You know what I mean? Have you ever seen those Christian that don't give you a taste of being a Christian at all? You know, they're just, you know, they're just Christian. You know, there's no happiness about them. It's like a burden being a Christian. Think about it. H how would that attract anybody? It says it was a creation of joy and life upon the earth. If you ever look at those small trees when they come when the wind blows, they're the most happiest there is. Why? Because they are they're happy that God created them. Those trees are there to worship God. If you ever look at the sunlight and the sun and the sun is rising and it's complaining, oh, I got to rise again. That's another day. No, it's a happy doing its purpose because it knowing that I it's not just me that count, but I'm a part of a great plan of God that God is unfolding. My brother, my sister, I don't it I don't even know what role I'm playing, but I'm just happy to be part of the family of God. I'm just happy to play my role. I'm just there's nothing that makes you happy than knowing that you've been saved from the the deceitfulness that's going out there. It's by the plan of God. He made that happen. It was by the spirit of God moving. He said in order to bring forth his creation upon the earth, then the spirit of God as he moved with love and compassion You know, I've read the scriptures. I've read this quote so many times, but it hit me different today. It wasn't like, well, if you don't conform to this, then you're not. No, the creation of God was with love and compassion. And in great days, it's just working. And you know when he took that creation perhaps he took it the first time and he looked at it they build it up and perhaps it wasn't exactly what it was looking he breaks it again and he builds it again. He had patience with it. He kept building up in compassion in a great day. The first day of the dawn of creation upon the earth. The sun rose and swep swept across its raid dried up the water from the earth and made an atmosphere above. And for its first time, it was to bring joy and life to the earth by a seed. That was a great hour. Now, the seed didn't say, "Let the water dried up." And the water dried up. No, God dried up the water. God sent the sun to warm the earth up. God provided the atmosphere necessary for the seed to grow. God spoke the word. You were in sin and trespassing somewhere. Somebody said something to you that didn't even make sense. All of a sudden, something hit your heart. What was it? It was God calling you. Butam said this, I believe it's in Easter Seal or the rising of the sun. I can't remember which one of the messages. He's saying that at the end time, he says the Holy Spirit is a hunting for those predestinated seed. It's not you saying, "Oh God, I want to serve you." The very fact that you want to serve God, it means God is calling upon you. It was the Holy Spirit that story. We hear the story of the eagle over and over. the the the the the eiglet on the the the the the barnyard was not looking for the mother eagle. He was there just scratching and scratching and doing the best he can and scratching every day. It wasn't until he heard the voice of the mother eagle, something within a heart strike. And then when something strike, he heard the voice all the other chickens, that voice didn't mean anything to him. But the voice of the eagle to the eaglet, it meant something. The voice of the word of God, the voice of the message, when God speaks to you, it means more to you than anybody. And I want to say this, let's not receive it just a collective voice, but let's also receive it as an individual voice to ourselves. God sent a messenger for all, but he sent a messenger for you. for you specifically. It's your messenger. It's your word. It's your gospel. It's your quickening power. It says, "But oh, that wasn't nothing. That wasn't nothing that sunrise like the sunrise on the Easter morning. This time the sun leaped into the sky, leaped into the sky and it brought forth a great sunrise that ever than ever because it came it came greater news with a sunrise than he did with the sunrise at the beginning. This sunrise brought a news. He is risen. He is quickened from the dead as is as is promised. He's risen from the dead. The first sunrise rose in Genesis and it was bringing the message that there will be life upon the earth, mortal life. But this time when the sun rose, there was a dual sunrise, another sun s. It was not only the su arising but the s has reason to bring eternal life to all God's promised that by forn knowledge had had seen laying upon the earth. No more could botney life live back there at the beginning without the as she went to bring life to bring it to life. No more than that than today the sons of God upon the earth. It takes the sen light to bring them eternal life. He He's chosen ones that he knew before the foundation of the world. Had he had chosen them in himself before the foundation of the world. It it's God coming into manifestation wanting to bring his seed back home. It's God coming in greater manifestation so we can see the word and the reality of the promise that he made. It's not us trying to come here and say, "Oh God, I want to be changed." We It is. is the understanding that power has been made available for me to live the life of Christ. Power has been made available for me to be changed from what I was into something new. Power has been made available. In fact, when he speaks about the sunrise and he speaks about the day of Pentecost, he said when the Holy Spirit came, the Holy Spirit was the power to cause them to do things that they otherwise could not do by themselves. The Holy Spirit when it came on the day of Pentecost, Barnam said before that there were a bunch of coward. They came and they were they hid themselves and they were running. But after the Holy Spirit came upon them, he said that when you shall receive of this spirit, then you only can you become my witnesses. We can't become witnesses by our own effort. He makes us witnesses. How is he making out witnesses? By drawing us out of sin, taking us out of the things of the world. And he himself causing the new birth into the life of the believer. So you are born again, not of the natural, but you are born of the spirit of God, so you can live the life of God. He says, "And now the truth is the seal on this sunrise was broken and the secret of life after death was revealed." Before that time he didn't know the world groped in darkness and groped around and men's suspicion theory among men's heart and tradition made up. Men worship idols. They worshiped the sun. They worship all kinds of gods and and all kinds of people made claims. They all went into the grave and they stayed in the grave. But the real seal had broke had been had been broken and once and one and one who once lived as we lived died as we died was risen from the dead that mo what what a morning. Never one like that in all the history of the world. The secret was made known that he was born. He was both the resurrection and the life. He walked on earth and he lived an overcoming life. He came and he was the first born among many brethren. He was one who came and he showed us what life what what to live in overcoming life means. He was one who came and he was the very predestinated seed of God to come so he can bring many into glory. He was the life of God that was given for the purpose of dying for an offering. And he didn't stop there because we understand as the prophet will talk about it. Those that came before him, they were all held by death. There was no power that was greater than the power of death that Satan possessed. But speaks in the message the power of death. It said that all that the men came and they will do great things and everything but when they died death held them captive. It seems like what they didn't matter what they did they couldn't break forth past the power of death. Whatever they did when they died death had the power to hold them up. But here come one who came and he had the power over death. He had the power over uh hell and he had power over the grave. So when he came he went the scripture says when he was crucified it said that he came and he died that God took him and it says he went to hell. In fact the scripture will speak about how that he went into the region of the lost and he came and he ministered unto them that were there. What was he? He was the very word himself manifested. He was the prophecy of everything that the prophet has talked about. A son shall be born. The government will be upon his shoulder. That it will be at the name of this one that all shall be saved. He was one that was given to come and to break the power over death. And when he did that, he came and he was manifested so we can receive the same life that was in him. So to be a believer is to be one that's identified with him not only in his death but to also be identified with him in his resurrection. What about said now as the sun was sent across the earth not to bring the rocks or the dirt also or the rocks which was the dirt also to life. It was not to bring all the dirt to life, but it was to bring the part of the dirt which was enclosed around the life. Not all men will receive Christ, but oh no, but those which for ordained that God for ordained life in housed around some of the dirt of the earth. That's the one he come to quaken. They are the ones says that now that dirt would lay there in the sun and say, "Oh, this old son is so hot." That rock says, "This old sun is so hot." But that little seed said, "That's what I'm looking for." No, notice the difference. It the what maybe says, "Oh, what does he think he is?" And you know, people, but the the little seed will look at the same exact message, the same exact word. While others are looking at it and say, "Oh, that's too much. I can't take that." The seed will look at it and say, "That's exactly what I'm looking for." You hear the message for the first time. and he said, "This must be God speaking." Another one looks at him and says, "I never hear such nonsense." What makes the difference? One is a rock, one is a dirt, and the other is a seed. You know, it's not by one who welleth or runth, but it's by God who shows mercy. That's why we don't judge somebody by the looks or by the understanding and say, "Oh, because you know the message that means you." No, it's God who shows mercy. What what really matters at the end of the day is has God really spoken to you? Is God really touching your heart? Is this message really working in you? It's not how intellectual we can get. It's how close we can get to him. His life living in us. The the problem with intellect is it always finds a way to reason the word of God. It always find a way to look for more intellect. You know, you you read and then now you're going to need something more to read and then you're going to need something more. But a life that when when you have life, every word will only come and feed upon that same life and it will grow. When you have life, every word of God speaks to you. When you have life, everything that's spoken will feed you. Why? Because you have life inside of you. And the Holy Spirit only feeds upon the word. That's right. It says, "And it begins to spring forth to life. It's quick. It quickened that part of the dirt because the son that was sent not to quicken the the sun uh the son was not sent to quicken the rock not to quicken the dirt but to quicken the life of the seed. Now the Holy Spirit comes now. Of course he wasn't sent. Why? He says when all the people receive it, it wasn't sent to them. A guy told me, "I don't believe. I don't care what you will say. If you if you could raise up the dead or anything or heal the sick and and prove it uh in any way, I still don't believe it." I said certainly not. You are an unbeliever. I don't mean a thing. It says it don't mean a thing to you. It wasn't even sent to uh to you. It was it was it was it's sent to those who will believe. The message is to the believer. To them that perish, it's foolishness. But to them that are in Christ and and part of the seed, it's life. Is it feeding you? Is it guiding you? Is it giving you instruction? Is it giving you quickening power? You know this quickening power is not once and done. And as people have even sometimes the the the purpose of this the quickening is to quicken you from when you are seed until rapture. the the that's why the prophet said we can never overemphasize the importance of revelation. What is revelation is God continually quickening you. What is he doing? He quickens you because every He knows what you need at every step. He knows what you need at every junction. The sun just lays in the presence of the sun and the sun will continually bake it, bake it until it will produce what the sun is looking for, which is the perfect fruit. It's not, oh, I have been quickened and I don't need no more. No, every time you come in contact with the word of God, I pray that you let the quickening power, let's not approach the word of God by our intellect or by understanding, but let the quickening power that was spoken along with the word of God, which is the very spirit of God himself, to come and quicken every part of it. It said, "And when we see not a denomination, not a PhD, not an LLD, not a good neighbor, but a son of God molded in the image of God with the dynamic power of God to answer the request. rest of this day that is the same yesterday, today and forever. There ain't no hen going hold you. He hunts for his mama. He's an eagle to begin with. He recognizes the real eagle recognized the call of God's word. Why? He's an eagle. An eagle to an eagle. The word before the foundation, the word to the word, the word predestinated to the word written from the for the hour. You realize your position. He hunts for it. I I just from my own heart, I want the quickening power of God in me to do the works of Christ in me. Not what I perceive to be the works of Christ, but what was intended, what God intended for the quickening power to do. I think people have taken it, we've changed it. it becoming uh uh almost something that just the ability to raise the dead, to heal the sick and to do all those things and then to claim you have quickening power. Quickening power is to bring you into the manifestation of what God wanted you to be and so you can do the works of Christ that he intended for you to do. But when will speak about the sheave wave offering if the musician could come. He will speak about the she wave offering and say he speak about the book of Leviticus. It will say that they the word that when the field was planted that there will come a time when there would one will go into his field and after everything was planted. It was and he will speak how that it was not on the uh uh uh the Sabbath. It was the seventh day but the fir it was the first day which was called the Sunday. And it will come into the field and and it will take the first fruit of what was planted. And it will take it so it could be an identification to all. So they would know that the same seed that was planted into the field, what is it is it was planted for, that it would produce the same thing as the first fruit. That they would take it and they will bring it into the congregation and they will wave it before the people. So everyone can look and have confidence and know that that oh when the harvest time will come, when our harvest will come, when the time for harvest will come, this is what we have to expect to see as the fruits of what we planted. You you know I love it even our pastor mentioned it this morning. I I would hate to be a Christian and only to find out what my destination is at the end of my journey. I would hate to try my best all my life and to try to do everything that I can and only to find out exactly what where you're going and what what's about your life and everything at the end of it. God didn't build it to be that way. The devil wanted it to be that way, but God don't. God has given you an identification today. In fact, the scripture says that he's given you the Holy Spirit has a sign for you to know that you have has received a ticket of what the full redemption is going to look like. The Holy Spirit is only given to you as a a a ticket or even as a a a taste of what it would be for your full redemption. So when you come as a believer, when you are born again, you experience God in a way that no man out other man can understand. And that to you is uh is given to you so you would know that God is walking with you. It's not given so you can go and doubt about it and dispute with somebody. Did you really meet God? How was he to you? How was it to me? No, it's a personal experience. So you can know he's talking to you. It's not an experience to be compared with other people. How big is your experience compared to mine? And that's what I see most of the time with the young people. You know, they hear the stories about perhaps one was in drugs and was in this and they came out and yet here they are sitting in the bench in the pro uh in the church and and feeling like, "Oh, I I need some big things for me to know that God," if the word of God is talking to your heart, God is in you. It's the same God. He He wants He's the God of variety. is the god of the the the ones that went into the world. He's the one that he kept from the the the the other thing. The prophet didn't do drugs. So you don't have to go that way to know that God is with you. But what he wants you is that you as an individual, you are convinced in your heart that you've met him. I know I have met him. I didn't my the desire in me didn't come from myself. Somebody put it in there. I don't come to church because somebody tells me it's time to come to church. I don't worship him because somebody tells me to worship him. There's something burning in my heart. I want to serve him with everything I have. I'm giving everything that I have. It's a personal experience. It's God making himself known. In fact, I even remember the prophet will speak when he came where all of those uh uh men of old where they were hidden or or held off by death. When he came when he began to look at each one, they recognize him on each one by a different experience. Abraham looked at him and says, "Oh, Sarah, look, that's the man that came and sit under the tree. That's the man that I came and there was three of them and I recognized him to be Elohim. When Ezekiel looked at him, he didn't look at him through Abraham's experience. He looked at him through his own experience and said, "Oh, that's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. I recognize him." When Daniel saw him, it was a different experience from the other. Why? It was the same God yet different experience for each one of them. Why? because it was personal. They could stand there and say, "One day I was under the tree. One day I was in such and such and place. One day I was bound in sin. I remember you came to me. You took me out of that place. You did this for me. You that that's your identification with him." And nobody else can copy that. I love him. That's the kind of God he is. He wants you to know him for yourself. When we going to meet him, we're not going to talk about the story of each one. Each one will have his individual connection with him to say, "Oh, I remember. It was you that talked to me that day. It was you that did this for me that day." when I was sick and bound in in a sickness in bed and I didn't know how to do I all of the sudden I read my Bible all of the sudden the scripture spoke to me and all of the sudden I felt well you what is that that's your personal connection with him he wants us to move from quickening power to quickening power to quickening power doesn't want us to just say oh I I remember him just 30 years ago but I Don't remember him today. No, he wants to quicken you every day of your life. Why? Because is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same Christ manifested. And the prophet will say paragraph 94 it says as Christ was one first raised first to be raised from all the prophets and so forth although the type of many places he was the first he was the first fruit of those that slept. It says now in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there will be a sheave wave again in the last day. How many has seen that she wave in the last day? This is not history. This is a reality. We have seen God in our generation. And not only that, we I'm I'm I'm standing up here and looking at God. Amen. This is the work of God. This is God manifesting in the end time. He came by the shewave offering. He came and he spoke to us and we have received him and he came out of the dark denomination. The prophet said he began to call out of every tongue, every nation, every kindred. He's gathering a people for himself. Now, if you see him the prophet in the prophet and you're failing to see him tonight, that's a problem. Because if you see him the prophet, you have to see him in yourself. You have to see him in your life. And if you don't, he's here to make himself known unto you. Let's all stand. [Music] [Music] I don't know about you, I long for a fresh experience every day. You know, sometimes I feel like a kid. You know, when someone come and, you know, you see somebody receive the Lord and and they're being baptized and everything, I just want to feel like the same way again. You know, I want a fresh experience every day. I want a fresh touch every morning. I want to know that he's walking with me. I want to know that he's leading me. He's guiding me. I want to know that he's talking to me every day. I don't want to just live a life where I will find out sometime down the road, but I want the Lord to walk with me every step of the way. Amen. Not sure what song you're singing. I have no idea what that song [Music] is. Amen. Let's just sing that. [Music] Amen. Oh, I will serve him. Oh, and because I loved him. Oh, and you have given life to me. Oh, I was nothing. [Music] Oh, you found me. Oh, you [Music] have to me. [Music] Oh god. [Music] And I [Music] you just sing it again tonight. I will show you. Oh, and I will serve you. And because I love you, oh [Music] you to [Applause] [Music] me. Heat. Heat. [Music] to me. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] When you [Music] watch Sing it again as we might heartache and broken pieces and [Music] All in peace. [Music] Oh, it's your touch. truth is what I long for. You have given life to Amen. I love that word. Don't you? Beautiful, beautiful word. you know, we it I I just don't think that we really take the time to look at all that he's done for us. You know, we we we'd just be a lot happier. you know, they they're talking that so in sports world now there's big confusion going on because everybody's transferring to the team that they think will win. You know what I mean? So, they're leaving this team and going to this team because they think that team's going to be the winner and this guy's running here and everybody's running to and fro trying to trying to find the winning team and and God picked you. You're the winning team, you know? I mean, okay. And it's not because you had anything to do with it, because he chose you. That's right. And you know, yeah, you you look at yourself and you think, I mean, I I'm I'm just not very good. But he knows what he's doing. He knows what he paid for. He He He'll He'll transform you. look deep in your heart and if you really love God and the things of God and you really want to go to heaven then that's all you got to do is just present your heart to him and he'll take over you know and that's what they he said you know if you love the world and the things of the world the love of God's not in you I mean you may even be a little worldly but if it bugs you and it bothers you and you want to be free from it, you just might consider there's a God that'll make you free. That's right. Yeah. He'll certainly take care of you. So, we're certainly glad for that word tonight. I know that uh I I don't know what time it is right now. What time is it? 6:40. It's what? 6:40. So, it's 6:40. So, uh it's probably about an hour and a half till the kids get here. So, what we'll do is we'll just open up the fellowship hall. We'll put on a pot of coffee or uh hot water for tea or whatever. And uh uh we can just fellowship there. If you want to run up and get something to eat, uh you can uh bring it back to uh the church if you want to eat there. If you want to all run up to Andes and get a ice cream cone, I'll buy you all an ice cream cone. So, uh, we and so we'll just some of you will wait for your kids to come and the young people to come back. So, uh, we'll just have a good time of fellowship from them. Okay. All right. So, let's go ahead and bow our heads in prayer and ask the Lord to be with us. Our gracious heavenly father, we've heard such wonderful word and we just trust that we'll receive it, Father, as our own personal message. You speaking to us, Father, about performing what you promised you'd perform. And Father, that we might come to know our part in the great plan of redemption. Father, that we'll never compare ourselves with another, but each of our experiences will be personal. So we just trust that you would bless us this evening. Continue to guide the church home safely. And we just trust, Father, that you will bless us now in this time of dismissal. We just ask you to be with us in your precious and holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. I I like this song. I don't know it, but if you can put it on the board and and Billy will sing real loud, we might be able to sing this song. Amen. He came to the word of life. He came to die. Oh, he came to rise to show his power and might. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything. That's why we worship this king. Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless [Music] you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] That's why we [Music] worship. Before we go, if you want a ice cream, I'll be there for in about 20 minutes. and come right up so we can get your ice cream and I'll get the fellowship all open for you. God bless you. Go [Music] peace. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
