################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-31 - [2025-12-31wed] Watch Night Service Christian Life Tabernacle - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-31
Title:    [2025-12-31wed] Watch Night Service | Christian Life Tabernacle
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWYBPen58SM
========================================

Description:
Watch Night Service
Christian Life Tabernacle
December 31st, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Are you I was And I wish I could sing that tonight. Oh, the splendor of the king, glory majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wrapped himself in love and knocking power. Oh, and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his. Oh, how great, how great. &gt;&gt; Oh, and sing with me. How great is our God. &gt;&gt; And I will see how great, how great he's our God. Oh, and to wait to stand in his hands beginning and end. Beginning and end. Oh, when the night is fall. Oh, and sing with me. I will sing my praise. How great is our God. Oh, great is the name above all. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing by the way. Just sing it again. The name of God. Oh, you are worthy of praise. Oh, my heart will sing great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, I sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our land and see. Hallelujah. Oh, and all stand. Oh, I love glor. Oh my good time. Oh, and Christ going home. Truly going. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, God will sing. How great, how great is our God. Hallelu. and sing my soul to just worship him tonight. Oh, I see my soul to thee. Oh, how great. How amazing my first verse tonight and oh my heart. Oh when I lost some water. Oh, and God see all the world has. Oh, and I &gt;&gt; I see the star. &gt;&gt; Oh, and &gt;&gt; I hear the power. Oh, what a beautiful day. Oh, my soul to thee. Oh, how great thy High. Let's sing that last verse. Oh, where I shall come for shout and take me home. Shall be my heart. Oh my God in our blood and my Oh my goal. Oh, and I Oh, and blessing my soul. Oh my good to thee. Oh, and I th Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a wonderful God we serve tonight. Amen. He's bring us to the brink of another year and he's protected us all year long. And amen. trials came and different situations and whatever. Amen. But we here we made it to the end and and it's all by his grace and his mercy and we're here to show our thanksgiving to him. Amen. Amen. Brother David Junior, if we could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. How thankful we are to be here. Let's just go to him. Heavenly Father, we have to encourage our hearts, Lord, sometimes and remind ourselves how great you are, Father. Lord, there's many things that try to exalt themselves, Lord, many times just in our own mind, our own cares, our own worries, our own fears, Father. But truly, you're the great one, Lord. And you're so mindful of us, as our brother Billy said, you've drawn us once again to this place. And Lord, as we would put a marker and just mark a year that's complete, it's been nothing but your grace that has seen us through. &gt;&gt; Father, I ask even just my own heart in dieting the matter. Lord, where I have not exalted you as the one who's great above all my cares, all my wants, and all my worries. Lord, forgive me. And Lord, as I look forward, I want to give you the first place and the preeminence, Lord. each one that's gathered here tonight, Father, we're gathering to give you the first place, Lord. So now, as we've come, each one bringing a lick of fire and faith, Lord, may you come and Lord, sit upon the thrones of our heart. We worship you, Lord. And we call you the worthy one, Father, for truly you're worthy of all our praise, all our adoration, all the glory, all the thanksgiving for all the great things you've done, continue to do, and will do, Lord. And we want to just the needs that are represented now, commit them to you, Father, that we could come into one mind, one accord now. That you would have your will and way in this service that everything would be done pleasing to you. Each song that is sung, each word that is spoken, Lord, and may each heart see you, Father. Open our eyes that we could see you. We commit this service to you, Father. May we fall more in love with you. I pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask these things. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God and all our visitors. We're certainly glad to have you with us. Amen. How many happy to be gather in the house of God tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Why don't you turn around and welcome someone tonight? Amen. Amen. All our visitors once again, God bless you. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Have your seats. Oh, there's a country far beyond the stirring sign. Oh, there's a city where river comes a night. For if you're faithful, we shall call divine myction All I am is alive. All I have to do. Oh the sun will shine upon. Oh the church rain until we go home. Oh, in that city where in that city in that city. Oh city where they come and now over I shall be one eternal day shall be forever city for operation over Oh, I am going where your hand is alive. All I have is a perfect all in the city. in the city. city where we come and go down. Oh, I'm going to die. Oh, and that sun for you. Oh sh Oh, in the city where they come All I am doing is alive. Oh, there is power. Power in the blood. his power. Oh, in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, Jesus. Oh, my heart. Hallelujah. in his wonderful power. Hallelujah. There is power in the glory is powerful in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, I know your passion and all power in your life. Oh my goal is power. In the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, and would you be wless power? All power in the blood. Oh, I see. Oh, it is wonderful power. Oh, there is power. Oh, there is power. Oh, in the preious blood of the lamb. I want true serus your king and his power in your life. Oh, I don't want you to praise when I ask for power. Oh, I never got there. in the morning in his power. Oh, the preious blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad there's power in the blood? &gt;&gt; Amen. We'll pass on to the baptism at this moment. Amen. You may be seated. &gt;&gt; I hope we don't make it through 26. Even so, come quickly, Lord Jesus. Amen. And brother Crisen uh has dedicated his life to the Lord and he wants to start the new year serving the Lord and being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, showing outwardly that God is working on the inside. And uh I hope that's our year is that God's going to work on the inside of all of us &gt;&gt; that the inward man might come alive this year. &gt;&gt; What we really are, what we've been predestinated to be. That we'll be a manifestation of what God's thought of his church was. So that's our goal. And uh so we're just so blessed to baptize uh uh Christian at this time. And so we'll open our Bibles and we'll read out of the book of Acts. And you know, uh, this is a wonderful sermon, uh, that was preached and and has he typed it down through time, all the scriptural promises. And then he said, "This same Lord that you have crucified, he's made both Lord and Christ." And and that's what we believe. It says, "Now when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. And ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children and to all that are far off, even as many as our Lord God shall call. And the Lord has called brother Christian. So the word continues alive. And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, save yourself from this up towards generation. And they that gladly received his word were baptized. And the same day they were added unto them about 3,000 souls. And we add one more to the great kingdom of God this evening. That's a wonderful thing to do a baptism on the last day of the year. So God bless you, my precious brother. according to the word of God and what was spoken. Go into all the world, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Peter, with the keys to the kingdom, and with the revelation of the Godhead, he knew who that name was and where the fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt. And for that reason and purpose we baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad God is still heading to the kingdom? &gt;&gt; Amen. And we're still looking for that last one. Amen. Oh, there is a blood. Thy cost that pay my way. Oh, and that is when it flows out from the cross. My sins dwell on. My sins for Christ. &gt;&gt; Oh, and his precious blood. Oh king, oh mighty dream, he breathe the king and go to stand in my face. So I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he come to tell to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is aren't you glad there's a black tonight? Oh, and he Oh, and oh, he has the power to free them as change. I want to glory to cleanse my soul. Oh, and let it sl. Oh, I to make me whole. Oh my God. Oh, I tell you. Oh to the night. Oh every tear the father. &gt;&gt; Oh to shout and to proclaim that it's coming back for you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. That's a promise that he made &gt;&gt; that is coming back for you. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We have uh quite a lot of specials and we'll try to get them as quick as possible. Amen. At this moment, we'll invite brother Andrew to just come up and man say a few words and then we'll jump into some specials in the next of the program. Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Good evening. God bless you all. We're so grateful to the Lord that we can assemble together and bring in the new year. You know, um there's a birth pain upon the church of the living God. You know, we can look back and see that 2025 is about to be dead. &gt;&gt; But praise the Lord. You know, as Christians, you know, every experience with the Lord, you build and you build and you grow. Aren't you thankful for the grace of God in the development of character? I'm so grateful. You know, and you know, as I look back in 2025, this time last year in my heart, the Lord put the desire is to have the right vision, you know, and I believe that through the year when I look back, I can say that God spoke to us. I believe that it wasn't just a desire of my heart, but I believe it was something that God declared about the path forward for us, you know, to have the the missionary mindset to to have the right heart. And, you know, when I look back, I could see God's faithfulness, you know, to answer back to our desire and my heart's desire. And you know, as I was thinking about the service tonight, the Lord just put this scripture on my heart and I'll read this and just maybe share a couple of minutes. But you know, it's out of Matthew 25. Matthew 25. And if you want to turn with me there, it's in um Matthew 25 and 46. Well, we might as well read 45. I'll stop there. But the scripture says this in Matthew 24 and verse 45 says, "Who who then is a faithful and wise servant who has who his lord had made him ruler over his household to give them meat in due season. Blessed is that servant who the Lord when he cometh find him doing so doing you know and I think that's something that's on my heart you know as as we desire to do the will of the Lord you know it's my desire you know uh in 2023 I was you know I felt like you know the Lord put it on my heart about when God come would he find faith you know and God has given us revelation and he's built and he showed us, you know, what the right vision is. And, you know, I don't want to just be a hearer and I don't want to just have revelation, but I want to be acting on the revelation. And so this year as as we're entering into a new season and no doubt God has touched you and you know we're all going through different times and there's things that God is doing in our season, you know, but like it says in Ecclesiastic to every time there's a purpose and season. Amen. And so as God has dealt with you and dealt with me, I just believe with all of my heart that as as God has given us this food and you know this wonderful message, you know, I want to be under expectation that I would be doing his will when he comes. And it would be something that would be a heart of worship, a heart of thanksgiving, a heart of praise. And so just a simple little thought, but you know, I want to be found doing the will of God. &gt;&gt; And so not looking over my shoulder to the left or to the right, but you know, God places something in your heart as an individual that he's entrusting to your care. Like I can't do your service and you can't do mine. But if we'll all do the will of God together, I believe God's program will go forward. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So Lord, bless each and every one of you. We love you and we just trust that the Lord will bless you this new year. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Isn't that our heart's desire? Amen. That we may be found to be about our father's business. Amen. Whatever it is that he wants us to do that he places on our hearts and that we may certainly uh be looking for that. Amen. We're going to invite a couple of people to sing the special. Uh, Sister Sheila, if you could bring your special and right after that, Sister Hannah can bring hers right after. Amen. God bless you, man. What do we sing? Uh, we place you in the highest place as sister Sheila comes. I believe. Amen. We place you in the highest place. Oh, and for you are the great high praise. We place you high above all else. Oh, and we come to you. Oh, and in worship. Just sing it one more time. Oh, we bless you in the highest place. Oh, for you are the greatest. We place you high above all else. Oh, and we come to you and worship to you. Not We shall moon. pap and we shy. Baby More Aba good John. Oh, good. Oh, we sha papa. Good. If you aunt and we shall I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. Many times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave me blessed consolation that my trials only came to make me strong. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. And I've been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces there were times I felt so all alone. But in those lonely hours, most precious lonely hours, uh Jesus lets me know that I'm his own. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I learn to depend upon his word. So I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For if I never had a problem, I wouldn't know that God could solve them. I wouldn't know what faith in God could do. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is our peace, is our hope, is our everything. Amen. We trust on him. At this time, we'll invite Brother Paul to just come and say a few words. Why don't we sing that song? God is so good. He's so good to me. Amen. I believe it's G. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. So true to set my soul holy soul. Oh, and he set my spirit free. Oh, and he healed my broken heart. He's so good to you. Oh, I love him so I love him so I love him so I love him so he so God bless you. I believe that we love him tonight. Uh I didn't ex accept that uh we'll talk tonight but I believe that all along 2025 God has been so good for us. &gt;&gt; Uh God did a lot of thing for us. And from the beginning of the year, our pastor brother David preached about the path forward. I think that each one of us can see his life and find that he came from somewhere &gt;&gt; and is somewhere. is going is going in the relationship with God. &gt;&gt; Uh I can read something in the Bible in the book of John chapter one. The Bible says, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life. and life was the light of man. When I'm thinking about the life, I remember 11 years ago, one of a lovely brother, his sister Jida Brothers in France called me and asked me, "Brother, I feel a burden to start a church in Paris. I want you to join me and help me to start it. So I'm available to do it. So I join him. We start this church and after the first service we were thinking about the name of the church. We have three choice and one of them was life tabernacle and we thought that we pray that everybody will come to the church may have the life of Christ then we choose this name. So I believe that maybe brother David in the choice of Christian life tabernacle that about the same thing and I believe that for 2026 may God help us to not only come to Christian life tabernacle but to become &gt;&gt; a Christian life tabernacle. I think that's my prayer for myself and for each one of us. God bless you and happy new year. &gt;&gt; God bless for the David. Amen. That's what we desire that his life may become our life. Amen. We have uh we're going to take the offerings. We have a couple of requests. you want to read at this time. Amen. Brother Adrienne Martinez is asking prayer for his uncle is in the ER with uh for a kidney surgery. Uh his name is uh Miguel uh uh Gammon. We certainly want to remember him tonight and just pray the Lord will touch him. Sister Lzette Wright u uh for my grandpa Mario has been battling cancer for a few years. He had some tests done last week and the doctors have said that the cancer is spread throughout his body. He's starting in chemo in January 8. Uh please keep him in our prayers. Amen. So we certainly uh want to just remember and keep those needs in our on our hearts. If you have a need upon your heart, why don't you just lift your hand up at this moment. Amen. We'll invite Brother David Jr. to just come and uh pray for this needs. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings if you could come. Let's just go before him. Heavenly Father, there's serious needs that have been brought before us, Lord. Cancer and surgery, Father. And Lord, you're the great physician. You're the Lord God that health all of our diseases. Lord, we don't have to fear cancer, what it could do, Lord, but it is in coming to you and making our petitions known and asking that we could receive. So, Father, we ask, Lord, that you would go and provide a healing touch completely, Lord. You know the purpose for which these things come. Lord, I believe it's all for your glory. That we could be strengthened and settled. That we could know you as a healer. Father, for you to reveal a loving hand that in the darkest of nights can lift us up, lift us up and give us light. So, Father, we ask that you'd be present to these needs. This ties and offering, Lord, at the end of the year, Father, what a fitting time just once again to come to you and give back to you, Father. little portion. All that we have is from you, Lord. You're worthy of it all. May you bless the portion that we give and further it for your kingdom. We pray. We ask these things in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Go ahead and say something. Yeah. While they're just taking the uh offering up, we'll just share. You know, it's it's something to look back at a year and and appreciate everything that has been said. It you know, you look back to where you've come from, you look forward and you know that God's the same God who's been with you is going to see you through through another year. And uh one of the things that just kind of came upon my heart I today was a day where I I didn't conduct myself as the Christian that I would love to. The Christian life tabernacle this tabernacle didn't display the Christian life and I was faced with this situation and I just responded in a certain way and in front of people and it's like where's my testimony at? You know what where did this come from? from the abundance of the heart. The mouth speaketh and it it uh disquited me and it and the Lord started to speak to me and uh it was in John chapter 14 and 26 says but the comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom the father will send in my name he will teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I said unto you. Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. And I I recognized that I really wasn't letting the peace of God rain in my heart. And and it wasn't the peace of God that made me respond the way that I did. And I and we're all full of something. you're you're filling yourself up with something. And I and I I often when I'm weak in my body and sickness, I just become contankerous. It's that time of weakness that as my brother was saying, under pressure sometimes you just show what you're really made of. And I I find sometimes I find out I don't have what I I want to have. But I know that God's promised us peace. &gt;&gt; And he he he's given us that. Matter of fact, I would say if when it really comes down to it, his peace he's left in your heart. And you're not going to find a peace outside of Christ. &gt;&gt; And and when when you find that that uh that peace is lacking, it's because we've sought peace in other things. We've allowed other things that are sinking sand, that weak link, whatever it is, that temporal piece, whatever it was that that just couldn't hold when this when the pressure mounted. Then you find out that you weren't drawing from the right source. And so my prayer just in this coming year is that I would let the peace of God rain. &gt;&gt; That it wouldn't be the peace of the world &gt;&gt; that I'm trying to It's not my job. It's not anything that I've tried to place a a a my comfort in. I I want to renew my strength in the Lord and let the peace of God reign in my life because anything that sinking sand can be shaken. But my encouragement to you is you have his peace he's given unto you. It's a it's his promise to you and he can he'll continue to be your peace in the midst of the storm. God bless you. Amen. &gt;&gt; You know the scripture said, "Here is the love of God made perfect that as he is, &gt;&gt; so are we &gt;&gt; in this world." &gt;&gt; Amen. That's our goal, isn't it? Just to become more like him. Uh, it's exciting tonight. Uh, I believe Clever and Rebecca are in the house. Where are you hiding? Stand up. Our newlyweds. Amen. No better than having part of your honeymoon in church. &gt;&gt; Now, that's what I call starting it out on the right foot. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So nice to have them. And also, it's nice to have uh Brother France Haw and Sister Susan with us from uh Switzerland. And brother Francois has been doing a lot of the translations uh from French uh from uh English to French and and and recording tapes and translating tapes and laying the foundation for books and been with that for many many years. And uh as he testified uh that's what brought him and his wife together. So, we're blessed to have them. And uh so, Brother Francois, we'd like to have you come and say some words to us this evening. And as we uh just dedicate this time to the Lord, you know, God's just so wonderful and he can do above even what we can ask or think. So, this year, I want to put my eyes on the above. What is it that God's doing beyond my mind? &gt;&gt; Give me Isab &gt;&gt; that I might see. &gt;&gt; Amen, my brother. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Without fear or favor, spare no flesh. Speak the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The truth shall set us free. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Thank you, brother. Praise the Lord. Well, good evening. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Where are the French speaking amongst us tonight? &gt;&gt; Ah, nice. Raise your hand way up high. Good. Good. Well, a a good portion of the congregation is French speaking in Franco. Welcome. you. Amen. Now, tonight I have a pulpit to preach. Yesterday it was different. It was a wedding ceremony. No pullpit. It's hard for a preacher to stand in the front of people without a pullpit. You don't know where you put your notes and your things. Amen. So, please bear with me tonight. It will be bilingual again just for a little change to break the routine routine. Amen. I'm very happy with my wife. How many people of our church do we have here? Okay. Over there. God bless you. Happy to have you. Amen. Amen. Amen. I really appreciate the support. So uh I want to bring to you the greetings for from our little church Rosanna in Switzerland. We are about 100 people and a bit more with the children. But we love the Lord Jesus with all of our heart. And I'm so happy for the the church that the Lord gave me to to minister to. And I believe that my heavenly father always gives me the best. Do you believe that also Jesus said if you are evil know how to give good things to your children how much more your heavenly father Amen. So I believe God gave me the best wife I could ever have. If I had to do it all all over again, I would I would choose the same lady because it was God's choice. God gave me the best children I could ever have. Even though a couple of them are But still I learned so much through my children and I believe God gave me the best church he could give me. I don't say it's the best church in the world. I just say it's the best church for me. I had the opportunity to preach to over 10,000 people in Congo. It was really an experience experience. I think about three balconies. I could see only the silhouettes of the people. I could only recognize a few faces in the front. But I I was telling myself, Lord, how does my brother do it to pastors so many people? I can hardly handle 100 people, but how can I handle over 10,000 people? Come on. But you know, God equips his men &gt;&gt; with everything they need &gt;&gt; to do the job. And I have no no envy for something else because I know my heavenly father. &gt;&gt; He always gives me the best. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God gave me the best parents even though they divorced when I were three or four years old. But in God's predestination, they had to be there. &gt;&gt; So, how can how can I have bad thoughts about the parents God gave me? No, they had to be there the way they are, they were to bring me to this world. So, I want to be thankful, grateful for the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. I'm not going to question him. He knows what he's doing. in faith. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; My road has not been easy and your road has not been easy. But it was the best road that you and I we could walk on. God knew what it it would take to bring us to the statue of a perfect man. &gt;&gt; It's not an easy road and God told his prophet in French because thou has chosen the narrow road, the harder way. He didn't say the hard way. He said the harder way. &gt;&gt; Let me confess that to you. I've gone through hard years ministering in Switzerland. Switzerland is a beautiful country, but spiritually speaking, it's hard. God's prophet came twice in Switzerland in 55 I think in in May or June he was in Zurich and at the end of August last week of August he came to Loausan Switzerland he enjoyed the country he did some sightseeing visit He loved the country and at first when he was in Zurich and all the bells were ringing, he said, "Oh, this is heaven here." But when he he saw what hard time the Swiss gave Billy Graham like difficulty Billy Gra he said wow he's not so nice and he he said I was coming right behind Billy Graham in Zurich. So u he wanted to come back to Switzerland in 57 and and so on and God said don't go and he he sent another minister in hisstead you know and they really gave him a hard time he was not even allowed to pray for the sick in the meeting. So anyhow, so I was born in that country and I I labored in this country from year 1972 and we try to evangelize from city to city and with hardly any result. We would put advertisements, put posters, pass out the invitations and hardly anyone would come. I was so discouraged. I told my wife, I said, "No, Jesus said no man can be a prophet in his own country. Let's go elsewhere. I don't want your being that my wife is American I said okay let's go to the states your country Americ was a little church in Ohio they didn't have any pastor but said well come here they may take you as a pastor I went there I already had my green card for a whole week. I preached my heart out. And at the end of the week came the vote. And people said, "Oh, thank you. That was a good sermon, brother." They were so happy. There was a vote and I didn't pass. What a disappointment. Another time, brother George Ferguson in Quebec. God had blessed him in the I mean it was in the in the 70s 80s in the 80s and many people were starting to believe the message in Quebec. There was a revival Brother Ferguson came to Switzerland. He met with And brother F had a small church. I had a small church. We said, "Oh, praise the Lord. This is our opportunity." And after a few weeks, Brother Ferguson changed his mind. He said, "Well, um, I will keep Montreal. I will keep Shawigan and the church in Quebec City will be for brother Fay." He said, And no more church for again. Disappointment twice the Lord shut the door in my in my face. It hurt. But you know what? I was looking for an easier way. And God said, "No, my way is the harder way." Just to encourage you. Amen. &gt;&gt; No. As human beings, we want the easy way. But God's way, &gt;&gt; as he told his prophet, it's the harder way. So be encouraged. &gt;&gt; It is if it seems to you like it's getting harder and harder, it doesn't mean that God is not with you. No, he knows what is best for you. He says, &gt;&gt; and then when I saw the doors closing on me, I said, Lord, not my way. your way. And you know this is what God was expecting from me. And when I changed my attitude attitude, things started to go better. God started to bring new people into the church and especially people and I bless God for my brothers and sisters now church the majority is our color people we have Seven African countries represented African represent. We have a family from the Philippines Philippine, a family from South America, Brazil, Brazil, and from Europe and so from North America and different places. So I'm blessed. Amen. I like variety. like God's bouquet, you know, beautiful flowers, different colors, &gt;&gt; the bouquet, the beer, the different, the bride of Jesus Christ. So, so uh greetings from our church and thank you so much for praying for sister Susan, my wife. Suzanne Monip in August of this year. She had a very big operation of cancer. It was a saroma cancer in the in the abdomen. It was a big test. Unexpected test. But what I really thank the Lord for. No, it created a move of solidarity in the local church. People started to pray like never before. Some started fasting. even a sister of the church. She she she prayed in the hospital, you know, during the whole time of the operation, four hours. There was a place where she could pray for four hours the time of the operation. Our family that was a bit scattered. They just came together around their mom. beautiful, you know, and then as the news spread around in many places, many places around the world, people were praying and praying with us. It it it vindicates what the prophet said. He said, "Sometimes we think, oh, it's nothing but divisions in the body of Christ." you know, everyone on his own. But the prophet said, "Let something happen to one of us." And we forget about about our divisions and we come together and we pray in one heart and one accord and God hears from heaven. And he answers in I said, "Lord, what a beautiful experience." I want to give God all the glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. For many years, I've been so discouraged by seeing all the divisions under the umbrella of the message. I said, "Lord, but you didn't send your prophet for us to be all separated like that." But you know, the bride of Christ cannot be divided. It's not because someone mentions in the name of the messenger of the hour that he is or she is a member of the bride. No, Christ cannot be divided. And there is according to the word of the hour an invisible union of the bride of Christ. I have seen it. When I travel, I meet people I've never seen before. And it doesn't take hours for us to be one heart. We have the same spirit. &gt;&gt; We have the same Bible. The same message of the hour, the same respect to say only what the tape say. We don't need to argue who is right, who is wrong. It seems like we have always been together. This is God's work. &gt;&gt; I've tried hard for years and years to bring the minister together wherever I would go. And every time I was disappointed by those ministers meetings I don't know about here. It was battleground. I mean, Bible scriptures against Bible scriptures, quote against quote. I mean, it was it was pitiful. It was a shame that us ministers would use the word of God to fight each other. Amen. Some brothers said, "Brother France, I came because I love you, but such a meeting I would never go back and it was it was painful." I said, "Lord have mercy on us. The message should bring us together. But now I have changed my my vision, my my visual. I said, Lord, whatever I see on the outside, I know your word cannot fail. There's one Christ, there's one bride, and she's one. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's an invisible union, but it is real. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I bless the Lord for that. So coming here for the second time, I don't need to ask what do you believe? What do you believe? I feel good amongst you. I feel a kindred spirit, a welcoming spirit because the Holy Spirit is here &gt;&gt; because the word has molded you like it has molded me. Praise the Lord. So, uh, just thank you for letting me open my heart a little bit. Um um our people in Switzerland really enjoyed brother Clever and Stor Rebecca, the believers in Switzerland really enjoyed watching the wedding ceremony ceremony and thank you for the tech team for making the wedding ceremony available online. Amen. And thank you, Pastor David, for your kind invitation to perform the wedding ceremony. Marage, brother Clever and Sister Rebecca, the Clever Rebecca. And on Sunday, I was so blessed by the sermon of brother Matthew. Amen. So, praise God for true ministers. One thing that he said, God takes away the wise. Human beings have so many wise. But years ago, I made a little study on the wise in the Bible. And not going into the subject, just look at your Bible. The first why that was ever mentioned in the holy scriptures, it was not a human being asking God why. It was God who asked human beings why. God had provided a beautiful garden. you have and they disobeyed God disobeyed you and God said why did you do it so I believe if we can answer God's wise God will probably answer our wise amen so praise the Lord God is wonderful. And you know, we have arrived here uh Saturday night late at midnight. So we were in church with you on Sunday. But and now it's Wednesday. So Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, four days. You know what? I'm starting to getting attached to you. just shaking your hand, smiling at one another. It feels good. The prophet said, "I like a tangible God." &gt;&gt; Amen. And the prophet like to give a good handshake. So, thank you for blessing me. Merceni. So we will leave my wife and I and our daughter Elizabeth and her daughter Noelene tomorrow midday. visit, but there's so much work to do, so we have to go back. Thank you so much for being so sweet and kind to us. But you know what? One of these days, we will not say goodbye anymore. I'm looking forward to that day. Since our first visit about nine years ago, the Lord has really blessed your church. Their visit, I can see it has grown tremendously. We were still in the old building, your fellowship hall, and you have a beautiful, beautiful building. It's a dream to have such a building. Appreciate it. We have been looking for years to have another building. It's and it's it's really difficult in Switzerland. Yesterday when we went to the reception after the wedding there was it was written love is a journey. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Do you feel that you are a a traveler on this earth? So let's take the Bible now and we will readm please I don't know if you want to stretch a bit and get up for a few minutes verse 19 Nehemiah 9:19 NeiF enough. Yet thou in thy manifold mercies, forsookst them not in the wilderness, the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day to lead them in the way, neither the pillar of fire by night to show them light and the way wherein they should go. Don't Lord, we pray that you bless your word for us tonight as we end year 2025 and we are just about to start 2026. for encourage us through thy word Lord. No, everything is shaking around us. But your word is stable. It is unmovable. It is our rock. Lord, encourage us once again tonight. We ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. Today we just told with brother David and sister Julia bit Dallas and we went to Fort Worth, you know, and just to see the Longhorns and things like that. It was nice for the family. Then I was really tired. I caught a cold. So I just rested a little bit, you know, on the bed. But you know, I mean, there are different preachers here. You know when when um you receive an invitation to minister, you know, the inspiration starts pouring because at first I said, "No, I'm going to tell brother David I'm not feeling good. I'm weak. I'm not going to say anything tonight. Maybe just say hello and that's all. But then the inspiration was coming and just a few things came together not long but just something to live with you for the coming year. I'd like to entitle it Third Exodus organized guided tour. &gt;&gt; Third Exodus organized guided tour. Exod we know from our prophet we are in the third exodus. So if we look at the first exodus we can learn and understand what is happening right now. So the verse we just read no is is going over what God did for them previously and he says in thy manifold mercies for sust them not in the wilderness. Can we update that? Can we bring that to today? Can we say that in 2025 you here in America as in Switzerland or some of you in other countries in 2025? God has not forsaken us in the wilderness. Can you say that? If you are here tonight, it's the proof that God has not forsaken you. &gt;&gt; And God sent the pillar of cloud and the pillar of fire by day, by night to show us light. wherein we should go. Lord, brothers and sisters, I mean, it's hard to walk the Christian life in this world. There's so much darkness, so much perversion, so much sin. It's terrible to to look at in what shape the world is. You agree? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we need we need God's guidance. We need God to to shine his light on our path. Otherwise, we'll we'll just bang against this and that and stumble. Amen. I mean, we the in this world is so filled with traps. the to make everyone fall. But the God doesn't want his bride to fall in the traps. his light on our path. Otherwise, we we don't know where we are going. &gt;&gt; Let's go to verse 20. Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and with heldest not thy mana from their mouth, and gave us them water for their thirst. Let's try to apply this verse 20 to the end of 2025 and the beginning of 2026. Thou gave us thy good spirit to instruct them or to make them wise. God is just one spirit. It is called the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So can we say in 2025 God gave us his holy spirit. &gt;&gt; What would we do without the Holy Spirit? Think about it. and will withheld us not a mana from their mouth. What manner is he speaking about? I believe he's speaking about the hidden mana. Do you know what it is? I believe it is the stored up spiritual food on the tapes. Have you listened to those tapes? How many have listen to the tapes? &gt;&gt; Don't be ashamed. Amen. The prophet said, "Listen to these tapes in the cool of your room." And nothing wrong with listening to tapes in church. The prophet spoke about that as well. The prophet. So brothers and sisters in this time of spiritual famine, God has provided for you and I hidden mana. And I thank God for that. There's no other spiritual food available today for you and I to strengthen us spiritual vitamins to make us overcomers. No. Who will win? Which which which dog will win? the one you feed the most. &gt;&gt; Oh, I have some defeats, some some failures. Which dog have you been feeding? So, thank God for spiritual food available any time of the day and night. church meetings. Wonderful. We have them. You have them. But it's what? Three times a week. Okay. We also have three times a week. It's not enough. &gt;&gt; You need those eagles. &gt;&gt; To go look for that food yourself. Amen. Don't just sit and wait for someone to to feed you. You are eagles. &gt;&gt; Fly. Look around. &gt;&gt; Look for fresh food. &gt;&gt; Fresh where on the tapes. Read your Bible every day. Pray. Talk with God. I mean, it's getting so so tough. Unless we do that, we will collapse and gave us them water for their thirst. What kind of water? &gt;&gt; I believe living water. Did you feel that God has been regenerating you by his living water? &gt;&gt; No. Water is is essential to life. If you can go without food for a few a few days, but not without water. Our bodies made with a lot of water. If you don't drink good water, you'll die. But God in the third Exodus is providing for his children living water. AND I THANK GOD FOR THAT. When we come to the end of a year, it's time to say, "Lord, thank you. Thank you. Thank you." Mercy, mercy, mercy. Amen. That's that's all I can say. I have no right to complain. I can only say, "Lord, thank you." Mercy. &gt;&gt; Oh, let this night be a night of thanksgiving. Verse 21. 40 years did thou sustain them in the wilderness. God has been sustaining us &gt;&gt; all through 2025. you and I we don't know each other so well here here or in Australia in South America wherever God has sustained us. HE DID NOT FORSAKE US. He cannot forsake us. So let's recognize that. So they so that they lacked nothing. &gt;&gt; If I am in the journey of the third Exodus today, I want to confess that in 2025 I lacked nothing. &gt;&gt; God has provided brothers and SISTERS JUST SAY THANK YOU LORD. What can we do but say thank you? You cannot pay it back but God is expecting at least a thank you a sincere thank you not just from the lips but from your heart. Amen. If God had not kept his promise toward you, if he had not kept his covenant, his unconditional covenant, where would you be tonight? Where would I be? Where would my wife be? Where would my wife be tonight? But God has been faithful. &gt;&gt; Oh, their clothes wax not old, and their feet swelled not. I I want to say, Lord, what you did in the first Exodus, you are doing it right now in the third exodus. And I tell you, thank you. In Hosea 12:13, yeah, and by a prophet, the Lord brought Israel out of Egypt. Israel and by a prophet was he preserved. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Did God fulfill that for you? &gt;&gt; Amen. The third exodus is coming out of denominations, the world and denominations and to go into the rapture. But but who has been leading us? Not just a man. Said the prophet of this day is the Lord Jesus Christ. Yes. Veiling himself in a man. William Brham. William. It's through this message that we were set free of men's organizations. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And by a prophet we have been preserved. in the message countdown September 62. Oh, but the church glory she's spreading some fire too. Amen. The countdown is coming. Amen. Justification, sanctification. Paragraph 113. Baptism of the Holy Ghost. Laudy churches. We are at the end. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. What's the matter? 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 zero. They won't be crying, but they'll be singing and shouting and praising God as a church takes its astronaut move into the skies to be with Jesus Christ. Oh. Amen. AMEN. AMEN. Why did I give the title to the message tonight? Third Exodus organized guided tour. How many of you know what 2026 holds for you and I? Unless God give you a revelation, none of us knows anything about 2026. Yes, we have general information in the word in the message but but specifically or precisely specific. Do you know what will happen in January or in March or in September 2026? I know nothing about it and sometime we fear about the future. But let me encourage you tonight. We are on a wonderful journey. &gt;&gt; But it's not a journey where you are trying to to find your way. Should I go here? No, it is a an organized &gt;&gt; guided tour. What does it mean? Israel did not know what would be the next step, but God knew. But in the in the wilderness, BUT WHAT SHALL WE EAT? It's none of your business. But we have little children. Who will we sleep? is none of your business. It's an organized guided tour organized guided tour. Have you done that before? &gt;&gt; Raise your hand. Okay. So did you have to worry to say well what will I eat today at the end of the day where will I sleep sleep no you don't worry you just relax somebody has planned everything for you but if you travel on your own yes You may wonder what shall I eat? Where will I sleep? I don't know the country. What will I see? What what what will happen? But this is not the journey we are in in the third exodus. was exod. God showed that to me in the first exodus. They had to have no worry at all. Brothers and sisters, let's be true believers. Amen. Don't worry about tomorrow. Don't worry about 2026. You have been invited by the Almighty God on an organized guiding tour. the participary pastor David Mgari he's a wonderful pastor pastor but he doesn't know everything in part but the prophet preached my died. &gt;&gt; The prophet Mid Who is he? Let us trust him. Thank you very much. I have five minutes to to stop. I'm at the end. Be encouraged. In the seventh seal books, the prophet said that the seventh the seventh seal it was relaxing time. Let's relax. Ruth had to relax because Bose was looking after her. She had done her part. Now said, "Stay here. Don't worry. I'm doing my job." And Bose did and redeemed her. Brothers and sisters, I want to relax as much as I can because my Bose is taking care of me. Amen. So let us just be happy happy Christians you know and the um I I am 75 and the older you get the more you look forward to the change of the body. But what stimulates me in my Christian walk is that there is a countdown going on. And every year that passes, every month, every week, every day that passes, an brings me closer closer of my body change. And as soon as that happens, I'm I enter into my eternal body. for eternal. I'm looking forward to it. Are you? &gt;&gt; So, let us pray. Heavenly Father, just a exhortation that you put on my heart for these lovely believers. Lord, nothing to worry about concerning 2026. Lord, the third exodus we are in is an organized guided tour. You are the guide. The pillar of fire is right with us. You are protecting us. You are lighting our path. You are providing for all our needs. Lord, we are blessed people. And Lord, we just want to say with all of our heart, thank you, dear Lord. Mercy, you are so good, so wonderful. and we love you with all of our heart in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I thought that was extremely nice of our brother to invite you all to Switzerland, his beautiful country. So, you all try to get over and visit them there. We think that's wonderful. I I thought when he when he said he went to minister meetings and uh they're just a battle, I I looked at Billy, he says, "That's why I don't have them." you know, and then he said, "I take he" He said, "I took they took a vote and uh they didn't uh I didn't get the vote." And I looked at Billy and I said, "Well, that's why I don't have them." So, uh you know, God is so good. So, what we're going to do is we're going to try to have communion about midnight as the world uh blows their horns and shoots their guns in the air and and uh and do do all their things because they're going into another year. We're not going into another year. We're going into eternity. &gt;&gt; And and like I said, this isn't a staying message. It's not a message about how to live here. It's a message about how to leave here. &gt;&gt; And that's what our goal is. And I thought he said an organized guided tour. The footsteps of the righteous &gt;&gt; are ordered by the Lord. And if we could just have God order our footsteps this coming year, then we would know beyond a shadow of a doubt that our lives are organized &gt;&gt; and guided &gt;&gt; to where he wants to bring us &gt;&gt; in our journey here. So, the way we're going to conduct the communion is that we're going to have you come up, take the piece of bread and your cup, and go back to your seat. And if I was bilingual, I would tell you that in French. I would tell you that in Spanish, in lingala, in Chaluba, in Swahili, in Portuguese, in Hindi, and whatever languages are spoke here. But so if the person next to you doesn't speak English, tell them, "We're going to go up. We're going to take the cup. We're going to take the bread. and we're going to go back to our seats and then we're all going to take it together. So, don't stop and take communion like we normally do. Just take it, &gt;&gt; go back to your seat, and then we'll all stand and take communion. We'll read the scriptures and take communion together. So, uh, uh, well, and I guess we'll just, uh, uh, I guess we can just, I don't know, should we start at the back or come to the front or start at the front and just start at the front. The the chief organizer has spoken. You didn't know I was subject to the deacons, did you? So they they come and tell me every Sunday all the things I have to straighten out. So I just do what I'm told. So, I think what we'll do is maybe we'll have uh uh uh uh brother Pedrosa sit uh Thiago and your family maybe as you could just sing to us while we're walking and getting our our our bread and our wine. So if you'd come up and or alls my note says is familia pedrosa and I guess that means you allighty all righty as they come and they they'll sing better you guys can start uh so I guess you just go back and go around and then come out just like we normally do, but just go back to your seat. All righty. So, uh, as they sing, go ahead and come and, uh, get your, uh, uh, your, uh, your bread. So, go ahead and have start, Chris. Yeah. Yeah. Just go ahead and like you normally do and just just like you normally take communion. So, just go on back and come down the each aisle just like you normally take communion. Just go ahead and start in your lines down the down each aisle. Just like normally you take communion, but you don't take communion. I'm not a very good communicator, brother. There we go. Just like we normally take communion. And just uh go ahead and sing for us. God bless you. He say she been so if I sill the host It is the pass. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give them mercy. I see the past. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. preschore. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It does feel feels. We feel amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Give sing. Are you sure? That's good. Amen. Let's all stand together. I thought as our brother exhorted us uh telling us that this should be a time of unity and the things that you unite around are the word of God. And Jesus spoke these words. He said that if you love me, you'll keep my commandments. So it was more than just the acknowledgment of his existence or the acknowledgment that he is the creator of heaven and earth. But it's a commitment in your life to obey. And obedience is always tied to sacrifice because Satan has planned his world to come into conflict with God's word. Everything in his civilization, everything in his education is to discredit God's word. And he offers a reward for disobedience, but it's a carnal reward. It's a temporary reward. But God's reward is eternal life. &gt;&gt; The gift of God is eternal life. And so as we take communion. &gt;&gt; We understand that it's one of the commandments that God requires that we take communion, we wash feet, and we're baptized. And so as you take communion and you commune with him, your communion should be, and I hope mine is tonight, Father, I haven't obeyed you the way that I should, but I'm going to rededicate my heart to your word. Our brother exhorted us to study to show yourself approved that you might know what the will of the father is because that's what we want to do. We want to do his will and please him. And so that's what communion is about. It's our outward sign that I'm obeying God's word. The thing I love so much about God's word is that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. He's always a rewarder. You can never do anything for God that's not repaid to you a hundfold in this life. and the life to come. He's always so faithful and just to confess our sins, to forgive our sins, excuse me, if we'll confess them. Communion is a time of making things right and confessing your sins, confessing your unbelief. And my my prayer for my life this year is that the rapture and eternal life and heaven because I believe in heaven &gt;&gt; that it becomes a greater reality to me than ever. &gt;&gt; I want to almost taste it. I want to smell it. I want to touch it. I want to feel it. I want to understand that every action of my life, every word that comes out of my mouth is for the purpose of my eternal destination. I want to live for the kingdom I'm going to &gt;&gt; and I want to walk to that gate and enter to that city and know that I was a soldier on earth to keep that kingdom alive. that that domain of that kingdom ruled on earth in me &gt;&gt; and that I'm returning home from the battlefield that I I wasn't I was a soldier when I was here. I kept the truth. I kept the banner. I stood for the king's laws. I stood for the king's name. I obeyed the king's ordinances. I lived as the king commanded me to live. And now I'm not returning defeated. I'm not returning with shame and guilt. &gt;&gt; But I'm returning from whence I came, &gt;&gt; knowing that I let my light shine. &gt;&gt; I casted my vote. I stood for that kingdom on this earth. And he told me that if I would stand for him here, that he would stand for me there. Amen. &gt;&gt; That every choice that I make, every confession that I make of his glorious name, every time I bring myself subject unto the commandments of God's word and become a reproach and a fool in this world, that in that life I'll receive the honor. do a soldier, &gt;&gt; do a prince and princesses of the kingdom of God. So let us turn in our Bibles. They would put these scriptures on the on the board Corinthians 11th chapter in the 23rd verse. And tonight we're standing here saying, "Father, I'm standing and making my stand for your communion. I'm going to take this bread and wine and it is my confession that I believe that your word is true. Your kingdom is real. Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world." And I'm testifying this evening by taking communion. I believe in that eternal kingdom. &gt;&gt; I believe just beyond this realm that we can see lies an eternal life. full of those that have gone on before us, full of men that have stood for this word and laid their life down for this word. &gt;&gt; And I want to join those ranks tonight, don't you? &gt;&gt; I want to be numbered &gt;&gt; with the saints &gt;&gt; when they go marching in. Lord, let me be among that number when the saints go marching in. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, and he broke it, and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do ye in remembrance of me. And after the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as ye drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come. Whosoever shall eateth this bread and drink of this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. We examine ourselves. Make your commitment. Make your confession. Set a goal in your heart to serve him. And then enter into a covenant, the covenant of communion with him. If you help me, Lord, I'll walk with you. And he promised us, I will not leave you, nor forsake you. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. That we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another. And if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Isn't that beautiful? Let us pray. Our gracious father, we've assembled tonight in this city. We've come to this place that you've provided. We've brought ourselves just the way that we are. Our faults, our problems, our fears, our doubts. But Father, we're willing to stand before you with open hearts, not hiding anything from you, but telling you that we're a needy people. And in the year set before us, we need you to give us that great guided tour to lead our footsteps in righteousness. And Father, we want to dedicate ourselves to you this evening, a reconsecration of our hearts. Father, we don't want to have a traveling mind, but we want to bring our minds subject to your word. Father, we ask you this evening to take us in your hand. Each one of our hearts, each one of our minds, that we might serve you with our whole heart, our whole mind, and our whole body. and that we might love our neighbors as we love ourselves. Father, in these things we please you and all things. Father, now as we take this communion, we ask you to bless us in Jesus' name. Amen. It's 3 minutes to midnight, which we know for the believer is a great sign. God bless you. Let's all take our communion together. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Isn't God good? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We'll turn the service back over to Billy for some uh little more worship and and singing and and if you have to go, it it's uh uh feel free if you can stay a while and worship. We certainly love that. So, Lord, richly bless you and not just a happy new year. We want to be on beyond happy. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Amen. We We want joy unspeakable and full of glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. We want peace that surpasseth understanding. And I I guess um &gt;&gt; um I I don't know. Um how do you want to brother? Where's brother Chris at? Ask brother Chris how he wants to collect the cups. Maybe you could just pass your cups uh to the person on the end of the aisle. Uh, all you go to this aisle here and someone go to So just pass all your cups to the the s not the center aisle but the the side aisle. Pass all your cups to that aisle. All your cups to that aisle. Uh, you can just grab a a can a little uh basket out of the uh uh grab a basket out of my office. David or out at one of the offices and we'll just have somebody go right down there and collect all the cups. All righty, we can do that. God bless you so much. We love you. Brother Billy, lead us in some songs. Thank you. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. As our pastor said, we have a lot of people that wanted to sing special. So, if you want to go, Amen. Please just uh feel free to go. Uh we'll have some people sing some specials and we'll sing some congregation at this time. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. In all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life. You have been faithful. All my life. You have been so so true. With every breath that I can hle and I love you, oh, you have led me through the fire. In darkest night, you are closer than no other. I've known you as a father. I know you as a friend. Oh, I have live in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faith. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All my life you have been so so with every breath that I can make. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you first. I love you. &gt;&gt; Oh, and you have led me through the fire. Oh, and in the Christmas you are closer than I know other. Oh, I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. Oh, I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am and I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. Brother Mark David has a special. Amen. Right after that, Sister Linda can bring her. Amen. God bless you church and um happy new year to every one of you. Um I want to sing um until you've known the love of God. Um couple months ago I was just deliberating in my mind and um you know I I was reminded of the word the prophet said that says nothing will make it except for perfect love. Um, so in my mind I started wondering what's that per what's that perfect love? I I was trying to imagine what what a perfect love would look like. Um, you know, I just kept on telling everybody around me. I said, "Hey, uh, not the doctrine, not anything, but just perfect love among the bride." And then he said, Brother Brown said, "Only among the bride will you find perfect love." Um, and so, uh, I used to remember my dad would sing this song while I was very little that you've know nothing until you know, um, the love of God. Now, I'm not going to understand how to sing the first and the second stanza. I only know the chorus, but I'll try. If you could home all the world and its money, build castles tall enough to reach the sky above. If you could know everything there was to know about life's game. Yet you've known nothing until you've known God and his love. until you've known the loving hand that reaches down to a fallen name and lift them up from out of sin where he has strong until you've known just how it feels to know that body's really real and you've known nothing until you've known the love of God. If in your lifetime you could meet everybody and you could call every name from here to young. But if you've knocked him face to face with Jesus hand saving grace and you've known no one until you've known the love of God. Oh, until you've known the loving end that reaches down to a falling man and picks him up above the plane where he had drawn. until you know just how it feels to know that God is really real. And you've known nothing. Until you know the love of God. Oh, until you know the loving end that reaches down to a falling man and picks him up from heart of sin where he had ch until you know just how it feels to know that God is really real. Saying you know nothing until you know the love of God. Goodbye. See you. When I'm feeling afraid, full of uncertainty when the plans that I've made all fall apart when the future's clear and all that I can do is wait. There is a promise echoing in my heart. He will be faithful to the end. He will provide time and time again. He will be faithful. So faithful to the end. He will be there when nothing else fails. His love is stronger than my pain. He will be faithful. So faithful to the end. There is grace I can measure. Mercy I don't deserve. There's forgiveness a sinless for me. Oh, what a blessed assurance to know how deeply I'm loved. And I'm always reminded that he will be all I need. He will be faithful to the end. He will provide time and time again. He will be faithful, faithful to the end. For he will be there when nothing else fails. His love is stronger than my pain. Oh, he will be faithful, so faithful to the end. He will be faithful, faithful to the end. Amen. Why don't we sing this song? I know who I am because I know who he is. Amen. I know I am. I know who you are. Oh, and the cross of salvation was only the first time. I am chosen. Oh, and free and forgive her. Oh, and I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, I was conving the grave. I was called by and raised back to life. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I was faithful. Oh, and why would I make a my shame when a mountain of grace my way I know I am yours. I was faithful. Oh, I know who I am. I know who you are. Oh, and the cross of salvation was only your son. Now I am chosen. Oh, I'm free and forgive her. Oh, and I have a future. It's worth to leave me. I was made to be tainting the grave. I pushed all my Oh, and raised back to life. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I was faithful. &gt;&gt; Oh, and why would I make my shame when the fountain of is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for Oh, you call my name. I sing out your praise. Oh, you in my past I'm Godl. I'll sing out your praise. Oh, you buried my head. I'm not going back. Oh, when I was a man to be tending the grave, I was called by. Oh, and born and raised back to life. Oh, and I was faithful. Oh, and why would I make of my shame when the fountain of voice is running my way? I know I am. I was made. Sing my chorus again. Oh, and I was a made to be tending the grave. I was called by. Oh, and born and raised back to life again. I was faithful. Oh, and why would I make a bed in my shame when the fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am. I was faithful. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Unice has a special. Amen. If she could come at this time. Amen. What after that? Brother David can bring his man. God bless you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; We're just going to sing. Yes, I'm good. Hallelujah. Yes. And we Yes. Good. She could sing. Hallelujah. Cal. Yes. to kill him. Hallelujah. I'm feeling I'm feeling We He live my God bless you saints. Just want to make some joyful noise to the Lord. Uh it's been a tremendous year uh for me, you know, uh from the jump, you know, I've been we were praying around this time last year. We were praying with my wife, just asking the Lord to bring us somewhere we can have a church like this because up there it was really tough. And you know, it's about a year now from the time that God answered that prayer for us. So I want to just sing the love of God. And the love of God is greater far and tongue or pen can ever tell. He goes beyond the highest star and reaches The lowest hell the guilty pay by the we've care God gave his son to weing child he reconcile loud and pardon from singing. Oh love of God. Love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. each other forever more and new. The sense an angel song when glory time shall pass away and earthly thrones and kingdom fall. When men who here refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountain calls, God love so sure shall still endure. How measureless it's strong redeeming grace to Adam's race the sense and a child so oh love of God oh love of God our ancient pure It's measure last and strong. It shore more and the sense and ending just song. We think the ocean filled and where the skies of parchment made. For every star on perfect world and every man has strive a train to ride the love of God above will train thee. and try. No pull the scroll contain the stretch from skies to love of God. Love of God. How rich and pure, how measureless and strong. Each child forever more and new love the sincing to the song. Love of God. Love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shine forever more and do the sense and angels song. God please &gt;&gt; sing about the love of God. Amen. Amen. And why don't we sing that song? God will not reject your prayer. Oh, God will not reject your prayer. Oh, prayer makes you stronger. Oh, and I have never seen a rightuous forsaken or begging or left to suffer. Oh, and patience. Let's wait and see. Oh, and what God will do. Oh, when you lift up your hands and surrender, oh God will hold you through. Oh worship, oh and simply worship. Oh, and in your time worship. Oh, and if you're hurting, worship. Oh, and if you're hurt, he worship. Oh, and his worship. Oh, and he will hear all praise. God's going before you say, "Let me." He's hitting your wounds and he's setting you free. You're sending his angels fighting on your side. He's leading the way as he is the God who trust in him. He will never fail. He walks with you along life for trail. Just lift up your hand. This is your victory day. Oh, give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Oh, and worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Oh, and worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. It is important. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, when God is speaking. &gt;&gt; Oh, and sometimes it may seem to be silent, but Hallelujah. Oh, I am patient. Oh, I just wait and see what God will do. When will you lift up your hands and surrender? Oh, God will sing. Oh, worship. Oh, I simply worship. Oh, and if you're crying, worship. Oh, and if you're trying to worship. Oh, and if you're hurting, worship. Oh, and every matter is worship and he will heal your praise. God, sing to me. He's hitting your wounds and he's setting you free. Sending his angels fighting on your side. He's getting the way. Yes, he is the God you trust in all you walks with you along life. Holy hand this is your victory day. Oh give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Oh worship the Lord. Oh worship the Lord. Oh, and worship the Lord. Oh, and worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All we need to do is worship him. He knows what we have need and he certainly is going to take care of them. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Lean Andrew has a special Amen. Right after that, Buddha Ben is going to bring his French song. Amen. be so sorry. Start over. To God be the glory. To God be the honor. To God be the worship. For he's worth the of praise. He is worth the of all praise. The master and the savior. The healer and the king, the protector and the redeemer. For his word, the all praise. He is good. The all praise. Praise the praise the Lord. Oh. Oh my soul, praise the Lord. Oh my soul, my King and Lord, my all. You are worthy of all praise. You are worthy of all praise. My light in darkness, my strength within the fight, the deliver of my life. For your word, the of all praise. You are worthy of all praise. The giver of promises, the answer of prayers, the reward of faith. For he's worth the of all praise. He is worthy of all praise. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my soul, my king. My all of praise the Lord. Oh my soul. He is worthy of all praise. The king of kings, the lord of lord, the lover of my soul. You are worthy. You are worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You You are the my bra. God bless you, saints. I told Brother Frana yesterday I'd sing a song in French. Today I'm just going to sing in a capella. If you can find me, then find me. I'm The morning twice in my VW Watching FL Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Fore Mary Basket Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Love and twice in my love. Fed and basket and born they won't Mary fra basket. Oh de Mary fash. Amen. Amen. That's what we desire to be molded by his hands. Amen. Man, we got Brother Thiago and uh Brother Brandham. So, we'll have Brother Thiago come first and then Brother Brandham will come right after. Man, why don't we sing I know the master of the rain. Amen. Amen. My butterfly sails on the trouble sea. Ever there's a wind in my butterfly sails on the trouble sea. Oh, wherever there is a wind in my s. Oh, like my heavenly father, he watches over me. Oh, when the breeze turns in to G. I know the master of Yes, I know. I am the maker of the rain. Oh, and he came from the stones and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Oh, sometimes I saw an eagle in the sky. Oh, and among the peace my soul can be found. Oh, unexpected stor me down. I know the way. Oh, yes. I know. I know. The maker of the rain. Oh, and he can come and make the sun to shine again. I will sing one song but I really sing in the beginning of the service and I don't have plan B. I need to sing this song. Oh Lord my God, nine in one so wonder consider it all the words Thy hands have made. I see the star. I hear the rolly thunder. Thy power throughout the universe display. Then sing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great the world. How great the world. Then sing my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou. How great the world. And when I think that God is so not sparing, send him to die. I'm scared and pickity that on the cross my burden glading bury. be bled and die to take away my sin. Then sing my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great the world. How great the world. Then sing my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great the world. How great the world. When Christ shall come, we shout of acclamation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Then I shall bow in humble adoration. And then proclaim my God, how great thou are. and sing my soul. My Savior God to thee. How great the world. How great the world. and sing my soul my savior to thee. How great the world. How great the world. How great the world. How great the world. Got it. Moving was A bit me by the meases. Son lead coming in I lose I lose coming in I lose I rise I lose I lose it I lose I lose coming in I lose it don't rise I lose can now a by control me. Gloria to lo and I said in me walk in the light is the light and you will become the light. Walk in the light. He is the light and you will become the light. Walk in a light. He is a light and you will become the light. Walk in a light. He is a light and you will become the light. Le is splend. for le to lose sh I say I promise I do an awesome oh My should my Walk in the light. He is the light and you will become the light. I lose. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Why don't we all stand? Amen. We've come to a close. We'll sing a song and invite our pastor at this time. Amen. Key of F. Amen. When he walks among us, all that he does, all of his mercy, all of his love. If the pain of the rider cried every day, even his words could never contain a might be blessed. Oh, and I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts on you and me. No way could I count him. There's not enough time. Oh, so I'll just thank him for Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Oh, when he sent his son for us to die on the cross, bearing our sins. Oh, and we didn't cross. He sent back his spirit to those who believe a fountain of my own for others to see. I have been blessed. Oh, and I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his time of you and me. No way could I count. There's not enough time. Oh, so I just thank him for Oh, God has been good. He's so good. Oh, and I have been glad. Oh, and the word of the hour is my daily bread. It's always unfolding. I'm continually found my light and salvation. Oh shall I fear? Oh the strength of my life. Oh my enemy strong. I have been blessed. Oh and I have been blessed. and so good to me. Precious are histo of you and me. Oh, could I count him? There's not enough time. So I just thank him for God as he could. So good. I have been blessed. &gt;&gt; How many can say God's been good? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you tonight. Those that hung here till the end. I know you all go home and enter into his rest. As I always say, I'm going to go seek the Lord by dream. And it's good. I got to meet a a brother, brother Neville. I just loved your smile and your spirit. I It's nice to meet you. God bless you so much. We have a few leftovers, I believe, from the dinner, I think, and none. All gone. Sorry. Come hungry next time. Uh, we love you. We appreciate you. And it's 1:00. We've entered into a new year. Uh but let's enter into his spirit. Amen. So, we're going to pray tonight. Love one another. Uh pray for Matthew who is in uh Arkansas preaching. Uh brother Sergio's away uh preaching. And we want to keep them in prayer for Safe Journey. And and our friends that are going back to Switzerland. God bless you. and may you have a safe journey. It's a wonderful time of fellowship together and we just trust that we'll be in that great unity of the word of God. So, God bless you and I what do we have one service this coming Sunday or do one service? So this next Sunday we have one service only Sunday morning and then we'll get back on our regular routine with Sunday school and everything. So pray for them that are journeying out through the holidays that God will bring us all safe and we just trust that God is your portion. Let's pray together this evening. Our gracious father, we've had a wonderful time. We've heard wonderful testimonies and wonderful exhortation in your word. And Father, may we purpose in our heart this year that we've started. We hang our new calendars and we write a new date on all our transactions. It's now 26. But father, may we this year take time out to listen to you and spend time with you. And may we develop, Father, a personal close relationship and walk with you. May we listen and take the advice of the angel messenger that came to our age to speak to us and reveal the truth and the light to show us the way. Father, may we recognize the importance of it, the reality of it, though many are drifting away. Father, may we be drawn closer. We just ask you to bless each heart that came out. Father, I pray that they have a prosperous and healthy year. May their boundaries, Father, and their borders be expanded. May their warehouses be full. Father, may they be in good health. We ask your blessings upon them. Father, we ask your spirit to go with each one and your angels to be camped about those, Father, that are yours. We dedicate this year to you now, Father, and we start out and we don't turn a new leaf, Father. We just seek your face ever more. So now we ask you to bless us. Thank you for this time in Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Go in peace. What should you be a good dismissal song? Let's sing. Take the name of Jesus with you. God bless you. Go in peace. Jesus with you. How sorrowful. victory. Precious.
