################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - [2025-06-08am] Expectation by Revelation  Bro Billy Mbuyi - Billy Mbuyi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   [2025-06-08am] Expectation by Revelation | Bro Billy Mbuyi
Speaker: Billy Mbuyi
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uw6BIcFxCcU
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'll be trouble. I'll come running after you. Go and draw me. Draw me Lord. Now come running at me. You belong. And you alone are all I need. For you hold mystery. [Music] You alone are all I need. When you are I am drawing and joy, draw me home. I'll come running after [Music] you. Oh, draw me, draw me [Music] home. Let's just sing that one more time. Draw me. Oh, draw me. Glory. I'll come running after you. Trolling on. I'll come running after you. There's nothing like his presence. when there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the prisons. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Sing that again. There's nothing like Oh, and there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the praises. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, I'm free. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. I am healed. in his praises. I forgive him. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. I am free. Oh, for I am free. All in his presence and I am he in his presence. I'm for I'm not the same. I'm [Music] chang. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and you are all things and you deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. Why don't you worship him now? Oh, you are worthy of worthy of it all. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, you are worthy of Hallelujah. Oh, for you are all to you are all things. You deserve glory. All the [Music] saints and all the saints and angels, all they bow before you. All the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God. Oh, sing it all together. Oh, you are worthy of Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, you deserve glory. Hallelujah. Oh, you are worthy of Oh, we worship you this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] to give you glory. Amen. As they just continue to play that, we'll ask brother to come and open our service in prayer. Just a wonderful opportunity to be gathered together into his presence. Aren't you thankful for that? another opportunity. My who knows what God will do. But I know one thing. If you ask, he'll do exceedingly abundantly above all that you could even think or ask. As our brother comes, we just um want to open our service in prayer. Also, just remember uh brother David uh our pastor who is away for a couple weeks just on a little rest and doing a little fishing. So we pray that God would be his portion and just uh restore him and my may he just have a wonderful time and I believe some of the brothers will be joining him. My brother David has uh believe already flown out to be with him and so let's just remember him. Amen. God bless you brother. It's good to have you. Just bow our heads. Great Jehovah God, one that created the heavens, the earth, Milky Way, and the stars. Lord, the one that can stand in the awe. Lord, how great thou art, Lord. And yes, presence, Lord, of just woo in the hearts to you, Lord. God, we took a time of opportunity to set aside that we could just come together in one mind, one faith. Lord, we just love you this day. Thank you for the safety throughout this week you have given us. Thank you that we have this opportunity Lord. Lord just help us to get ourselves out of the way today Lord that we may just enjoy and say Lord was it not good that we came into the house of the Lord. God grant us today bless those that are here and bless those that need your guidance in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Why don't you just greet somebody and welcome to the house of the Lord? I want to sing that year at Calvary. Believe we sing that in KFC, maybe. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Well, years I spent in vanity and pride. Oh, and caring not. My Lord was crucified. [Applause] And knowing not it was for me he died. Oh on Cal. Oh hallelujah. Will and mercy there was great. Oh father there was multiply glory. There my soul down at [Music] Cal. [Music] I tremble at the Lord. I do. [Music] Oh. Oh, thank you Lord. There was free. [Music] Oh, and now [Music] [Music] I s Oh, hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] and all the [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] sales he was It was free. Oh [Music] my words of [Music] my and all the grace of God. Hallelujah. and the life, the dark. Thank you, Lord. How to Oh, she was free. [Music] And now the mer and free [Music] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hasn't it been good to you? Well, Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. I'm singing, Lord. Lord, Lord, will you sur to me? Hallelujah. Lord, Lord, oh, you should me. [Music] Oh, let's sing that [Music] again. Good to [Music] me. You sure to me. You sure didn't. You healed my body. Hallelujah. Oh, you heal my body and I receive. Oh, praise the Lord. Will you heal my [Music] body? Oh, you healed my body. Oh, you had you saved my family with every loss. Oh, well, you save my family. [Music] Well, you save my family. Go ahead and sing it now. Oh, you save my family. Hey, I like that. Let's sing that again. Right. Now, now you save my family. Oh, yes. You save my family. Oh, victory. Will you save my family? Victory. Well, you have God. Can he give you the Holy Ghost? Oh, he [Music] fil. Hallelujah. Oh, you fil. Oh, you feel me. victory. Well, you have done what this world. I'm sing and now you serve. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, [Music] [Music] you Oh, why don't you go ahead and just as they continue to pray, why don't you give him a love offering? Go ahead and think about what he's done for you. Go ahead and pray. This is your moment. Go ahead and praise him. Lift up your hands. Praise the Lord, Lord. Thank you for saving me. Thank you for my healing. Thank you for saving my children. Thank you for bringing home prodicals. Thank you for the message. Well, I can't hear you. Well, go ahead and praise the Lord. Go ahead and praise him. That's what you're here for. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Let everyone that has breath pray, "Oh, praise the Lord. We love you, Lord. We give you glory. We give you honor. Hey, you can do better than that. We're talking about the lion has prevailed to take the book. We ain't worshiping a dead god. We're worshiping a risen living savior who has taken the book. Not only did he take the book, he's descended and he said, "Come eat." Oh, hallelujah. I don't know about you, but I'm I'm excited for the word. My We should just move right into the preaching, but we have a little bit of order to take care of. So, you can have your seats. we'll just uh take up the tithes and the offerings. And uh also we have a if you can just place something softly, that'd be nice. We do have a little um request here. If you just want to check the lost and found table uh in the fellowship hall just to see if anything belongs to you or your children or family. Um now just don't go in there and just take something you want lost. If you lost something, it might be there for you to retrieve. So just go in there. We do have a uh a prayer request. Uh Sister Zoe Loya wants a prayer for the grandson of Karen Moore. When uh he was born, he didn't breathe for 3 minutes. So there's nothing impossible for our God. So we'll just pray that the Lord would just undertake on this behalf. And we know God's a God of the impossible. We don't know if there's any side effects, but we do know we serve a a risen savior. I'll just ask brother Matt Thomasac to come and pray over the tithes and the offerings and uh just take this request. Do you have a maybe an unspoken prayer request just by an uplifted hand you want to make known to the Lord? He sees that he's a high priest who's touched by the feeling of your infirmity. Why don't we all just go ahead and stand with brother Matt as he goes before the Lord on these requests. Let's pray. Father God, we're just so grateful, Lord, that we could gather together in your name. For you've given us a promise that if two or three would gather together in your name, you'd be in the midst. And Lord, where you are is life. where you are as all of your attributes. Lord, we call upon you tonight, this morning. I mean, as the almighty, the allsufficient God. Lord, I pray that you would go to the young baby, Lord, even right now, and touch it, Lord, and make it completely whole. Lord, we have been told that we have not because we asked not. But Lord, we're all here standing, believing and asking that you would touch that baby, that there would be no damage, no side effects, no no sign of anything, Lord. It just be completely normal. Yes. Lord, we just are grateful, Lord, that we have such a great resource in you, Lord. Lord, the Bible says that [Music] Lord, you're a present help in a time of trouble. Yes, he is, Lord. And there's trouble in the land. There's trouble in the hearts. Lord, we commit it all into you, Lord. There are so many hands raised and heavy hearts, Lord God. But we can rejoice because you're in control. We commit the service into your hands. We commit the tithes and offerings, Lord, that all things would be done for your honor and your glory. Lord, we're so grateful that we could fulfill your word this morning. We're looking for the manifestation because we've done our part and we know that you're faithful to do yours. we love you and commit this into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. You may have your seats. We'll just sing this chorus as brother Thiago and the group comes. Let's just sing this chorus. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. With my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. Eat down. Eat down. Yeah. [Music] more confus. [Music] So my step [Music] be it [Music] Oh sh. [Music] Oh my be God. There was there more metor [Music] [Music] measure more [Music] [Applause] I could s [Music] myself there one more will [Music] be fraing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] flying fra. s [Music] my s one [Music] Oh [Music] go. Praise the Lord. Wonderful. Amen. One of these days we'll all hear in our own language. I'm looking forward to that day. Amen. What a what a beautiful song. We have a little order to take care of with brother David being out of town. We're going to go ahead and do a baby dedication. So, if they can go ahead and play that song, bring them in. We'll ask the Yes family to come. And we're just uh thankful for another gift of God that he has given unto us, unto the body. But if they'll just come as we sing this song, bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. in. Bring the little. All right, let's all hear you sing it now. Oh, and bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to [Music] Jesus. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones [Music] to Amen. Praise the Lord. We have Josiah Daniel. Yesi. Let me see the little guy. Praise the Lord. My isn't he wonderful? Praise the Lord. Amen. And I don't want to belabor the process too much, but I just wanted uh Sister Casey to give a a quick testimony of the name and what it meant to her. It was a a wonderful testimony. Um so when our daughter was born, she had some genetic things that the doctors told us um were very dangerous and that all of our children had a very high chance of getting as well. Um but we've been accepting her healing and she doesn't have any of the symptoms that they said. Um, so praise the Lord when we were praying about having a third child. Um, I felt the devil come back in and lie to us like he does. And I started feeling fear kick in. And so we I went up for prayer and asked for a complete healing of my womb that we would no longer have any more genetic things going on. And I was driving one day a few weeks later and um I felt the Lord come down and say, "Your son's name will be Josiah." And I asked my husband, I said, "Honey, can you look up what the name Josiah means?" And it means God is my healer and my supporter. And um so I looked at him. I said, "Honey, we're going to have a boy and his name's going to be Josiah." Praise the Lord. Why don't you give God glory? Amen. Amen. We'll uh pass them back on. Why don't we just say a little prayer? Also, we like to have the father say a little prayer and dedication over the baby. You know, it's scriptural to bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. Amen. Go ahead and pray. Lord Jesus, we come before you to dedicate Josiah, Lord, and just have your perfect will in his life. and whatever he does in his life, Lord, just ple please be in it and we dedicate him back to you. We have the Lord. Amen. Amen. Why don't we all just pray together as I lay hands on little Josiah? We commend him to the Lord. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful for this love gift you've given to the Yesy family. Lord, in the very name that you've given to them in whom Jehovah heals, Lord, I pray that not only would it be a physical healing, Lord, but a Lord, a just a tremendous outpouring of your Holy Spirit healing the broken heart and in binding the families together in Christian love and those that they come in contact. Lord, it would just be a great witness of the message of the hour. Lord, may this little one, Josiah, may he just be a great burning light, Father, that he would just draw men unto Jesus Christ, Lord, for you said, "Ye are the light of the world, Lord." So, as you've given this little love gift to the Eski family, Lord, we're giving him back to you, Lord, knowing that he was yours before it was theirs. So, Lord, we believe with all faith that his name was written on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, Lord, and our faith is going to rest in that word. We know that the enemy would try to send trials, but Lord, we know all things work together for good to those that love and are called according to your purpose. So, we just thank you, Father. We thank you for the tren tremendous testimony and the love divine. And we commit this little Josiah Daniel Yesesky to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you. Amen. Amen. As we just go ahead and change the order of the service, let's just go ahead and stand. I want to sing that song. Uh, Worthy is the Lamb. It's all because of Calvary. Are you looking forward to the word? Amen. I believe we sing that maybe a flat. Okay. Thank you for the cross, Lord. As brother Billy comes, thank you for the [Music] price. All my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for [Applause] this. Thank you [Music] for wash me in your cleansing blood. All I know your forgiveness and praise. Worthy is the [Applause] lamb. Oh seated on the cross. We crown you with many crowns. You glory. Oh, you are highly. Oh Jesus, son of God, the treasure of [Music] heaven. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for this love. Thank you for this. Thank you for the wash me. [Music] and [Applause] praise [Music] worthy of sed. [Music] Oh, and we crown you now. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus, son of [Music] God, the treasure of heaven. [Music] Oh, worthy is your name. Oh, [Music] worthy. Amen. Why don't we just bow our heads this morning? Father, truly you are worthy, Lord. And Father, your worthiness cannot even be comprehended, Father. Lord, if we would sum up everything that we are, where we came from, how we got here, Lord, and Father, if it if we'll go back and remember of every wrong that we've ever done, and everything, Lord, and Father, if we can even go back on that day on Revelation chapter 5, and Father, there was no man found worthy, Lord. And that we can look at every man upon the face of the earth and realize that, Father, that we all have done wrong and said wrong. Lord, we are so comforted this morning to know that there's one that's found worthy and that is you, Lord. Father, one that's worthy not only to take our sins away, not only to forgive us for the wrongs that we have done, but one that's worthy to make us what we really supposed to be, Lord. Father, your worthiness extend from the beginning till the end, Lord. And your worthiness comes from the fact that Lord, you have taken us from sins and from trespasses, bone and sin, sheep and iniquity. You've brought us into the kingdom of the lovely God and and you've called us to be sons and daughters to you when we knew, Lord, that we have done wrong. Yet your love was there to rescue us. We want to lift our hands this morning and say thank you, Lord. And we want to give you all the glory and honor, honor in everything that we are. Father, we want to let you know this morning that we love you with all our hearts, Lord. May you be lifted up in our lives. May you guide every footstep, Lord. And Father, everyone that's made an effort to be here in this building this morning. Father, may you just speak a word this morning that will touch their heart. And may something be said, Lord, that would add another revelation upon what they have and encourage them to go out of here and know that our God is a worthy God. This morning we commit everything that we are Lord remembering our pastor and father we ask that you strengthen him Lord and you guide him and you lead him Lord that you just give him rest that he may come back and re rejuvenate and and ready father to continue in the fight. We commit this service over to you. We've sank songs and now we ask that you come and take the bread of life and break it to us in the name of Jesus Christ. We ask these things. Amen. Man, God bless you. Have your seats before we read our scriptures. Amen. How many are glad to be in the house of God this morning? Amen. Amen. I am too. I ask that you um just pray for me. I I woke up uh I believe it was Saturday or Friday or something just puncturing my lungs and it was really painful and and my allergies kicking in and the allergies and everything and and I just told that devil you are a liar. Amen. Well, the word of God will be preached. Amen. and but we're glad to be in the house of God this morning uh uh with just something on our hearts that we'd like to say and and that there will be a blessing to you. Amen. I'm happy to have my brother-in-law is visiting with us from Congo. His name is brother Joel and I if you could just stand. Uh God bless you. It's good to have him with us [Applause] and amen. and he came all the way from Brazville to spend a couple of days with us and we thank the Lord for that. Amen. As it was mentioned, we want to uh just pray for our pastor. You know, how many love brother David? You know, I I just there's not enough good things that could be said about him. And I was just thinking on my heart and I just pray that, you know, the Lord will certainly um be with him in this time of rest. and and I know he's told us here that you know he's just been uh going through a lot both physically and mentally. We pray that this time of rest will certainly just rejuvenate him and and bring him uh you know he carries a lot of burden you know for the people and for us and and I believe in this time it's uh our responsibility to to carry him and you know to pray for him and to continue to support him and you know we pray for him we support him in every manner that we can you know and I'll say this as as just a a church body I was I don't know if I read this quote but I'll read it again and and especially on a Sunday morning I believe we have uh most of our our people here and this is I believe in the message God's uh provided way Barbana will speak and he says um and he's speaking to believers this is after a meeting that we would host and he will speak to the people and he says this go to church every day not once not twice every day Every time the church opens, it says go to church every day. Every day that you can, it said every day that they have service, go attend your church. Be loyal. It says just stand by your church. Stand by your pastor. Help him out with everything you got. Give him spiritual support. Fast and pray for him. Have faith in him. God will lead the church onto that great on that glorious day that we are looking for to come. Just think about that. And that's the secret. I believe I I think sometimes we we are not aware of the victory that lies in unity. Um I I I I've been a lot of places and I've I've seen a lot of churches. There is not a church like our church. That's right. I just want to say that you there is not a church like our church. We are very uniquely built and not by a man. We are built by God and and we need to recognize that we need to know that and and that will make our strength. I was uh looking in my Bible and I was reminded of I believe it's in uh Exodus 17 um and it would talk about even Israel in battle and the the if I could just paint the picture for a moment. The picture of the victory of Israel was Moses praying with his end up and on one side there was Aaron that was holding on the other side there was that was holding and down in the valley it was Joshua and Israel defeating the Amalachites. So everybody had a pl part to play. Everybody had a a a a place that they were fitted in, not by a man, by God. And and I want to say this, don't be a stranger in the house of God. This is your house. This is the house of your father. And God has placed you here for a reason. Find something that you can help with. Find something that you can support. You can support with your prayers, with your tithes and offerings, your time, everything. And say, "God, you have called me to this place. I want to know the reason why you have placed me here. I want to be part of that victory p uh uh picture where there's this one doing this and that one doing this and I all fitted and joined together. Let me say this. We are living in a very late hour. It's not time to play games. It's time that everybody is there to try to find the role and what God has called them to do. that when that last day comes, we are found doing what we were supposed to do, doing what we were called to do. And I really pray that you have that on your heart as part of a member of this body to know that I'm here for a reason and I'm here to play my role. There's a lot of help needed. There's a you pray and whatever God places on your heart for you to play, call your pastor and tell him, "Hey, pastor, I have this on my heart to do." He will find a place for you to help and do all of that. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand and just to read our scripture this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's turn in Luke chapter 2. We'll start from verse 25. It says, "And behold, Luke uh the 2 chapter and verse 25, it says, "And behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. And the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel, and the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ. And he came to he and he came by the Holy Spirit into the temple. And when the parents brought the children uh the child Jesus to uh to do for him after the custom of the law, then then took him took he him in his arm and blessed God and said, "Lord, now let thou thy servant thy servant depart in peace according to thy word for mine eyes have seen thy salvation." Father, we ask that you bless your word to us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray and ask this. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. I trust you're happy to be in the house of God. Amen. I just want to speak for a moment about uh my title is expectation by revelation. Expectation by revelation. Uh and this came uh as inspiration from what our pastor preached last time. He talked about faith in our promise. faith in our promise. And I was just thinking on those things that he preached. As believers, we know we have a promise. We are gathered this morning as a people of the promise. We are here because there was a promise that God will send a prophet messenger. And through that prophet messenger, the word will be preached. And that word that will be preached will gather forth from all four corners of the earth a people unto the Lord's name. It will be from the east to the west. It will be the word that will go forth by a prophet messenger. It says, "Behold, I will say unto you, Elijah the messenger. He will come for the restoration of the hearts of the children to the fathers." And he came and he preached the word. And I want to say this morning, we cannot do anything outside of the promise. Without the promise, we are nothing. The very definition of who you are is of who we are is because there was a promise that was given. And I want to say this, when you read the word of God every time or when God speaks, God's word is the word of promise. God's word is the word of promise to his his believing children. God has no vain words. God doesn't speak just to speak. Everything that he speaks, he comes to pass. What he speaks, the words of God is the source of life for the believer. The words of God is the source of victory for the believer. Whatever situation you find yourself, that's why the prophet can tell us we have to identify with the word. you that when we find ourselves in a situation that's hard for us that we do not understand as believing children what we need is the word of God that we can stand upon and if we can find a scripture or a word of God that describes somewhat our situation we are being told that if we stand upon that same word God is obligated to bring that word to come to pass so the promise uh our entry point into the kingdom of God. The promise is our entry point in the kingdom is the guarantee for us to have access to the power of God. When you have the word of God, you have the power of God. When you have the word of God, you have the promise of God. And no matter what you're going through, you take the word, you take the promise, the promise will lead you to victory. You take the word, you take the promise, it will provide what God said will it will provide. So we I could say this and it's not the power for us to take and try to conform ourselves to it. No, but the word of God has the power of transformation. The word of God has the ability to take one. It doesn't. In other words, even when the word speaks, it's not so much about the condition that you find yourself in. It's not so much about the condition that you are surrounded by. It's so much that I have received a word that can change the circumstances and bring me into the image of what God has spoken. So when we come this morning, I want to say but what I'm going to say in uh how can I overcome? He said it's not uh uh uh uh what you overcome, it's how. So the problem may be a different problem this morning. The problem may be something different that you didn't have before. It could be a new challenge to you. It could be a new set of issues or whatever. But the same way that you overcame the last time, you will overcome the same the same way today. Why? Because the word doesn't change. The word is the formula to every problem of mankind. Is the same formula to every problem of the mankind. It's the power of transformation that we come in contact with. Yet we are we are born in sin and shaped in iniquity and came into the world speaking life. But somewhere somehow we came in contact with the word of God. And when we heard the word of God and believed it, it changed us from unbelievers, from robbers, from liars, from wherever we were into the children of God. It it wasn't you that changed yourself. The word changed you. It wasn't you that that because you desired healing so much that you got healed. No, it was by the word of God that you got you find your healing. That's why the prophet can say men cannot heal. The doctors can do what they can. But true healing only comes by the word of God. So, so I can say this morning you what it doesn't matter where we come from, how we got to where we are. What we need is the word of God to take us from what we are from whatever condition we find ourselves and bring us into the destination of what God is trying to achieve. If if God said there was going to be an elected in the end time, there's not enough devil that can stop that word to come into manifestation. The the the word of God is the believer's resting place. Now remember our pastor talked about confidence in our promise. I want to just bring to you it just come from an angle where we need to have us as believers of this message. We have to have a life that will leave that is under the expectation of the message word that we have received. We have to consider ourselves a people under the expectation of a promise that we have received. That I have received a promise therefore I shall live. I have received a promise therefore I shall be saved. I have received a promise therefore I shall be transformed. Whatever situation you find yourself, you are guaranteed by the word of God because of the promise you have received that you shall see the results. It's not by your trying. It's not by your effort but but it's by the word of God. The word of God if God said the promise itself is made such that it will produce the children. Let me say this. When the word of God is preached, the word of God is only preached to the believers. The word of God is preached to the believers because the word of God will produce believers. When God send his word, he has a predestinated group of people that will receive that word and manifest that word. Because we know the prophet tells us there's three kinds of believers. The unbeliever will unbelief the word anyway. The make believer will make believe the word anyway. So even though it falls on the ears but it's really not destined to them, the word is only to the believers to those that have something inside of them that is calling for for the manifestation of what God has spoken. Amen. So God's promise we can say it's the promised word that was made before the foundation of the word. That's what our expectation lies upon. It's not upon what man has spoken but will come many times and say you know even though I could speak so much he said I will need to read the scripture because I know my words will fail but the words of God will never fail. He said he's trying to bring what is he trying to do? He's trying to bring the whole group of people, the whole world back to the scriptures, to the word of God, and give you an understanding that if it's if we don't have the word, it doesn't matter how excited we get. It doesn't matter how quiet we stay. It doesn't matter what we do, it's bound for failure. And the only way we overcome is by the word of God. Amen. The scripture will say in Romans 10:17, it says, "Faith cometh from hearing and hearing by the word of God." So if we're going to have true expectation, the expectation has to come from the promised word of God. Not not not our excitement, not our understanding, not not our intellect. You know, we read the message and we can connect things together. No, it has to come from the promised word of God. His word is the anchor for the faith of the believer. Only his word is the anchor for the faith of the believer. And then here we are. We just read the scripture about Simeon. The scripture says it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death until he sees the Lord's Christ. And the prophet will speak on on that and and he will speak on that and said it was by revelation. His expectation was based upon the revelation that he had received. His expectation was based upon something that was quickened inside of his heart by the word of God. And he knew, oh my, you go read it. The prophet will say, "Here's a man 80 years old." And he stood publicly. He was unashamed. He stood there and proclaimed that it was given to him a revelation that he would not die and see it until he sees Christ. And many came by and said, "Oh, you don't know." David came by the way. Many of the prophet came by the way. Who are you that you could claim that that promise will come before you? Now, that didn't stop him. He continued on. Let me say this. Revelation is not without a challenge. That's right. Revelation will not come outside of a challenge. And many times we get challenged just a little bit. All of the sudden we crumble into the knowledge and everything. Or maybe it's not so. Maybe I'm not really healed. Maybe I'm not really saved. Let me say this. If God has revealed it to you, there's not enough devil that can take it out. That's true. Because it's not man's revelation, it's God's revelation. Yes. So faith cometh from hearing and hearing by the word. And true expectation comes by revelation or by faith. And faith is based upon the word. And you need the word in order for you to come under true expectation. I'm not going to be long this morning. I I I just really want to lay this down so it could be something that can help us this morning. And I want to say this morning, if if brother Matthew promised me said, "Brother Billy, I'm going to buy you a car." Now, there's couple of things that I need in order for me to be under the expectation. First of all, I have to make sure that it's not my imagination thinking that. Okay. I have to make sure that I actually heard him say that. Amen. You with me? Because my imagination is not going to help me. I have to be under the for me to come under the expectation. I have to actually have heard him speak that and not speak in general. Speak to me. It It's not I'm going to buy someone a car. No, I'm going to buy Billy a car. Not just any Billy Billy Buy a car. It It has to have my name on it. It has to be my It has to be calling out directly. Let me say this. The word of God is not spoken in the open. is calling unto the hearts of the believers. It's a direct word that pierces the heart that touches you directly. It's not many will hear the noise but only few will hear the voice. And and and another thing I have to be sure is I have to trust that he has the ability to do that. You you understand? I have to look at him. I have to know the character of the one who spoke and know that I can trust him because he's told me one thing before and he's done it. And if he told me this and he's done it, therefore, if he tells me this, he will keep his word. God didn't ask you to expect in vain. His expectation is based upon his promise. He said he will save you. Here you are this morning. He said he will heal you. Here you are this morning. And that same God, he came and he said, "I'm going to take you even in the rapture." So your expectation is not based upon some vain word. It's based upon someone who can keep his promise. You have to take God's reputation and attach it to it. That's it. Don't Don't just say, "Oh, I I don't know if this apply to me." If God has spoken to you, you take it and run with it. May I just add this? By the way, when I'm here, let me just say this. People that have received the revelation, they have to look crazy anyway. Come on. That's right. Abraham, you're going to have a child. But says for 27 years, Abraham could not shut his mouth up. His neighbors got tired of listening to him. People at the store got tired of listening. This man is I mean, I know he was crazy, but for 27 years, he kept testifying of the same. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. He's going to do it for 27 years. Why? Let me say this. That's the picture of expectation by revelation. Amen. If you find yourself asking and after a couple of months or whatever you find yourself, no, ask God to renew your revelation. Ask him to strengthen your revelation. Don't crumble under the weight of the test. Every revelation has to be tested. That's it. And the scripture will say that every promise of God is yes and amen. For the promise for all God's promise when he makes it, it has to come to pass. God's word is unchanging. The scripture says that heaven and earth will pass away but my word shall not pass away. God's promise reveal his character. He says in his word that God keeps his covenant across all generations. Now I'm quoting the word and I know I can read the many many quotes. I'm like I said I'm just trying to be as quick as possible this morning so I don't take too long. That's the promise you are standing under. It's a God who never lies. But when I'm says that God cannot do one thing and that is to lie. Not only that, God cannot even change his mind. If he already spoken, once he already blessed, he cannot curse. In fact, the children of Israel, even when they done wrong, God will only lead them to the enemies so they can be reminded that they were under a promise and repent and come back to the promise. The objective was not a destruction. The objective was to bring them in such a place where they could be reminded of what the promise was and cry out to the same God so he can bring the promise back unto them. That's good. Heaven and earth shall pass away but my word shall never pass away. When we speak about expectation, the the word expectation talks about it says if you come under uh uh what what what if you come under the expectation there's a certain condition that you find yourself under. So when we speak about expectation, if one if you're looking says when that we we get what we expect. Did he say that? He said when you come to church, you get what you expect. When you come, he said if you come and you're looking for mistakes, you'll find it. If you come and and your objective is so we can find what's not going okay and who's wearing what and all of that, you'll see that, right? So your your your expectation creates your vision. Your expectation creates the field that you are supposed to see. But we also know that by the word of God that if you come expecting God to speak to you, God will speak to you. You understand? So there's the negative expectation and the positive expectation. So if one come and sincerely they have a difficulties, they have challenges, they have trials, and they have things that they're fighting, God is obligated by the word of God to speak to them. Why? Because the expectation is so that God can come and fulfill his word. The expectation is an opening for God to come and make his word come to pass. So I can say this morning that we as believers of the message, we are glad that to really know that if there's anything that we need, if there's anything that we can find. But says if we come, if you seek, you shall find. If you knock, it shall be open. If you ask, it shall be given. Oh my, there's so many principles. I I wouldn't even have time to finish it. He he talks about he said if one man has come to God under a certain circumstance and God healed him or God saved them. It says that sets a precedent that if any other man will come under the same with the same criteria under the same circumstances that God is obligated to do the same. Yes. God is no respector of persons. He's respector of his word. Now, that should make you happy this morning. So, it's not that, oh, God can only do it for brother Matthew or for brother David or for brother Benoir or for such and such. No, God can do it for anybody. God will do it. Whether a person be a believer or an unbeliever, if they fulfill the same requirement, God is obligated to do it. God looked at Cain and he said, "If you do like your brother, you shall receive it also." So God wasn't looking at Cain as a person. He was looking at the promises that he had made and he made it clear that if you follow the promise, you shall receive the blessing. Amen. Yes sir. So this morning the the issue is not the promise or the word of God. The issue is am I coming with the same expectation that the God who did it for such and such that the God who did it for he will do the same for me. Amen. Amen. Amen. But what I will say in the message expectation, it says, I've often I've often quoted this that God is obligated to his word. Amen. I like to just read a word or two of it because what I say will fail because I'm a man. But his word cannot fail because it's God. God is ever called one on the scene at any time to make a decision. The first decision God makes has to be the same decision every time and it says you must believe it. It's God's word and that's the only hope we have. I want you to listen to those words and that's really what brought me to this. He says, "You must believe it. It's God's word." And that's the only hope we have. That's the only hope that we have. The only substantial hope that we have is on the word of God. Amen. Now, think about this. This is very key because we can come someone can come here and and expand upon men's knowledge. It's not of any help. He he's wanting to center you. So you as you're sitting this morning know where does my hope come from? We it it's not coming by the intellect or the eloquency. It's coming from the fact that I know that I am listening to the word of God. I am being fed the word of God. I'm being positioned upon the word of God. I'm being preached the word of God. And outside of that, the preacher and I, we have no hope. We can talk about how good it is and how scientifically it can work and everything, but if it's outside of the word of God, if no help at all, right? Amen. He says, "And now God being infinite and he cannot make a mistake, he's perfect. Therefore, all his promise must be perfect as he is perfect. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and was made flesh and dwelt among us. The word itself. Amen. Not a version of the word. The word itself was made flesh. So therefore, the Bible is the word of God. It's God himself placed upon the paper. So when we come this morning, when we listen to this, it's God himself placed upon the paper. And let me help you this morning. God doesn't want to remain on paper this morning. He want what's on this paper to live in you. He wants what's on this paper to become a reality for you. What a blessing this morning. What an entrance. We let let me say this. The world is hungry and dying, right? Yes, sir. Don't forget that people are dying, right? Because they lack the access and the revelation to what we are listening to this morning. Yes. The prophet and and and and being a prophet, he has view. Oh my. I was just listening. Let me just take a sidetrack for a moment. Butam talks about the Hezekiah said he was in the condition that he was and God sends a prophet to say you're going to die. And but makes a a a very very important uh comparison and where it says now you have the greatest power in heaven and the greatest power on earth. But the greatest power in heaven before it can talk to the greatest power on earth has to use the prophet. Well, you could have said, "Well, why don't those two power just meet? They're the greatest." No, it was God's order that for the greatest power in heaven to contact the greatest power on earth, it had to be through a prophet. So, he sends a prophet and God tell him he's going to die. He goes and he tells him. Now, the greatest power on earth wants to communicate back. And guess what? The greatest power on earth goes to prayer and he prays and he asks and he prays and he prays. He prays. The greatest power comes back. Hallelujah. The greatest power in heaven. Now he says how foolish of that prophet. How foolish of this prophet. Not just long ago he came and he told him you're going to die. He has to come back again. Maybe the the people that were on the court and everywhere was still there. It was the same. They just saw him come in and deliver a message and go out. Moments later, they see the same prophet come back. He comes back and says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, you're going to live." Oh my brother, my sister, we have such an access. God has sent a prophet messenger. He came to you in this generation. He said, "You're going to live by the word of God." Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. What are we doing with it? Right? The world is dying. What is our expectation this morning? It says for no man is better than his word. If he can't if you can't take men's by his word, I just think t take anything any dealing with him. He must be honest. He must be truthful. Especially as he professes to be a Christian, we don't expect based our feelings. We expect based on the word of God. David said in Psalm 62 and5, "My soul waiteth only upon God for he for God for my expectation is from him. Amen. If you go read the background of that psalm, it suggested two things. They said one must have been when his own son Abselum betrayed him and he was trying to take power from him or the other it must have been when the king was hunting for him and trying to get him killed. And he looked on one side he had all the deception of men. On the other side, he had all the deception of the world and and everything around him. He looked around him and he realized, "I can't trust man. I can't do anything. There's nothing to protect me. I have nothing." He looks in himself and said, "My only expectation." Perhaps you feel that way this morning. Perhaps you feel like I I've tried this. I've done this and I don't know what to do. My brother, my sister, take your expectation off of man. Place it under the word of God this morning. Take your expectation. But the scripture says that put no trust in princes because they will fail you. Let your trust be upon the living God. God will use man. God will provide a way. But you put your trust in God and God will make a way for you. The scripture will talk about it. Expectation and faith is founded. When we have expectation is because we take it and it's founded upon revelation or the word of God. What did brother Brennham tell us about the new birth? It's the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. If you if Jesus Christ has revealed himself personally to you, you will have an expectation. I'm not talking about knowledge and and everything. And and I let me say this. I think when we say the word knowledge, people take it as bad. No, we have to have knowledge. We have to read to know what the word says. But what we want is that which we have learned and understood to become a revelation. We want God to take that and move it from the head into the heart where it becomes a heartbeat, something that we can live by. Not something that can go away when we find ourselves in a difficult situation, but something that will speak back to you. So when we come to church, my question to you is what is our approach? What is our expectation? What's your expectation this morning when you came to church? What's my expectation when I came into the house of God? Was my expectation that I will come and go back exactly the same way I came? Was my expectation that God, father, I have a need. I want your word to speak to my need so I can go out with an answer. Now think about it. If the measure that we receive is based on our expectation, then how big should our expectation be? Just think about it yourself. How big should your expectation be be this morning? We say nothing is impossible to God, but the the word turns around and looks at you. It's a two-way street. It says that nothing is impossible to them that believe those that come with an expectation. So when we come we we we of all people are supposed to have such an expectation. The scripture says that he has not entered into the minds of men the things that God has prepared for them. This morning we can come expecting big, asking big, walking big, believing big, talking big. Let me say this. If you can't do it, God can do it. If it's impossible to you, it's impossible to God. And the only way it will become possible to you is for you to take that impossible and believe it with God and then make it possible. It's not for you to sit there and say, "Well, it's impossible, then I don't know how I'm going to get it." No, it's for you to exchange your impossibility with the possibility from God. We we sit here, we believe that we have received a prophet messenger. We believe that we've been elected. We believe we are the people going into the rapture. I want to say this, predestination has to come into manifestation somewhere. What was promised had to meet the believer somewhere. It's not going to remain up there somewhere somehow. Let me say this. Predestination street must meet manifestation street somewhere. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. God, you said again there's so many Bible scriptures that I can just quote an example. But one of them speaks about the woman with the blood issue. He said she had no example. She had no scripture that if she touched Jesus garment that she was receive healing. Are you with me this morning? Amen. But something within her heart declare that if I can only touch the hem of his garment, if the lips I can do is touch the hem of his garment, it will come to pass for me. And she did it by expectation. She received what she was asking for. But what says this, it says that was not God operating his gift. This was the woman operating God's gift. And here we are sitting this morning, my brother, my sister, we have such access to an abundance this morning. Let let's not die of hunger when the table is full of food this morning. So when we come to church and what is our expectation? What is our need this morning? What is our expectation for? What we have need of when we come and what when we come when we approach the scripture says that come you approach him with boldness in the day of judgment. We come and we believe that he's our father and we are his sons. We come and when we come and we need a revelation that I'm doing what I'm doing is God's role. I'm playing my role of believing. I'm playing. Remember, each one has a role to play. Our role as believers is to proclaim, is to testify, is to proclaim the promise, is to believe the promise. God's role as the giver is to look at us and look at our faith and give it to us. He wants us to testify of it before we even seen it. That's true. He wants us to declare him before he even happens. He wants us to come with such an expectation that when we ask, we can go out of here rejoicing and know that I have received from God what I'm asking for. So we don't approach we we we don't let me say this. This is very important to me. We don't want to approach God and be guessing if it's really gonna happen or not. That time is gone. I I ask of you, do not do that. Don't come here guessing whether you're going to get it or not get it. Ask God. Pray. Stand upon the word and he will give you an expect an expectation. We we don't want to come and pray uh uh we want to come with confidence and boldness. We need to know and have an assurance that the promise has been given to us. We need to have to know that we have access. The seals have been open and we are reading from the open book. Amen. Th this time that we are living in is very much different from the time gone by. But says one place and I believe it's in Satan's Eden. And forgive me if I quote it wrong. He said, "I want to speak to you about the word of God, the message of the hour." It said something that will help you to fight the battles that you are fighting today. something that will help you avoid taking too many punches. You understand what we are facing this morning? I It's not a guessing game. I It's not something that a man has constructed. The word of God for the hour is to overcome the challenges that you are facing today. something that will help you. The God has overcome the devil and he sent forth his prophet messenger to give you the techniques that you need for you to win the battles. Yeah. Right, brother. Amen. It says we need to know and be assured that God promises for us this morning and that he's given us access. We need to come expecting big, believing big. We are here because we were predestinated before the foundation of the world. Amen. The scripture says in Romans 8:9 that is it says they which are the children of the flesh these are not the children of the of the of God but the children of the promise are counted as seed. Children of the promise you are counted as seed. For this is the word of God of promise. At this time I will come and Sarah shall have a son. There was an appointed time. It was not for every it was for a certain appointed time that the word will come. When it comes at that time that's when the word promised word will produce children. Right? It took God himself to come down and visit Abraham for Abraham to have a children. It took God himself to come and visit this generation for God to have children in this generation. And not only this, but by when Rebecca also conceived by one, even by our father Isaac. For the children not yet been born, neither having done good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. I want to say this morning, we are the seed of God by election. Amen. We are here by election. We are here. You can you should look yourself this morning and you say, "My name is elected. My name is chosen. My name is predestinated. My name is I'm supposed to be the bride in the end time." That's your promise that you are standing in. Why? Because when the word is spoken, it nothing can stop it from coming to pass. Now, when we speak about expectation, I know I I probably won't be able to finish, but that's okay. Expectation by definition is a strong belief that something will happen or to be the case in the future. When you speak about expectation, it's an act or a state of looking forward or anticipating. A state of looking forward with anticipation. When you expect something, there has to be an anticipation. If I was this morning was to travel to Hawaii and and I'm getting ready to go and I'm expected to be there. I said, "Okay, next Monday I'm going to be in Hawaii." The the the the the very fact that I said that I'm expecting I want to go to Hawaii, that itself puts me under the expectation. And because I'm expected to go, one of the things I need to do is make sure that I pack my bags, I get my clothes washed, and I get everything. I need to know what the weather is going to be, where I'm going. I need It causes me because I'm under expectation to prepare for where I'm going. Expectation puts you under preparation. True. When you are expecting something, you prepare for it. Case in point, Abraham went and bought what he needed for the baby. Abraham testified about the baby. Abraham kept asking Sarah every time, "How is it going?" and everything. And let me point this out. Abraham expectation grew stronger as he was getting near the promise. Now, are we getting stronger as the promise is getting nigh? Are we preparing for the rapture that's around the corner? Yes, sir. Are we doing all that's necaining ground or are we losing ground? Are we under greater expectation than we were when we started or are we those that the scripture saying that they looked and said that since the promise was made our father went into the grave we have not seen it and the days are going because that is a scripture that will happen. You understand? So they they there's two groups here that that that is supposed to happen at the end time. But one says that there's one group who the word uh will talk and he said in the end time people will be high-minded and and ungrateful and and lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. In fact he he quoted the scripture in Revelation uh 3:19. He talks about the Laudysian church age lukewarm and all of that. He says that that condition will exist in the church. And the prophet said that the Laudian church h is the type of Pentecost. You with me? Now my question to you, are you under these two groups or are you in another group that's called a bride? Because the way that you know which group you are in is based on your expectation this morning. That's right. Are we preparing for what's to come? Are we? Yeah, we are. My brother, I tell you this morning, my heart was just uh uh uh uh in flame. I I'm thinking about we we sit here this morning seeing every prophecy that's been made come to pass. Not one time, multiple times. Uh-huh. The woman with the purple dress and the this king and and I'm sorry, the pope and and this and coveret and all of that. We we ourselves have lived long enough to see all of those things happen. You with me this morning? But has that put you under more expectation or has that put you under less expectations? Are you more prepared now than you were back then? Is your heart hungering and crying out for more or is it crying out for less? Are you more into the things of God or are you finding yourself redressing? Let let me just read for the sake of time. I won't be able to go into all of this. So expectation calls for preparation. You with me? Expectation calls for preparation. Expectation is patient and unshakable. Abraham. Expectation is a condition that prepares you for a miracle that's about to happen. The blind babe. Now, I'm just summarizing as I'm going because I don't want to take too long. Expectation leads to action. Expectation provokes an action. Noah was there under the expectation that he was going to rain and he built an ark. I heard a man say, "If you're preparing for a rain, you will carry an umbrella." Right? If you were in your house and you knew that if you went out, it rain was going to catch you, you would pick up an umbrella and take it with you. Why? Because you believe what the weatherman said, right? But we have been told that we are living in the time Come on, my brother. My sister, don't don't fail to see this. This is the greatest of all the time. I'm not trying to scare you. I'm trying to make you be bold. Amen. Yes, sir. This is the time where the sons of God are supposed to be manifested. This is the time where we're supposed to stand there and proclaim the word of God. This is the time where we supposed to be ready for the rapture. This is the time where we are the dead in Christ shall rise. This is the time. And as the word is getting rest, we're supposed to be ready. My question is we need to do a checkup within ourselves. And you need to measure your own spirituality and ask yourself, am I going one way or am I going the other way? Amen. We heard our pastor said often times here said, "Why don't we come back to church?" He said, "If God knew that you wanted to be in church, and I asked this sincerely, you think God will not give you an opportunity to be in church Sunday night and Wednesday if you really went to him and cry out, I'm an example. I'm standing here. It's not because Billy is strong. Billy, no. ability is probably the worst that there is. Set your affection on the things above. Put God first, my brother, my sister. I'm speaking for my whole soul and my whole heart this morning. I I I'm trying to help you. I'm trying to help me. I want us to work together and go forward. Yes. What? Whatever is stopping you, whatever you're dealing with, let's come together and praise for God to help you. God, I I want to do this for you, but I can't. Oh, God. Our brother needs to be in your service. Our brother, he's got his heart desire. But says, but talks about how in the end time he says the most important thing is serving God. Amen. That's right. I don't want to be the fulfillment of that man who build a bond and then went to build another one and then another one and then an angel came to him and say full and slow of heart. What if I require your soul tonight? We're not here to build kingdoms. We're not here to build personalities. We're not here to build ourselves. We're here for one purpose and fun purpose only. That we may get into the kingdom. That we may get into the ark that God has provided, the message of the hour, and be taken out of this world. Let me say this. However much money you save, you're going to leave it. Whether it be by the way of the grave or by the way of the rapture. I'm being honest. However many clothes you need to buy and shoes and all of that and houses, those things will stay. Let's put the kingdom of God first. Let's work together first. Let's come together as a united body. Let's work together. Put our shoulder to the will. Let's come and be energized. Let the Holy Spirit fell upon us. Let God energize us by his word. Let us see the promises of the end time come to pass. Let us be on fire for God. Let us be motivated for God. Let us be have the zeal of God in our heart. Let our heart burn for one another. Let us do good to one another. Let us love one another. Let us work for one another. Let us lay our life for one another. Those are the things that count. God bless you. Let's all stand this morning. Expectation. Expectation influences your attitude. Hallelujah. I don't got time to be sad. Things go wrong. Well, things go wrong. True. You know the devil wants you to wallow and sit there and you know create and you know misery finds misery. You know that right? So call all the misery around and wallow and and create the greater misery. Not interested in that. It's happened good. I move forward. I want to be a John Ryan. Expectation creates influences your attitude. He got told like our brother Ben said, "You, I taught you were healed." He said, "Well, what is a healed person do?" They rejoice. Praise God. What does a healed person do? They walk around testifying. He went around testifying. What does a He went in the Bible and find himself everything that a healed person does and he did it. Why? Because the expectation influenced his attitude. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. What is our attitude? We're going to heaven. Yeah. We're going in the right job. Let's go. Who's going to buy that? And then the same person, we see him somewhere in some party, they the life of the party. You know what I mean? It's like something's not checking out. Let me say if there's a place that I'm going to dance, it's in the house of God. If there's a place you're going to find Billy dancing, it's in the house of God. If there's a place you're going to find Billy rejoicing, it's in the Father God. If there's a place that I'm going to be at my fullest of joy, it's in his presence. There's nothing like his presence. Amen. Expectation sets the atmosphere for God to move in. Very good. You with me? Amen. Expectation is just sets everything right for God to move in. One who's under the expectation. And like the woman in Memphis, like I said, I could just go on. She was under the expectation. She prayed and it revealed to her that she was the Schumanite woman. and she saw herself matching the Shumanite woman. And therefore, she knew that if I'm the Schumanite woman, there must be an Elijah somewhere. Are you with me this morning? I I'm not trying to just get you to be I'm really speaking from my heart this morning. We We are being robbed of so many things. the the the church of God, the place where God dwells, where the power of God dwells, the church, the scripture speaks about the bride in the end time, the bride will do the greater works. But how are we going to do the greater works if we don't even understand right where we are standing and the expected things about us. Right. So this woman came and they stand across the fence and the atmosphere began to change. She just sat there and laying against the fence. She didn't care if it she was going to be there for days. All she knew is God spoke to her. She was willing to die for the word of God. God saw the expectation in the woman. He was obligated to send Elijah. And yes, Elijah on the plane and God said, "We need to make a detour here. We need to create a stone here. We need to do this here so we can take this plan and put it here." But my sister, God did it for one woman. You think if we come together this morning as a body and ask, God is not going to hear us. If we come this morning, let me say this. We are born with one spirit. We are saved by one blood. God wants us to work as a unit. If we can come this morning as a unit and work together, the things that we'll do, no man can match it. Amen. But what if we come and no expectation, you know, I just go and you know, I just go to church and I come and no other expect I don't want to be involved, right? I like to have a distance between God, me, and the things of God. You know what I mean? When I need it, I come closer. When I don't need it, I just There it is. You'll be unstable. I said this before. The people that think this message is not real, they didn't stay long long enough around it. You stay long enough around it. Let me say this. The challenges is only to run the unbeliever and the make believer away. The the believer in by nature welcomes the challenges. Why? Because the challenge bring the best out of him. The challenges causes him to rely more on his father. The challenge is just there for him to cry out so that the promise will come to pass. Amen. Expectation prepares you to receive. David said that I open my mouth. Open thy my mouth. Open thou mouth wide. Open thy mouth wide and I will fill it. Think not what you shall say. You just ask. It says the very spirit will come and intercede for you for the things which you have need of. All we need this morning is just by the word that we have received. Come under the expectation. And I believe with all my heart God will take care of all our needs. I believe with all my heart God will move in this place like never before. I believe we'll come in sync and we will be thy greatest army. Well, we'll be that invincible army that God promised. We'll be that body that's going into the rapture. We'll be those people, that perfect son. We'll be the manifestation of the bride in the end time. We will be all of those things, but come under the expectation of the promise. Is that your heart desire this morning? Is that your heart? You really want that this morning? Yes. If you really want that, why don't you just open your mouth and pray out to him this morning? Our gracious father, we have nothing to offer but ourselves. Lord God, we ask of you, Lord. You said come humbly asking and I shall give you. Lord, we come and ask this morning. Lead us, oh God. Father, we are your children. No doubt we've commit errors. We've made mistakes. We've done things that are not pleasing to you. Father, the scripture says that confess your sin and it shall go before you. We want to confess all our wrong, everything, and ask that you forgive us of all of that. But Father, bring us into the unity under your word, the unity under your spirit under one accord, one faith, one people working for the same goal, working for the same objective, supporting one another. Father, going forward, knowing that, Father, that the field is great and the workers are few. Knowing that we have been called for a mission to do a work, Father, that's our heart's desire this morning. Lord, may you just drop this morning into the hearts of those that have lifted up their hands, those that are listening. Father, if there be any need represented, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we come with expectation based upon what you have said, based upon your word, and know that according to your word, you will come and hear us this morning. Come and heal our sicknesses and make us well. And Father, those that are financially uh uh in trouble, Lord, help them that may come into the house, of God. Father, that your house may be filled with believers, those that have testimonies of the things that you have done for them. Lord, your testimonies are everlasting to everlasting. I believe even in heaven, Lord, we'll still be talking about the wonderful things that you have done. I pray this morning that you hear our prayers. Here we are crying out to you with the desires of our heart. One desire, Lord, bring us into your word. Lead us and guide us. Fill us with your spirit that we may be pleasing to you. We love you and we ask all of those things in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing now. Oh, I stand in [Music] awe. The wisdom of creation. Oh, for whom the riching of the sea is subside. Oh, and the le [Music] [Applause] [Music] If you need prayer this morning, just come in and pray for oh and I love [Music] and oh is [Music] it [Music] forever his tender mercies come with [Music] Christ the sinner in [Music] his offer healing and forgiveness and those who trust him find their hearts at My home is here from this time on. [Music] All my [Music] hope is in [Music] Lord. I stand it all. I stand in all the presence of God. And the wisdom of [Music] creation of the [Music] seaside hope for living sacrifice. Oh, the only source of life [Music] I wish My home and never. Oh my is in forever. His tender verses his tender mercies come [Music] within the [Music] sess who offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their hearts I wish [Music] I t [Music] My hope is in Lord forever. Healing is here. Healing is here. [Music] Healing is here. I receive it. Oh, he is here. [Music] Oh, he is here. I receive. Hallelujah. [Music] I receive you. I reach my hand toward you that heaven with my eyes when I help. I look to you, my rock, my [Music] trusty. Freedom is free. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Freedom is here. Free of freedom of freedom [Music] of I reach my hands. I reach my hands to the heavens. My eyes where my help comes from my rock, my [Music] he sickness can't stay. [Music] Sing your [Music] perfect. You are the [Music] power. It is your will and my life. Sickness can't stay. Oh, s can't stand any [Music] longer. Your perfect love is casting. You are the light of all power. [Music] you see. [Music] I reach my hands to the heaven. My eyes and my help comes upon me. Hallelujah. I trust him. [Music] expect and all of my ambitions, hopes and plans. I surrender thee into your [Music] hand and all of [Music] my ambitions, hopes and [Music] Let's just sing this again. All of mine and all of mine. If we could have maybe a sister come pray with this sister here. [Music] and all of all of my ambitions, hopes and plans. I surrender to your for it's only in your will and for it's only your will that I [Music] free it's Oh, your will I am free. Oh Jesus. Oh for Jesus. [Music] ever for it holy for will I free for is holy for we are free Jesus. Oh Lord Jesus. As people continue to cry out to the Lord, let's just be in prayer and believe with him. Amen. Let's just sing this song. Will mercy rebroad my [Music] life. Mercy ruled my life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down mercy rule my life. [Music] Oh, mercy on my [Music] heart. Your [Music] mercy [Music] my should have fallen my soul. Oh, cast down. Oh, mercy re my life. Oh, it was [Music] mercy my Thank you Lord. Oh [Music] mercy my heart. Oh, and I should my soul has [Music] come [Music] my spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Bring me consume my life. Spirit of God move an empty vessel I long to be so that you can come Lord and feel me. I lift my hands. I lift my hands into laying all on the altar. I don't want to pretend, but we sit by your hand. I'll take your word and I'll hide it in my heart till every violent in my name has that desperate cry. Spirit of God righteous in my heart. will follow thee. Oh, concern my life, the spirit of God, an empty vessel I want to be so that you can come for me. I recognize your voice and I've understood the call. Lord, help me not to fail, but to stand and overcome. Lord, I just want to please you. That's all I want to do. So from my soul out, I cry out to you. Spirit of God that you in my heart feel my being consume my heart spirit [Music] my you can [Music] and why it's just been so wonderful to be in his presence. We don't want to change the atmosphere, but we'll say a prayer dismissal for those that can stay can stay and those that need to go. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful, Lord, that we could come and hear the word of God this morning. Lord, in that we can renew our expectations in the hour that we're now living, knowing that we've received such a great word of promise, Lord, that we can be an expectation, Lord. And as our brother ministered, not just some natural expectation that's created by some intellectual buildup, Lord, but a revelation. Father, we cry out for more revelation, Lord. We we want revelation to be our reality. So many times we allow the senses and this flesh to become what governs our thoughts and our ambitions, oh God. But but Lord, may we be like Abraham and call those things that are not as though they are, Lord. And that we know by this word that we've received, we are going in a body change. We are going in a rapture, Lord. And soon and very soon we'll be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, Lord. We may we get off get our eyes off the things on the earth and get set our affections on things above. Lord, we just so thank you for the word this morning. Lord, may you just restore brother Billy. Father, may you touch him in his body, Lord. May you just bring a supernatural healing to him and a strength. Father, Lord, we appreciate him so much. All his labor and love and sacrifice for the bride and the body of God, Lord. We just commit them to you, Lord. All those that came for prayer. Lord, we rejoice in what you're doing and and how you've moved upon each heart, Lord. And as we go from here, Father, oh, may we be dismissed from this building, but not from your presence, Lord. We just need you more than we've ever needed you before, Lord. We love you. We just ask these blessings, Lord, and ask that you go with us now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. There are two roads you can take. One by side, one by faith. Take the word of God. [Music] Oh, and there are two roads. You are dismissed. Oh, on my side, one by the word of God. What you [Music] see is [Music] walking. Set your wings to the wings of me. You can fly in our way. Oh, do not struggle. It's my [Music] praise. Set your wings through the wind of Oh, I watch your [Music] watch. Watch your watch. Oh, the word of God. And my and [Applause] my will for you will. Oh, send your wings to the wind of a high. Oh, through my struggle. It's my grace. Search your wings through the wind of [Music] watch. We will smile. We [Music] watch [Music] this where it's already in the sky. Oh, your wings are [Music] praise in a I overshot. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you all right? [Music]
