################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - May 7, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart - The Revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   May 7, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart - The Revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour
Speaker: David Dienhart
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xM22FsplgDs
========================================

Description:
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
more than a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Oh halleluah. He redeemed me. I been born again to win. I thank God he justified me. Of his fullness. Have we all received of him? I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, took away my heavy burden, and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it, but I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know one more time. Oh, I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, he took away my heavy burden and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it. But I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know one last time. Oh, I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, he took away my heavy burden and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it, but I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sadly, I don't know the verses very well. So maybe somebody can teach me. Uh let's go to number 734. Christ the transforming light. [Music] touches this heart of mine. Piercing the darkest night, making his glory shine. Oh, to reflect his grace, causing the world to [Music] see. Love that will glow till others shall know. Jesus revealed in me. Here Lord I bring my heart, my love, my strength, my will. Cleanse me in every part with all thy spirit fil. Oh, to reflect his grace, causing the world to [Music] see. Love that will glow till others shall know. Jesus revealed in me. Life is no longer mine. I yield it all to thee. [Music] Fill me that I may shine until thy face I see. Oh, to reflect his grace, causing the world to see. Love that will glow till others shall know. Jesus revealed in me. Triumpant peace is mine. Now Jesus reigns within. He giveth joy [Music] divine and victory over sin. Oh, to reflect his grace, causing the world to [Music] see. Love that will glow till others shall know. Jesus revealed in me. Amen. Let's sing that song as we go to prayer. He carth for [Music] you. Oh, he carth for you. He car for you through sunshine or shadow. He carth for you. Oh, he carth for me. Yes, he carth for [Music] me through sunshine or shadow. [Music] He carth for me. He carth for you. He carth for you. He carth for you through sunshine or shadow. He carth for you. Amen. going to go to prayer. I'll ask if brother Ivan lead us in a word of prayer. Um prayer request says remember sister Miriam and family as they have lost a home um or a young relative this week. I'm [Music] sorry. Says Alice Becky. Is that okay? All right. We'll pray for them. Let's also continue praying for the Grahams Lindsfort family uh with their recent loss as well. And let's reme remember sister Aona with uh for a healthy delivery just for strength. And also remember brother Pashan, sister Carrie there helping and uh brother Sergey Vasili on the road and uh also sister April traveling and uh let's just also remember the saints in Ukraine as war keeps going on and we're just gone in the middle. So we'll just remember them for heaven. God bless you saints. Let's just take these knees to the Lord in prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come before you tonight, Lord. Maybe weary in body, Lord, but Father, we just believe, Lord, we will be strengthened, Lord, by your word, Father, and just rejuvenated, Father. And just Father, we just thank you, Lord, for everything, Father. And all these needs that were read here, Lord. You know each one, Father. And Father, we just ask you, Lord, just go over to Brother Pashan and Sister Aancha there, Lord. And Sister Carrie helping and all that, Lord. And Father, you just be their portion, Father, and bless them, Lord. and Father and the different ones that aren't here tonight, the ones that are traveling, Lord, you just be there with them, Lord. And give them traveling mercies and sister April and um different ones, Lord. And just thinking of our sister Sarah's family, Lord, as they father, this uh sadness or it just it's never easy, Lord. And Father, but you're a comforter, Lord. And we just give them into your hands, Father. And Father, you're always on time and you're a perfect God, Father. And and the different ones, Lord. Uh just thinking of the ones in Ukraine and the ones affected by the war and just the different situations. Lord, you know each one. Father, you just be there for each one. And you are there, Father. and just give them faith, Lord, and to move forward, Lord. And just believe, Father, and give them strength to endure the things that come, Father. And Father, and if I missed anyone, Lord, you know them, each one, Father, we just desire to give the service into your hands, Lord. And we just ask, Lord, that you just use Brother David, Lord, and just speak to us, Lord. Open our hearts that we could receive. and Father and we just give this service into your hands and ask all these things in your precious name Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] Thank [Music] you. Let's go to number [Music] 843. One more. [Music] It's hard to take the first step when I don't know the way. Each turn is so uncertain. I learn to walk by faith. But you gave me a promise that you would never leave. You will lead and guide me. Lord, I do believe. Lead me, Lord. I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord, I will go. Your plans for me are perfect. I never need to fear. here. Although at times I feel alone, I know that you are near. My heart just longs to follow. I'm willing to oy. Take my hand and lead me. I'll follow all the way. Lead me, Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord. I will go. Oh, lead me, Lord. I will follow. Lead me Lord. I will go. You have called me. I will answer. [Music] Lead me Lord, I will go. Amen. Let's stand together as we invite brother David turn to number [Music] 433 D. Oh soul, are you weery and troubled? No light in the darkness you see. [Music] There's light for a look at the Savior and life more abundant and free. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. through death into life [Music] everlasting. He passed and we follow him there. over us and no more hath [Music] dominion. For more than conquerors we are. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the thing of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. His word shall not fail you. He promised. Believe him and all will be [Music] well. Then go to a world that is dying. his perfect salvation to tell. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. [Music] Father will grow [Music] strangely dim in the light of his glory and [Music] grace. Remember, his grace is sufficient. And no matter what's going on, we we don't understand the suffering and what's going on in Ukraine in these different places, but God's grace remains the same for them as it does for us. The grace is sufficient. I understood that they lose a thousand soldiers a day in Ukraine. They're requesting calling for 30,000 recruits a month. And if they have to, they'll press them into service if they just step out of their house. So just just remember Ukraine. It's just really burdened. I appreciate the song. God bless you musicians. Thank you for the song service and look full on his wonderful face. Goes right along with my topic this this evening. And we what we we are called to do. Bring salvation to others. Who's going to bring it to others? Yeah. What are we called for? Yeah. Life comes through the body. That's right. Hello. Life comes only one way. Life comes through the body. And it's his body the life comes through. Amen. Amen. That's where life comes. That's where life is projected. That is the last commission. Amen. That's right. Amen. That's our true commission. We are here to represent Christ. He's here in the bride form. That's the promise of the hour. That's the promise that he said would be here. And and there's a people, the bride that sees it. Amen. So the my subject this mo evening is the revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour. Amen. Amen. The revelation of Jesus Christ. Not another hour. This hour, not another person, same person, just a different form. Same person. Amen. Amen. So, let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we thank you that we can look beyond the outer man. We're thankful that for grace revelation to look to the revelation reality of who we are and walk in that. Lord, as you said that we look not at the things which are seen, but the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, passing away. Lord, don't let the things of this world take a hold on our life. Don't let it take such a hold that we are saddened we can't give it up and give it away for the cause of Christ. Lord Jesus, you have a people that will stay true, that will be true because they were in thee, thy thought to be manifest in this hour. What a great revelation. What a what a fellowship the little bride has with each other. What a union. What a what a communion that we have, Father God. Now Lord, I present myself to you. There's it doesn't matter the number who's here tonight. Just where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst. We have not come to see man. We have come to see you. And that seeing isn't an outward seeing. It's an inside revelation because Lord, you're fellowshipping with yourself. And we are here to manifest and glorify you. and the promised word for the hour and season which we are so thankful for Lord to realize the true identification we have of the literal life of Jesus Christ being manifested through us we thank you now and give you praise bless your word to every individual heart here Lord and those that don't know you in the true baptism of the spirit of God may you open their hearts to realize where they're standing Lord I pray in Jesus name. Amen. While you're standing, I'd like to turn to Hebrews chapter 10. I have I have several me several services or several I should say um subjects on my heart. Not for tonight obviously, but that have been burning on my heart. Two major services that'll take some time to bring it out. And and but God has a time. God has a a time for everything. and uh and seeing real need and and just a time for everything he does and it may be here. It may be out somewhere else but but I just but the Lord laid this on my heart this evening just a simple message and yet a deep one. Do you realize simplicity of God is deep? How many know that you cannot in your humanness know what the simplicity of God? It's too deep. But when it's revealed, it's so simple. Goes beyond human calculation, human understanding, human. Because if a human says, "Well, that's simple." That probably isn't in God's eyes. That's the truth. So, so we'll just turn to Hebrews chapter 10 here. And and and I'm thankful if you prayed for this service, your prayer, I know, will be answered. We can't pray in vain. God said, "I will answer." We really believe him. Amen. There's somebody gonna believe him. And what you believe you get. Amen. I just want you, you cannot fear anyone unless you believe them. And we fear God because we believe him. You can't fear the devil without believing him. Right. Hello. Amen. If you accept his fear, you believe him. You're going to get what you believe. Hallelujah. That's quite a statement, but that's that's a that's a real true statement. And so let's believe the word. So be it unto me according thy word. I took that last time we ministered. At thy word, Lord. Don't try to inject your thinking. Don't try to inject your ideas into it. Take it what it said and believe it. Confess it and walk forward. And don't turn around with it. Amen. Just you don't have to figure it out. Don't try to figure it out. Don't reason with the devil about it. He said it. He'll do it. That's the faith we should have. got to be manifest. God can't fail. Amen. Hebrews 10 chap chapter 10 verse 5 through 7. Wherefore when he cometh I want you to notice this. How many believe he's cometh? He's come into the world and saith sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not. But a body hast thou prepared me? In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast no pleasure. Then said I, lo, I come in the volume of the book. Amen. What book is that? The book in the hand of the one mighty angel that stood in Revelation 10:2. Behold, I come in the book. In the volume of the book, it is written of me. May God make that personal to you tonight. It is written of me to do thy will, oh God. Now look, it is written of me. So be it unto me according to thy word. It is written of me to do thy will. Don't you think we ought to look into it and see what the will of God is. Isn't that right? Amen. You can be seated. Turn with me to First Timothy 3:16. There's three verses, three scriptures here I want to bring to the service. Now, I said my subject or my title is the revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour. And I'm putting emphases of the revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour. And my subject is the bride's perfect position. You know, that's a that's a powerful statement when you realize there's none of us humanly are perfect. Right? But there is a perfect place, a perfect position, a perfect joy, a perfect happiness, and that's only in one person. Amen. So, so the bride, the we're talking about tonight, the bride's perfect position. And remember the title, the revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour. The bride's perfect position. The word manifested thought. The word manifested thought. God becoming material in the bride form. What is it? The fullness of him. You wonder what the message of Malachi 4 was. Remember, I want to know what the message of of uh and and Revelation 10:7 was to finish the mystery of God. Is that right? Yes. All right. So, we have a powerful message and that message is not known to everyone. It's revealed in secret. Hello. The seventh seal. It's revealed in secret. Silence. And then right the silence denotes a secret but it's being manifest and lived out. But there's only one people that know that and it's not makes and and I say I wasn't going to say they're not a yes they are. They're a special people in God's sight. They're special. They are special. They have one purpose one goal in mind. That's to be the manifestation of the fullness of himself in this hour. Amen. And what is that revealing? The son of man again. Not another person. Him. Same name, same life, same position. Amen. Amen. What was his position? He was the manifestation of the word of God in the fullness of revelation. Is that right? And we belong to a body which is the fullness of him. Right? We have a measure of that, but still it's the same chemicals in that spoonful as it is in the whole body. So you have a part and I have a part. Amen. All right. All right. So we read sec 1 Timothy 3:16. 1 Timothy. Well, I'll get to it here 3 and verse 16. and without controversy. Now, we're talking about the revelation of Jesus Christ in this day. Without controversy, great is the mystery. Notice that's not mysteries. It's mystery. Great is the mystery of godliness. What is godliness? Like God. Yeah. And to be like God, you have to have the spirit of God. Yeah. To know God, you must be born again. You have to have the spirit of God dwelling in you. Right. So great is the mystery of godliness. God was can we say what he was? He is. Yes. And will be. So God was manifested in the flesh. I'm bringing it down to our day now. God is manifested in the flesh. I don't believe I added anything to that. Whatever he was, he is. Yeah. So God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit. Amen. Yes. Hello. That's a capital S there. Spirit. Though you never did it in the first place, never regarded. Not even accounted to you. Justified in the spirit. Amen. Seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory. My, what a perfect position. Yeah. All right. So now Ephesians chapter 1 and verse 22 and 23. You know the Bible ought to become very familiar to you. Say every scripture you're tuning to us is familiar. Yes, it ought to be familiar. But there's a mystery laying behind those words and that's the thought of God. And it takes God to reveal it to you. And without the new birth, you'll never understand it. You'll never see it. Yeah. It takes a new birth to see God to know God because it's the spirit of God in you that reveals him. All right. So, so verse 22 and hath, who's he speaking of? Let's just take verse 21. Far above all principality and power and might and dominion. What a position. And every name that is named not only in this world, but also in that which is to come and hath put all things. Can you say all things? Under his feet. How many are a member of his body here? That's under his that's the feet. Yes. If you're the skin on the bottom of the feet, every devil, I don't care who he is, what he is, or what position he comes in, at any time, at any place, he's under he's under the feet of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's right. God. Amen. He's under his body. Yes. Because he's the head of that body. His body is his body. Amen. All right. So, and hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church. So, fear not, bride. He's the head over all things. Amen. Amen. That's right. Okay. Which is his which what is his body, which is I'm excuse me, his head over all things to the church. the church which is his body. The church is his body. The notice may this just leap at you. It's amazing how we can read a scripture and all of a sudden you see it. You've read it and read it and read it and all of a sudden there's you just unveiled itself to you. That's revelation which is his body. The fullness of him. What is the body? The fullness of him. What was the message in our day? the full revelation of Jesus Christ through the opening of those seals that sealed a hidden mystery that God had in the back part of his mind that would not be fully known until now. The book of Revelation is sealed with seven seals. The whole Bible's sealed, but that book is sealed. I mean, I may know that it's sealed. And that revelation that those seals contain is the fullness of him. All right? and his body, the fullness of him, him that fillth all in all. All in all, all who? All that's in the body. He fills every every member, every person. It don't matter. It's him. Every member is him. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Talk about a fellowship divine. We ought to fellowship in this. What a perfect position. What a manifested word. What a material God has become into made manifest. See? Amen. All right. So, so 1 Corinthians 12:27 said that you are the body of Christ and members in particular. 1 Corinthians 12:27 said you are his body. You are the body of Christ. What is the body of Christ? His body. So you are the body of Christ and members in particular. Particular is different. Different ministry different manifestation of one man, one person. Particular means particular in your act in your ministry. Amen. Just like my ear is different my eye, my eyes is different than my mouth. My mouth's different from my toes. My toe is different from the cell. But every one of them is him. So what is the name of every one of those members? What are titles? What is the member of what is the name of every one of those titles? Jesus Christ. That's his body and you are his body. What a perfect position. Amen. Flawless. Why? Because it's Christ. Remember 1 Corinthians 12:12 said he is he every member. He is He is the body. He is Christ is Let's just read it. I just I'm right there. 1 Corinthians 12 and verse 12. 12:12. And for the body, as the body is one, one. How are they one? They have one head. All right. As the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body. Amen. So is Christ. For by one spirit are we all baptized. Baptized means to be birthed or born from above. It takes the Holy Ghost baptism is the new birth. Don't you let nobody else tell you any different. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is the new birth because the Holy Ghost depends on what seat it falls on. You say, "Well, there's many baptized with the Holy Ghost. You don't have a new birth." Is that possible? Yes, that's possible. But the true birth and we and the the prophet differentiated in that when he said and the true baptism of the Holy Ghost is that it fell upon his seed. And when the seed was quickened, what was it? Himself. So the new birth is a revelation of Jesus Christ or the revelation of Jesus Christ in you is the new birth. Amen. Amen. It's not an imagination. It's not I hope so. It's a living reality, a living person, a living being. And it manifests and glorifies God in the hour and time. And you will see your hour and your time and the message of this hour. And you will yearn to be like him. You will yearn to have revelation. You will yearn and seek God in this hour. Amen. And you have to seek him in one place. And that's where that's through the message of the hour. Amen. Because that word you say the message in the word. Yes. The message is the word. The word is the message. Amen. All right. Because the word comes to his prophets. Amen. Amen. All right. Now, Ephesians 5:28, I'm just covering these real quickly here. Ephesians 5:28 says this, "For no man ever yet hated his own flesh." I'm talking about his body. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh. Amen. Whose flesh are yours? Who's Who's your Who owns you? Right. Well, I own me. No, you Well, no, you don't. David doesn't own it. Christ does. That's right. He stamped himself on it. It may be corrupted, but remember what he said. If the spirit of Christ lives in you, it shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Amen. So, we can expect God to bring this body under obedience to his word by his spirit. Now, that's the believer. Paul said, "If you live in the spirit, you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh." Galatians 5. And then verse 25 said, "If we live," Paul said, "if we live in the spirit, let us also walk right in the spirit, not hearers only, doers." Because if the spirit of life lives in you and you walk in that spirit, and I'm coming down to this because we're talking about his faith, we we have a perfect place to walk in, to judge by. We have a perfect place to live by, to live from. Amen. And it isn't this man, right? But that which is in you, Amen. His word revealed is perfect. And it's not in man's way of calling perfect. It's God's way of perfect. Unchanging, unfailing. It can't fail. Do you realize if born again your his spirit in you living in you cannot fail and cannot cannot change and cannot lie. Amen. Amen. What a place to believe. What a place to live from. We have a perfect position. Okay. So now, so no man ever yet hate his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church, for we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. Verse 32, this is a great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church. Amen. All right. Now in in the message things that are to be, you see the whole program, this is on paragraph 36. You see the whole program, the whole church is built upon divine revelation. Right? Jesus said in Matthew 16, "Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you." Amen. So you don't you don't you'll never get it by trying to study it and figure it out, right? You might as well just lay down your figuring out and start and start saying, "God, you know what I need, right? Show me. Reveal it to me. You promised it. Don't let me try to reason it out and figure it out." Yeah. You didn't ask me to do that. You said, "They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength." Yeah. Amen. All right. He said, "So flesh and blood has not revealed this, but my father which is in heaven has revealed this to you." Now watch what he says. What was it? Brother Bram says, "What was it?" A revelation of who he was. Now, I'm coming to something here. Now, listen. A revelation of who he was. Now, he's coming to something here. This is what we we're talking on. And upon this rock, now rock in the Bible, this is Brother Aram's own words, speaks and and means revelation. Rock in the Bible means revealed the revelation. Revelation. Just as in Psalm 62, David said, "God is my rock." What is he saying? God is my revelation. I wonder if we can see that today. Yes. God is my revelation. What a what a standard. What a place to stand. What a position. God is my revelation. Amen. I have to fret over it. God is my revelation. If he's ever revealed to you that you are become one with him. Amen. Not twain, right? You're in union with Christ. God is the bride's revelation. Okay? And upon this rock. Now, the revelation, now he says, a revelation of who he was. Now, watch what he says. He said, "I'll build my church upon the revelation of who?" Let's put it who he is. Brother Brandham said, who he is, who he was, who he is. All right. Now, watch what he says. And the gates of hell can't prevail against it. Now, watch. The revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour. The revelation of who he is in this hour. Amen. Right now you don't see him in the form he was there in the man form he was there but you see him in man form as he is now. It's the re still the revelation of himself as as as Eve. We don't we her name was not Eve there but say Mrs. Adam was the mystery of Mr. Adam. Yeah. And she had to come forth. That's right. She was a hidden mystery. Notice he she was the hidden mystery. She was the capstone revelation. Amen. Amen. Of Adam. That's right. Stop and think about that one a minute. Amen. Without her, she was he was not complete until she was manifest because he was alone. And God was alone and he desired fellowship with himself. So God said, "I'll take out of him a help meat for him, right? That he may fellowship with and he can come down and fellowship now with his family because God has become family." Amen. Now you see where it's coming right back. We're right at the point now where we're going back to the seventh day of Eden. That's right. How many know that's right? We're going to go right back to where we left off. pick it right up because eternity rolls on. Error and faults and failures don't hinder God. It just hinders the believer. God allows it so he can manifest himself, manifest his attributes. We know that. All right. So we see here then so the revelation now we're speaking of here now the revelation of who he was. The revelation of Jesus Christ who he is in this hour. What would what would that be? The gates of hell are not going to prevail against this. That's right. All right. Not what he was in another hour. The revelation of Jesus Christ in this hour, not what he was in another hour. Right? They had their m they had their portion in those days. But now we've turned a corner. Amen. We're in seed time. We're in virgin word time. Virgin born word time. Amen. There's a shout. Remember the church ages. Each one had their ages. And the seventh age had come open with this, a shout, saying, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh." Yes. Yes. And they all rose and trimmed their lamps. Did all that rose and trimmed their lamps make it? No. But who made it? They that were ready. How were you made ready? Before the foundation of the world, you were chosen in him. Amen. Is that right? So you were made ready and they went into a union and the sign was the sign of that union that we seen in the heavens. Whose picture was that? Amen. And what's he uniting with? His body. Amen. Where's the revelation then of Jesus Christ in this hour? His body. All right. So we see not what he was in another hour but what he was now. See see Hebrews 13:8 Paul brother Bram's trying to get us to see he remains the same. He does but he's immorphed into another form here. It's still him. She was Mrs. Adam. She wasn't nothing different than Adam. She had Adam's spirit. Not another spirit. She had Adam's spirit. Eve. I'm talking about Mrs. is Adam had Adam's spirit, right? Yeah. That right. So, whose property was she? Amen. What's the revelation in our day? Amen. See, we've we've had a we've had a a spoken word creation. We are being born again, a spoken word creation. Amen. a spiritual spoken word creation. Amen. Right now, we are living in heavenly places. Seated now. Amen. I was going to bring that scripture, but I'm talking about the perfect the bride's perfect position. We're now seated in heavenly places in Christ. Now, now will be sons of God. We are sons of God. Amen. and the spirit could come upon and could reveal himself to us because we are amens. All right. So we didn't become sons by the new birth. We were sons. Amen. Already. Yes. And that spirit just quickened that son to manifestation in their day, in their hour. That's why it's very important that we see the message for the season. And we must preach the message for the season as ministers. Yeah. Amen. We because how can the people grow? The faith is in laying in the promise of the word. Amen. Because faith ministered, faith comes by hearing the word. Faith lays in that and faith takes its resting place in that promised word. Because when that's revealed to you, a substance, nothing can take that from you because you already have it. Amen. We're just waiting as a pro as our brother said Sunday for the full re manifestation of what he promised. But we have to have it faith first. Right. It must reveal in you first in order because now you're not you're you're now how we how else you going to walk along and manifest Christ if it's not a revelation to you. How can we speak unless it's a revelation? How can we confess unless it's by revelation and a confession of faith? Amen. Amen. You see, we hold fast the confession of our faith. Amen. Not what we not what we just look at and quote quotes and quote scriptures, but what is revealed to us, right? Because we know the Holy Spirit will rightly divide the word. It won't it won't do otherwise. It's got to rightly divide it. When Satan said it's written, Jesus come back and said, "But it's also written." Yeah. Amen. One had the life of that word, the other which had just words and tried to pervert it. That's right. Amen. But but God answered him with the true revelation of the word. It is written, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." Is that right? Where's the Lord thy God today? What's he coming to tempt? What's he against? Where's the struggle? It's working in you. But the struggle between Satan and the word, right? He does. Satan does not want expression. He hates the expression of the word. That's right. But you and I are here as that manifested thought. That word made manifest. The word manifested thought is who we are. Amen. All right. So he said not what he was in another hour. What he was now. Hebrews 13:8, the same yesterday, today, and forever. The Bible expresses it's growing in the bride. So where's the revelation? It's growing. It's growing in the bride. Brother Bram said perfect faith. He said his spirit, he's pouring out himself into the bride, and they are becoming one for the wedding supper. What? We are becoming one for the body change, for the meeting in the air. Amen. And how can we do that unless he come to unite with us, right? And so the second coming is his uniting with bride and becoming manifest in bride form. What are we looking for? Many people are looking for a second coming. And really what they're seeing re realizing it's the third, right? Because the third coming, the opening of the third coming and the ending of the second coming is our meeting in the air. Because the third coming is when he comes back and dwells on earth with his bride in a millennium. Right? Did not the prophet say the second fold of that three-fold mystery of that seventh seal is God in the bride form God in his people. Amen. And what are we ready for then? He says we're ready for Eden. Well, how was he to be manifest here in this day? What's the mystery of it? Amen. Is that he would be manifest in bride form. Other words, it's the bride coming of Christ. Amen. This is what the hidden mystery is. Yes, he couldn't let that out until this hour. Because if we did, Satan would try to pervert that. But he's too late now. He can't do it. And he knows nothing about it. That third pull, he can't know that third pull. Amen. The third pull is the opening of the word, and he's not the word to be opened. Amen. Hallelujah. But there is a bride that is that word to be open. Hallelujah. Amen. Yeah. That's why there's a a true, you know, don't let anyone ever tell you there's not a true evidence of the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. I've heard it said, "Well, there's no real no real true evidence." That's that's not the truth. You say, "Well, well, he might have said that, but watch what else he said because the message progressed." How many know that he didn't talk about the gene? He didn't talk about the gene seed of God until 65. Right. Yeah. You tell me if it's progressed. Yeah. Amen. See, so it's coming. It had to come to its maturity. This this message come to its head and its head and we have to come to the head because it's growing in the bride to a full stature. He said it's growing. This revelation is growing in the bride. So where is this revelation? It's a revelation of who you are. I'll build my church. Amen. Amen. And the gates of hell can't prevail against it. That's right. Because who you are is him. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan does not want this out. He hates this. And that's what the whole world that's why they're electing a new pope. Yeah. So they can continue to come against by their Chaldian Babylonian Babylonian idol worships of the trinity of three gods. They're coming against the true oneness of the true God. Amen. And the unveiling of his coming. And Satan can't stand it because there's a bride on earth that sees him, knows him, not knows about him. She knows him. She's in union with him. It's a relationship with him. All right. So, it's growing in the bride to the full stature. Other words, it's growing into the head form for the body chain. Remember, he said the head and the body would become soul in his such as image. She will be him. Yes. Amen. And that's another race. Yeah. Amen. You're living by another race. You're living in another position. Right. You ought to be living today out of another position. Sure, Satan comes in and upsets us. We can't perfect this flesh. We have troubles. We have tests. But every one of those things is for the going home of the bride. Lord, every one of them is bringing you and I to a total reliance and a dependency upon this word. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Now, so therefore, and brother Bram goes back now, and why therefore if the corn of wheat of Christ had to fall in the ground, that's St. John 12. You read St. John 12. If that corn of wheat had to fall in the ground, so did the bride have to fall to the ground through the dark ages. Any grain that goes to the ground must die or it can't re it can't produce itself. And the and the word there is reproduce itself. Amen. because it had to go in the ground. You You plant a corn in the ground. It's got to come forth and be whatever it was that was put in the ground. Has to come back to being what it is. That's exactly right. That God withheld the message. Said, "But in this message, in this day, I will bring a message of restoration of all things." Now, the prophet said, "Now I've introduced you to him." John was on earth at his coming. Do you realize that John was on earth and said, "This is whom I spoke of right here. He pointed us to the lamb and said, "This is he. This is my ministry. This is my message." And he's uniting with a bride. He's not coming right out in plain open sight that everybody can see him. He has to come in faith. Amen. Amen. Is that right? Yeah. If you don't have the faith of rapture, you'll never be in a rapture. That's it. That's right. The bride is looking for the revelation of the rapture. What is it? It's the rapture becomes substance in you. Amen. That gives you the rapture. Yeah. That identifies you in the rapture. The token identifies you as his property. You're his eternal possession. Now, nothing can take that from you. There's not enough mistakes and errors and failures. What we want to do is say, "Lord, I want to line up with your will, your word, and that's all that matters." I don't care what it has to take to get me to do it, but that's what matters. That's right. Amen. That's right. Amen. He's not going to take an imperfect bride home. He takes a perfect bride. That's why the later it gets, the later it gets, the later it gets. The door may be shut. We don't know. I'm not saying I have no idea. I hope it isn't. I still have I still have uh children, but there's one thing I know. They will not miss getting eternal life whether it's here or at the white throne judgment. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's exactly right. Because that token will if it's applied correctly cannot fail. Amen. Amen. Amen. It cannot fail. And the prophet said you apply it with confidence. Amen. Holding that token over your unmovable faith in the promised word. That's it. Because the token says it's mine, right? Hallelujah. All right. Now, so the grain goes to the ground, must die, can't reproduce itself. Brother Bram said it can't reproduce itself. And the great church that he established on the day of Pentecost by sending the Holy Ghost had to suffer martyrdom, go into the dirt of those denominations. Amen. And then come out and then come on out to the full stature. See, it had to come through Luther. It had to come through Wesley. Made way for the baptism. Made way for what? The person, the Holy Ghost himself to come right down back to the word again. A virgin born word of God again that has left the shuck. Yeah. Amen. What is it? It's his word. It's his word. It's his spoken word seed. His bride, he said, is his spoken word seed. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Because she comes from the same source he came from. Do you do you realize that he came from the same source? Let me read it to you. He said she's called the body of Christ. She This bride is the literal spoken word seed bride. Page 166 of the church aid book. And though she is feminine in designation, she is also called the body of Christ. Where's the revelation then? Yeah. All right. He said, "It is very apparent that she ought to be called that, for she was predestinated in him, came from the same source." Amen. Was eternal with him and is now manifesting God in a many membered body. Whereas once once God was manifest in one member even our Lord Jesus Christ. So we're coming to a conclusion. Amen. The word the thought expressed the logos is made flesh dwelling among us and is coming to a perfect perfect complete re body change by that that is taking us there. We're on the move. We're not standing still. We're marching right in step with the word. Amen. And if one little portion gets out of step, stay in line. Is that right? Then move in line. Don't argue with it. Don't reason with it. Do what he said to do and stay there. Amen. You say, "Well, I might miss this. I might miss that. I might not have this. I might not have that." It's not reasonable, brother David. At thy word, Lord, so be it unto me according to thy word. Amen. Lay down yourself. die to yourself. Take up your cross and follow him. Yeah. Amen. That's what God's calling for. That's what he wants. Amen. That's what he'll have in a bride. All right. So, we had to come through that and come out. And she comes out to the full stature. Luther Wesley Pentecost comes out to the full stature of the bride of Jesus Christ for the last day. And they that were ready went into the marriage. There's the corner turned. This is not this. We are out. We have been We have come out of Le Oysia. We are now in the in the very manifestation of the revelation of the rapture taking us to a body change. And that seed is manifested right now in the bride form. Talk about a fellowship. Where's our fellowship lay? It's two men in one body. That's fellowship. Yeah. And I can be different and you can be different. We can still have fellowship. And we long for fellowship. We desire fellowship. We should have fellowship. God desires fellowship. First is fellowship with you and his soul, him and you. Then that fellowship extends out to others in fellowship. Amen. Oh, but Satan hates that fellowship. He'll do everything he can to keep you on an island to yourself. Right. Yeah. That's exactly what he'll do because he hates gathering together because stone sharpen stone and these things are happening. And that's good for us. I'm speaking to myself. That's good for me. But all this mystery see the bride. See, in the full stature of the bride of Jesus Christ, the last day, what is it? Christ in the bride form. Amen. But all this mystery is revealed only. All this mystery, bride's perfect position, the mystery revealed, Christ in you, the mystery of God revealed. Perfect position. The open book reveals this mystery. All right. So all this mystery revealed only as he promised to his bride. Hell is against the truth of the revelation of this mystery. All hell's against it. What is it against? The revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. That's what he's against. All right. Because because it'll bring forth expression. So all hell is against the truth of the revelation of this mystery. But the bride is standing on it. Let me read that again. The bride is standing on it. That's her stand. Now, why do you hunger, church? Why do you thirst? It's the father trying to reveal to you this hidden secret to you. Why do you hunger? Anybody hungry? I think there's a few in here that are hungry. Okay. Why? Why do you hunger? Why do you hunger? Why do you thirst? It's the father trying to reveal this hidden secret to you. But you let now brothers and sisters coming right down to where we are. Listen to this now. Well, he's telling us where we are, but right down the rubber meets the road. But you let so many things get it out of you. You let your job, you let your wife, you let your husband, you let your children, you let the cares of the world, you let some pastor, you let somebody else get that out of you when you know that way down in your heart, you're thirsting and hungry. It's God trying to reveal it to you. See the revelation, the last day is here. The opening of the seals, he said the end is come. Yes. He said, 'How long? I don't know, but we've arrived. We're at the end. All right. Now, all this book and all, excuse me, and all that's in this book is the elect. Amen. Would be him. For that's the believer. The words in the book. Remember he told Daniel, "Seal up the book. seal up the words until the time of the end. But the time of the end, the word would be loosed. Yeah. And you're the word in the book, right? Amen. Amen. Well, can what can we expect? We can expect the revelation of Jesus Christ for this hour to be known personally, right? Amen. That's what I expect. Amen. And every day it's a little step, one more step. Inch by inch, we're possessing what God's given to us. Amen. We've done crossed over. If you haven't crossed over, you need to cross over, right? Amen. Not stay on the other side, but come into your promise. Yes. Amen. All right. Okay. I'm going to bypass some of this. In the beginning, he wasn't even God then. No, God's object worship. Only thing he was was the eternal. And in him was attributes. And those attributes were thoughts. That's eternal thoughts. And that's what he come to redeem those thoughts he come to redeem and them as soon as it strikes them they see it because life is in there to strike. All right. How can you be born again? The seed of God must be in you. Okay. The whole thing Jesus said at that day at that day. That's this day. We know that this day we are here seeing it manifest. You shall know that I'm in the father the father in me. I in you and you in me. The whole thing is God becoming material. Amen. Like a husband and wife becoming one together. God and his church becoming one. Then he turned right around and said, "God and his church are no longer twain. They are one." Yeah. Why? Because she's pregnantated with his life. What's that do? That brings you in union with him. Amen. All right. God with his thoughts becoming material and that brings us with eternal life. The eternal life, there's only one form of it. That's God. And then it's God expressed in his church. Amen. God expressed in his church, God expressed in his son. It's the same God all the time. God above us, God with us, God in us. Just bringing the whole thing right back. You can't go any further than that than that one God. Amen. In the full manifestation of that one God. There's nothing beyond that and here we come to that God in us. God in bride form. God with us. God in us. Amen. All right. And then he was he is the eternal. In him was attributes. All right. Now he spoke it and it was word and the word made manifest. The word is made manifest. It's God becoming material. He drives that home over and over. I'm driving it home because you must see God becoming material. Amen. That takes all the struggle away no matter what you're going through. Yeah. Well, it's still a struggle. I'm not saying the struggle is not a struggle. It's a struggle. It's hard. It's not easy. But it takes the fear away from you. Amen. The struggle is not going to beat you down. The struggle is not going to take you. In fact, you can turn around and say, "Thank you, Lord, for the struggle. I will thank you in all things, giving you praise in all things." And rejoice in all things because it's not going to change you. It's not going to it's not going to take you out of his care. You're in his care. You're in his hands. He's become material in you. And he's goes through that struggle. Oh, that's a different thought, isn't it? All right. So, we are his faith and his name. Now, I want to get to this real quick. I've got about just a about 10 15 minutes here. So, and then we are his faith, his name. Habac 2:4 said that we that we shall live in his the believer shall live in his faith. I'm going to just bypass it, not read these, but it's his faith. If you notice, his faith. All right. Galatians 2:20 said that we are crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, we live. Yet not I, but Christ that liveth in me. And the life the life that I now live, I live by the faith of the son of God. Not you live by the faith in the son. You live by the faith of the son. It's the same faith. Yes. Amen. That's right. So if he's manifested in us, then it's his faith. He lives in us. It's his faith. It's his name. Amen. Amen. And it's and it's in faith in his name and and by his faith. All right. As Peter said, silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I unto thee. Amen. What did he give? What did he impart to that? He he imparted what? a reality, a revelation to that man led by the spirit. Jesus said, "I can't speak until the holy spirit speaks through me. I cannot speak." He said, "Only what the father what the father shows me I do." And the same harmony exists between the bride. When he told Jesus speak, he spoke. My father worketh hither to and I work. How can it be any different with the bride? It's the same person in you with the same character in you. And he does the same things he did yesterday and he does it today. Right? So if we know his character, Christ is his character. What are we growing into? Whose stature? Christ. Christ's own character. We wonder why things go around us and happening to us we don't know anything about. And God's pointing this to you. And then pretty soon you say, "Oh, then you see something and victory is yours. It's always been yours. Your victory is our faith." But what is our faith? It's his faith. If ye abide in me and my word abides in you, it's his faith. Right? Amen. Amen. So, it's his faith. Mark 11:22 said, "Have faith in God." And the and in a subject margin on the schoolfield, it it interprets that and it says, "Have the faith of God." Right? Amen. So, have faith in God, but have the faith of God if you shall say to this mountain. Now, how can it fail? What a position to be in with this revelation. The revelation is our position. And in that position, how can that fail? How can that faith fail? And how can that name fail? So many times we act under under a feeling or under or under some uh like well I I feel impressed. Well, that may be so and it may not be so. But if it's a true impression of God, it's got to happen. Yeah. Amen. If it's a true revelation, you're not speaking. Remember the Bible said the word of God is nigh even in thy mouth, right? And in thy heart. What is that word in you? What is that word that's nigh thee in thy mouth? The Bible said it's the word of faith. The word of what? The word of faith. Who's whose faith? And who's speaking? Yes. Hallelujah. You see why you know that's why the Bible prophet by even even Paul said slow to speak and quick to hear. Amen. That's truth. Yeah. I mean I say too many things. I say too many foolish things. Amen. But when God says it, when it's revealed to you and you say it, it's not you speaking. It's not the man. It's not David. It's him. That's the communion. That's the union. That's the harmony that exists between him and his bride. Right? She's not walking haphazardly. Every step is ordered. Amen. Every move is ordered. Amen. Amen. That's what the word said, didn't it? Yeah. Okay, then so be it unto me according to thy word. Amen. I have to figure it out. Just commit him yourself to him. And then then don't take it back after you've committed yourself. Don't turn around and take it back. Well, I made a mistake in committing. You've committed him yourself to him believing he's leading. Then relax and rest in that leadership. Oh, it'll be radical. It'll be beyond your own thinking. But you've got to rest in the fact that you've given yourself to him, right? We get maturity mixed up. Except you become as a little child converted and then become as a little child, you shall no wise enter in a little child in what? Faith. Yeah. A little child's faith is simple and it's perfect. We don't want to accept that, but that's the truth. That's what Jesus said. That's able to just accept the word as my my father and that settles it. Right? That just settles it. He said so. That settles it. Doesn't child doesn't reason around with why daddy said it. He just believes his daddy. All right. Now, and so in Acts in Acts 15, I'll have you turn to Acts three, I mean three. Acts 3:15, Paul or I mean not Paul but um Peter over there in Acts is talking about when he spoke to the man at the gate beautiful something he had that he imparted to him and we talked about that earlier. Now three verse 15 he says why he did that. Let me read it to you. And and three yeah and killed the prince of life whom God has raised from the dead where and we are witnesses. Verse 16. And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong. And and his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong. The faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all. This is how brother Brandham says it. And Jesus and in and his at the gate and his Jesus name through faith in his Jesus name hath made this man formal cri former strong. Yay, the faith which is by him from by which is by or from him Jesus hath given him the man this perfect soundness in the presence of you all. See there it is Jesus name and Jesus's faith brought about the miracle. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, okay, now it's seed time or bride time. The shucks are dead. If they're dead, life has left it. The shuckss are dried up. They're gone. No life in the shuck. How many believe that? When you begin to say, "I and my father one." Sound like what we're saying tonight, isn't it? I and my father are one. The shuck pulls away from it. It can't accept that. It puts it out of itself. Amen. And that's what's happens has happened. The virgin word time. The shucks are dried up. The ver the virgin word time, not touch, it's virgin. And he says, "Remember, it's virgin word time, but God's church is not touched by man or man-handled." Hallelujah. It's a virgin born, word of God made manifest. What's the bride? A virgin born, word of God made manifest. And when the word's manifested, what is it? Light. It's a virgin word of God made manifest. Jesus Christ. Who is it? Jesus Christ. the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. How wonderful. I love it. I believe it. I know it's the truth. Do you know it's the truth? Ephesians 2:5-10. I won't read that, but by grace are you saved through faith. He called you when you were in sin. He loved you when you were unlovable. And he died for you and raised us up again. You died with him, raised you up again, now seated in heavenly places in Christ. For by grace are you saved through faith. And that faith is not of yourselves. It's not your faith. It's God's faith. And you are his workmanship. And that's God's gift to you. And what is that gift? Eternal life. And if we repent and be baptized and not stop, but go on to receive the Holy Ghost. I have something I'd like to bring on that here one of these days. and go on to receive the Holy Ghost, which is the gift of God, which is eternal life, the new birth. Amen. Amen. And you are his workmanship. Amen. Amen. Created in Christ Jesus. Brother Brandham said that created means in union with. You're his workmanship in union with Christ Jesus. Coming from the same source. Royal seed. He's royal seed. You're royal seed. Amen. And coming with from the same sort, you are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works. You don't have to figure out works. God's ordained the works you'll do. Unto good works which he hath before ordained that you should walk in them. There you are. You see, all that we've talked tonight is perfect rest. A perfect place, a perfect rest, a perfect peace, a perfect position. Amen. It's Christ. All right. Now, in the message of perfect faith, I'm going to close with these these next few things right here. All right. We are not growing in not a faith, but a perfect faith. It's built up in here in the soul. Watch a perfect God with a perfect heart keep a perfect promise by his perfect word. Yeah. All right. Then on page 68 or number not not page number paragraph 68 he says this. He said and God was in him. He knew with that perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah that the spirit of God was upon him. Now there's a people in the land that know the same thing today. He said, "Now I in myself do nothing." Isn't that lovely? I in myself do nothing, but it's my faith in God and God was in him. The word made manifest. And when the word of God comes in you, it's made manifest for you are a believer. Now watch what he defines a believer. And a believer is the faith of God that moves in you. The believer is the faith of God that moves in you. Talk about a position. Yes. Knowing who he was. Paragraph 70. Without a shadow of doubt, he knew he was the son of God. He knew it. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. I'm glad there's faith. I'm glad for revelation. He knew it. There's a bride's going to know it. She knows where she is. She knows her position. She knows where she's standing. And Satan is trembling. Because his hour is soon. We're going to leave here, brother, sister. It's right upon us. You can see it. Amen. I don't know when, how long, but it's right here. Amen. Amen. It won't take many more turns and maybe yet this evening, maybe in the morning. We don't know. Amen. Amen. All right. But if you're not ready, you need to be ready. Amen. Because without the token, you're not going in a rapture. Now, that's just all there is to it. The literal without the literal life of Jesus Christ abiding in you. And I'd like to go into the evidence another time. I have, but I'd like to go into it again. Without that abiding in you, you're not going into rapture. That ought to either put a desperation in you or I don't care in you. Right? That statement right there ought to put a desperation in your heart to seek after him. He that seeketh, he that hungers and thirsts after God shall be filled. He that seeks me will find me. He that knocks, it'll be opened. But you're going to have to go where the source of life is to find him. And then he said you would receive it. That's his promise to you. You can step up there and say, "Satan, he promised me and I'm hungry for it." And there wouldn't be a deep in me calling for that unless there was a deep to respond for it. Amen. That's exactly right. So without that, you're being left. You leave. You You're not going. You cannot even see the message of the hour without being born of the spirit. You can't even worship him without being born of the spirit. That's the truth. All right. Now I I truly am closing. It's right time to close now. Just And then he turned around. He said, "The works that I do shall you do also." And he said, "A little while the world will see no more, but you shall see me because I'll be with you, even in you." Amen. The identification of a scriptural Christian, these words said, "Jesus, these signs shall follow them that believe." The word comes first, the sign follows. Amen. Is that right? The promise comes first, the word is manifest before you, the voice, and the sign follows. Now, where are you standing? You don't have to work that up. Pump it up. Make it happen. It'll happen for the word of the hour. You were ordained to be here for this hour and the word is in you for this hour. All right. Now, okay. He says this, Jesus had perfect faith. He had it and it come because he was the word. And you become the word. You believe become the word as you receive the word. If you abide in me and my words in you, see, if you abide in me and my words abide in you, how's his words abide in you? His faith, right? They're abiding. It's in you abiding. All right. Now, watch. He said to us, "If you abide in me and my word in you, you can ask what you will, it'll be done." Then recognize your position in the scripture as a believer. Then recognize your position in the scripture as a believer. He recognize your position as he recognized his position. Do you believe his position was perfect? So is yours. Yes. That's right. So don't let nothing keep you out of your position. Now, there's position in the body. You ordained to a certain position. Amen. that nobody else can take can take that position. But we're talking about the body as a whole. Her position is Jesus Christ revealed. It's himself. Amen. It's a perfect position. All right. My my how we love him. Amen. Look, Christ in you makes him the center of life of the revelation. I'm just going to I just want to read this slow. I'm closing with this. You can stand with me, but listen to it. I'm not I'm not I'm going to follow Keep following through here. Look, Christ in you makes him the center of life of the revelation. Right? See, Christ's life in you makes him the center of the revelation. Amen. Christ in the Bible would make the Bible what? the complete revelation of Christ. Is that right? And you're the words in the book. Right. Christ in you makes you what? The complete revelation of the whole thing. You talk about a position. What manner of people ought we to be? Yes. I think we ought to be more aware of what we're thinking, what we're saying, the words we speak. They carry spirit. Words are powerful. Yeah. God uses his words. God uses words. He always speaks in a word. His voice is heard in a word. Amen. It's speech. Jesus said, "Why can you not understand my speech? Is because you're not of my father. Because you cannot hear my word is the reason you don't know my speech. Who's going to know the speech of the bride? It sounds like it's all it's I just talks in such deepness. Brother, sister, it's so simple you can't even imagine it. If you think that's deep, well, it is deep. But to your thinking, it isn't. So, be careful what your thoughts are. Amen. Because without the revelation of this hour, without that corn, we're we're moved. We're in a bride time. We are in the seed time. Brother Bram said, "We are in seed time." That's a corner turned, he said, because it's no longer in the shuck. It's seed time. It's here. The seed is manifest. Now, and he to make sure you get it, he said, "Or bride time." Right? [Music] Then what is bride time? the revelation of Jesus Christ for this hour. Amen. All right. Now, what is it? It's all God becoming tangible. He said, "Now, you're the revelation thing." And brother Ram ends that with this. What? See what God is trying to do. What is it? It's all God becoming tangible and you're a part of God. Hallelujah. Ah. Amen. God's here in shoe leather this morning. It's here this evening. It's here in you. It's here in me. It's here in his bride around the world. It's here in his body. It's his body. It's his body. You are his body. What's quite a position. Special class of [Music] people. He was Elohim the eternal. But in him was thoughts. He wanted to become material. What did he do? He spoke the word and the word was materialized. It's Elohim materializing so he could be touched and felt. That's first John 1. We bring the message. We've seen the word manifest. We've touched him. We've held him. Whose feet have you washed? What comes here to take communion is those people are saying, "I'm born of the spirit and I'm in fellowship with the word." But we know not everyone that does take communion today. I wish that we could say that, but not all are born again. But that's not for me to judge who is who isn't. The point is when we sit down to wash feet, I'm washing the feet of Jesus Christ. It may be earthly feet, but those earthly feet will be changed one of these days. And the one that lives in those feet owns those feet. Right? That's it. So, let's start living from the soul realm, brother, sister. Let's not walk any more of what this temporal out here and judge ourselves by our temporal. Let's walk by the soul. Let's walk in his faith. Live in his [Music] faith. Amen. So, he said in the millennium, it's Elohim sitting on the throne. See, that's right. all of his subjects around him that he predestinated before the foundation of the world. We are facing that millennium. I believe that. Amen. Hallelujah. To you and I, the ages are over. Did you know that? To you and I, the bride, the ages are finished. Brother Brandon even said, "It's over." And it is. Who is he speaking to? We know Leodysia is going out of here, but that doesn't pertain to you and I. You and I are the seed word made manifest, revealed Jesus Christ. You are the revelation of Jesus Christ. By revelation, you know who you are. And when you know who you are, you know who he is. And when you know who he is, you know who you are. Amen. Amen. Then in the end it all winds up. God tangible. God in Christ tangible made flesh dwelt among us. And in that great millennium to come, God in the form of Christ sits upon the throne of David and the church is bride, husband and wife together. Other words, king and queen together. Do you know you're the ones the Bible speaks of? Do you know tonight that you are the ones the Bible speaks of? It's written of you. Do you know your position is in Christ? If you're in Christ, you're a new creature. That creature is creation. A spoken word creation. That creature is himself. It's a person. Eternal life is a person. It's not a feeling. It's a person. Amen. Do you know this word is like everyday living to you? Not just church. You're in fellowship every day. Fellowshipping with him in your soul. What a union. What a fellowship. Then getting together, traveling together, meeting together, fellowship. God loves it. And it's so simple. It's as simple as coming down and not magnificent questions and ask his children, Adam and Eve, are you are you happy today? Did you have a good time today? Are you enjoying your stay here? Yes, father. Fellowship. Simple. That's how simple. I like the way a brother brought that. I'm just repeating kind of what he said. But it's good. It's simple. If you're in Christ, do you know this word is like everyday living to you? Why? Sure. It's yours. It's yours. It's yours. How many say amen? It's mine. Amen. Amen. And Lord, let me come under your obedience to your word. Let nothing, I don't care what it is, let nothing stand in your way. If there's anything in your way from taking your full position, it's an it's a spirit of idolatry. I didn't say you're an idolatrous. I said it's a spirit of it trying to take and position something before you, standing in your way from taking your place that God called you to. Amen. And I think he showed us where your place is. This is the bride's position. Why, sure, it's yours. You are an eagle. It's yours. You're an eagle. That's your food. Amen. God bless you. If I've run a little over time, forgive me, Brother Paul. You know what? I know he will. You know what? Let's live from our soul. Let's hear what he says, not what others think. Amen. What does he want me to do? It's not that we don't care. See, the devil comes back. Well, you just don't care. You just don't care. I beg your pardon. He's a liar. I do care. But I will obey my Lord over my feeling and over what others think. Amen. Amen. That rubs the flesh the wrong way. Okay. Hey, I want to sing a song and we're dismissed. Amen. And I'm going to ask brother Alex if you'll come up. Let's sing this song. On Christ the solid rock. On Christ the solid revelation. Amen. I stand. Amen. Amen. Where's your stand today? Amen. On Christ the solid rock. You don't know how to play that one. What is it? Oh, what? Okay. I'm sorry. The F. You wanted the key. F. Okay. Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not try. Notice sweetest frame but holy lean. On Jesus name on Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seemed to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds with it. Is your anchor holding within the vehill? On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath his cough. Remember the blood carries life. Support me in the whelming flood. In all around my soul gives way. He then is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Then he shall brother sister we've already heard the sound. Oh may I then in him be found dressed in his rightous. Amen. Foughtless to stand before the throne. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. You know, verse four is a little out of time. That trumpet we've heard and his righteousness is life alone. Faultless to stand before the throne. No, it's faultless to stand. We are faultless now. Yeah. And we aren't standing before the throne. We will for reward but not for his white throne judgment. We we sit in his throne and white throne judgment. Amen. There's two judgments here that people mix. There's a judgment that that is reward for your service. You've already done made it, but he's going to judge you by your works. What is the reward to this? Did you serve me? See, you don't lose your salvation. You're not cast away there. [Music] Amen. That's right. But you may not hear it was well done, my good and faithful servant. Brother Bram said, "That's one thing I want to hear there. It was well done." Amen. Amen. So, thank God for the opening of the word that we can see. God bless you. God be with you, Brother Alex. [Music] delivery. Did it go well? Praise the Lord. It's good to hear, [Applause] man. We'll continue to pray for Yes. continue to pray for recovery and uh just to bless them all. Um let's sing one more song maybe before we dismiss number 491. Manifesting time. The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountain, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my loved, my fair one, come away." Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw at night. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine, for the vineyard blossoms for its harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one coming in plain view in the cliff of the rock. In the secret place so high till the day break and the shadows flee away in that mountain place. A sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to have God's chosen bride. Redemption draw it nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Let's sing verse one. Oh, the voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Chorus one more time. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Amen. And we'll we'll go ahead and dismiss the song. God bless you. Travel safe and we'll see you on Sunday. [Music] [Music]
