################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - June 4, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett God's Created Place For You - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   June 4, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "God's Created Place For You"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOhzPU5mb5s
========================================

Description:
"God's Achievement #2"
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you this evening. Amen. It's good to be here. I smiled when I see sister Sue come walking down the aisle. God bless you, Sister Sue. Glad to see her. Feeling better hopefully. Amen. Yeah. Good. Good. Amen. I was just thinking about our brother Andrew's service on Sunday there and talking about the approach. Um, one of the songs that had come to my my mind, well, I'll sing it on Wednesday night was, "He has made me glad." Amen. I will enter into his courts with thanksgiving in my heart. Enter his gate with praise. Amen. Amen. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Trust you're all glad this evening. Glad to be here. Amen. Glad we serve a risen savior. Praise the Lord. Amen. number 876. Been talking with the kids about faith and how sometimes, you know, we just don't have to understand it or see it. [Music] But there is an aren hand to me that leads in [Music] way I can not see while going through this world of woe. This hand still leads me as I go. Frosting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land and some sweet day I'll reach that strength. still guided by the unseen hand and has led through shadows tree. And while it leads, I have no fear. I know will lead me to that home where sin no sorrow or can come. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land and some sweet [Applause] day I'll reach that strength still Guided by the unseen hand, long to see my Savior's faith and sing the storm. be saved by grave and there upon that golden strand. I'll praise him for his guiding hand. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land and some sweet day I'll reach that strength still Guided by the unseen hand. Amen. Hallelujah. Number 230. There is none like you. Amen. Let's just stand as we sing this together. Just let him know. Amen. Let's come before him this evening. Hallelujah. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity below and find there is none like [Music] you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. There is none like you. Lord Jesus, no one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Amen. Amen. Number 83. As we get ready to go to prayer this evening, all that I have, all that I am. Amen. All that I have, all that I am, all I shall ever be, cannot repay. The love debt I owe. I surrender to thee. All that I am. All that I am. [Music] All I shall ever be cannot repay the love debt I owe. I surrender to thee. Amen. Let's just sing that as a prayer one more time. All that I have, all that I am, all I shall ever be. can can not repay the love debt I owe. I surrender to thee. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. As we go to prayer this evening, we want to remember our brother Pashant Nanchcha Liza. Amen. Lord, just continue to be them. Be with them. Um, our sister Alice is uh down in Salt Lake City doing an internship. So, I want to remember her in prayer. Lord, just be with her. Amen. Want to hold up our sister April, Sister Dorcas in prayer tonight. Amen. Uh there's Jennity Martin. Uh the mother of some young children has a aggressive form of cancer. They've given her I think four months. And we just want to hold her up in prayer. That's um breaks my heart to think about that. Amen. I want to remember those that aren't here this evening and uh the saints around the Northwest here in Washington, Idaho, Montana, Utah. each each and every one a little different assemblies. Amen. Want to hold each one up in prayer tonight. And um those that aren't with us, I think I already said that. If you have a need on your heart tonight, Brother Trevor, would you come tonight, please? If you have something on your heart tonight, Amen. He is faithful. Carrie is also home with our dog who's had a double surgery and so he's not supposed to be by himself. [Music] Gracious heavenly father, thank you Lord Jesus for you've done so much for us Lord more and more as time goes on Father and we see even as this song says Lord that we can't pay but Father the best we can do is to surrender all that we are to you Lord Jesus and I believe that's what you want from each one of us Father I just pray that you would just place it on our heart Father to surrender Lord Jesus there are many and we just ask Lord that you be with everyone brother Pashant sister Akancha and little Isaac whatever their needs are whatever their issues are Father you know them and we commit them to you and just pray Lord that you would work everything out for them Lord Jesus and Sister Alice in in Salt Lake City we just pray that you would be with her Father and uh Lord, you know her heart and we just pray that you'd give her the desire of her heart, Father. And Lord, the world is it's not clean, Lord. And everywhere we go, these institutions, our jobs, Lord, we just Father, but we know that you can bring her through it just clean, Lord Jesus, unaffected. And Lord, we just uh we ask for our sister Dorcas that you be with her. We ask for her health, Lord. Sister April being out, Lord Jesus. We ask you to be with her, Lord. And this sister Oh, I don't know how I don't remember her name, Father, but you know who she is. The gal who's this mother who has aggressive cancer. Father, we ask you please, Lord, be with her. We ask you Lord to do something miraculous in her life. Lord show her that you are in control. Not biology, not doctors. We pray that you would be with her, Father, and just give her a supernatural healing, Lord Jesus. Jesus. Father, and for all the saints that are up north and our brothers and sisters just around the world. Lord, we just lift them all up to you, Father, and ask you to be gracious to each one. Father, thank you for the graciousness that you've shown me personally over the last few days and weeks even. And not to say that you haven't for since I became a Christian, Lord, but I'm just very grateful for what you've shown me in the last few days. Just thank you, Lord. We love you, Lord. We ask you to speak through our brother Paul. Give him the words of life to each one. And may we receive, Father, what you have for each one of us. Let us apply it to our life, Lord Jesus. We love you. We turn this service over to you in your hands and and pray that you'd bless the cheerful giver, Lord Jesus. Use it for the glory of the kingdom, Lord. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we ask these things. Amen. You may you may have your seats. Amen. Number 404. I love this song. My mom used to sing this to me when I was a little boy. But I to down on my knee fill in your own good time. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to way. Teach me Lord to way. While hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth. you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Amen. Amen. So we ask our brother Paul to come tonight. I'd like to sing all of course we place you. number 236. [Music] Amen. We place [Music] you in the highest place for you. the great high priest. We place you high above all hell. All hell. And we come to you to worship at your feet. place [Music] you in the highest place. For you are the great high priest. replace you high above all [Music] hell. All hell. And we come to you to worship at your feet. [Music] One more time. We can place you in the highest place. For you are the great high priest. We place you high above all else. All hell and we come to you. [Music] Isn't it wonderful in the day that we live? The Lord has given to us the absolute perfect picture of himself. Off to a good start. an absolute perfect picture of himself. He's presented himself before us. And we just really thank the Lord for that because you know the more that we listen to the prophet speaking in this day the more real it becomes to us uh it is so uh accurate of the day that we're living in. I mean it's just picture perfect of the day. And uh I I just thank the Lord for that because as as we listen and and we you know just partake of the word, we're eating the book. Amen. And as we eat the book, it it's just so real to us. And uh is it difficult? Yes. I I think it is. It can be difficult. The struggles of life, the cares of life, the labors, all of this are difficult. But all it is is God's placing more desire in you and I to eat the book. Amen. Nothing else is mattering. Amen. I want to speak to you this evening as we'll just stand to read the word. I want to speak to you once again on the thought of God's achievement. Uh I guess we would call this part two. But uh the title I would give tonight would be God's created place for you. And uh we'll just go right into Genesis 1 and uh 1-4. and um just really struck me. It's just a very simple thought tonight, but it just struck me how that um depending on how you read the word uh is obviously what you will get out of it, right? When we approach it, uh I just love brother Andrew was speaking about that what we want out, what we give in, put into it, we will get that out. And uh as you read the word sometimes it just you see it in a different light. Amen. So Genesis 1 1-4. In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said let there be light. And there was light. And God saw the light and that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. Amen. Lord, we thank you for your word that we could come tonight, be partakers of your word. Lord, just bless each and every one. Father, those unable to be here tonight, whatever circumstance, but father bless them and bless the saints that have u made the sacrifice to be here. Lord, just lead us, guide us today. Open the word to us in your precious name. Amen. You may be seated. Now I just you know in this it's not like some super great revelation but as we will look at this my brother and sister I just uh the way it struck me in the beginning God created not the earth and the heaven but the heaven and the earth and there's a place that we're going and what is that called? Heaven. Amen. So God created the heaven in the very beginning and he gave it there and he he come the earth itself without form and void and darkness was on it and God stirred upon it. He he come and he hovered over it just as brother Brandham talks about the Holy Spirit hovering over a son or daughter of God you might say incubating them bringing them forth and how that it is and and he said let there be light and there was light and my brother and sister what has come is the gospel of Jesus Christ to you and I that is the light of the world. Amen. We have a son out here that's well but the light that really matters the most to us is the light of the gospel. He's brought that light to us. Amen. And when it come and he spoke that light into our life, we're not looking at the world out here and its creation tonight. We are looking uh uh to to just what God has done for us. Just listening to the prophet uh a couple days ago and he makes a statement that I thought was good and he said, "I just I'm going to preach to Christians." Amen. So, we're not we're not worried about the the the uh unsaved out there. We're not worried about, you know, everything else that's going on in the world. We can make a big deal about the current pope and all kinds of wars and rumors of wars, but really what we're looking at is the fact that God said there would be light. And that light has come to you and I. Amen. And when it come, God saw that the light was good. It did exactly what he sent it to do. And he divided the light from the darkness. So we're not here now as Christians stumbling in this world saying I hope I think maybe so my emotions tell me but the light has been separated. Darkness has been pushed to the side and the light has come to you and I. And I say these are fairly simple words but they hold such power for you and I today because as God speaks my brother and sister now just bounce back to creation for just a moment. When God speaks, all the elements were commanded to respond. There wasn't a single element that said, you know, I think I'll withhold myself. There was everything subject to the word. And when God speaks in this hour, my brother and sister, to sons and daughters of God, the word has come, it's come with authority. Every element must obey the word. Amen. Now, Satan would like us to believe that he could defy the Holy Spirit, that he could defy the blood of Jesus Christ. But we know better than that. The word is powerful. Amen. The two-edged sword and the blood of Jesus Christ is so powerful, my brother and sister, as a prophet of God taught us about the ink and the the and the bleach. My brother and sister, the blood of Jesus Christ takes that and it's not just that it disappeared, but it breaks it down to the base element and puts it right back into creation. Amen. The very thing God called it out of, it sends it right back into that. And we know, and I say thank you, Lord, that everything must respond to that voice. We're in a day that we of all people should know the power of the voice. Amen. and it comes and and we see and and I I want to be sufficiently vague, but I'll just say that uh this last Sunday we had a visitor in the back. Uh and uh by God's grace, we we'll hopefully see her again. And you know, this is just an evidence of of how that when God starts a work, he makes a call, all the elements, are you with me? All the elements must respond and do as they're commanded. You can say, "But what about the background? What about history?" Or what about this or what about that? My brother or sister, when the voice speaks, Amen. Every element that there is must respond to that. And by God's grace and his mercy, Amen. There's something Brother Brandham brought it out. You might say very simplistic. And and uh I like that that it's simplistic because when it comes out that way, you don't have to get like a theologian. I've been doing just a little bit of research just uh using the internet just to do and and you just type in some basic things uh and the internet brings its response and then there's all kinds of theologians that weigh in on these topics, you know, uh and what is the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Can women be pastors? Uh can divorced men be pastors? And it's so amazing that you look at this and and uh men that used to be in days gone by, they they stood solid for for their denomination, but they stood solid on these things in the gospel. And I listened to one the other day. If I spoke the name, you would say, "We've heard this name." And sat there and listened to it. And I'll sum it up by someone's comment that they made at the end of that. They said, "That is the best uh job of dodging the truth I've ever seen in my life." Amen. But you see what's happened, my brother and sister. They are fulfilling what they were created for. Amen. It sounds harsh. It sounds very direct, but you can't, as the old man said, you can't be what you ain't. That's right. And so there it is that we'll see that. So we see God's got a created place for us. And so really, what place that we will be placed in defines who we are. Amen. And so you we're not going to find as the song says, we're not going to have a complainers's bench and Achen's not going to be there and the unbelievers not going to be present and the doubters and all of these things. My brother and sister, the destination that God has created or fixed for you and I tells who we are. Amen. Because God makes no mistakes. Amen. And so when we look at this, let me back up for just a little here. We see that everything must respond to that voice no matter what the circumstance surrounding them. We have such beautiful examples in scripture mostly focused about sisters in the Old Testament that we see the woman at the well. There was no uh theological explanation to her because God had created her to receive that word. Amen. She was there as a daughter of God and the word was already has a place or a residence to come to. Amen. And when the word come, there was something in her soul that said, "That's what I'm looking for." Amen. And as it was with Hadtie Wright, uh, as as brother Andrew was preaching, it just touched me. I thought, you know, just as it was with Hadty Wright, all through scripture, we've had the Hattie rights. Amen. Maybe not the exact word, but it's there. Woman at the well. She could have very well said that's nothing but the truth. Amen. And use those very words. And and we see Rahab. I'm I've always been uh just, you might say, captivated by Rahab because here she is. Now, there are some I've come across some some studies where they say, "Oh, no. Rahab was not." And when we were in Israel, our guide was saying, "No, no, they've misunderstood. Rahab was not a harlot. My brother and sister, the word of God is the word of God. And if the word of God says she was a harlot, then we'll stand on the fact that she was a harlot. But God had created in Raab, amen, that desire and that need for the word. And he already created, you might say, the space for the word to come down into her. We call it the seed, but just bear with me when I use this example. The space was already there for the word to come and land in her. And a promised place for her to go to was already created for her. Amen. She wasn't there battling her way to become who God called her to be. She was what God called her to be and that was already prepared. And that applies to you and I today. And so everything must respond to that voice. Now David writes in the Psalms. It's it's very good. Amen. It gives such a clear picture. Psalm 104. Now, it's a very lengthy reading, so we're just going to kind of go through it. Uh, verses 1-35, but I I just want to take out of this that there was, my brother and sister, an example right here as David is speaking. It's talking about God's achievement. Amen. He's there, that he is a blesser of the soul. Amen. He's very great. He's clothed with honor and majesty who covers himself with light as with a garment. So this very light that God created called out in the beginning now comes and covers as a garment. Oh, praise God. We're not just hearing the truth. We're not just hearing the message preached and saying, "Oh, we're walking in the light. The light has become our covering." It is who we are. Amen. and as it is as with a garment which stretches the heavens like a curtain. So when we really, my brother and sister, have the gospel, the Lord Jesus Christ, we have that relationship. There's many ways we can express it, but when we have that literally verse two is us. That's right. It is who we are. And who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters maketh the clouds his chariot. Who walk upon the wings of the wind. who maketh his angels spirits and his ministers of flaming fire. Who laid the foundations of the earth that it should not be removed forever. Thou coverest it with the deep as with a garment. The waters stood above the mountains at thy rebuke. Amen. The voice when it spoke the waters, my brother, which covered everything, the waters had to respond. Amen. And there we look at that. At the voice of thy thunder, they hasted away. And I think you catch this. We we won't spend the time to go through every verse, but my brother and sister, it's right here. He puts the springs and the and the valleys and the water comes and it it comes to supply to quench the thirst. And it's here that the rivers of living water are coming down amongst the bride of Christ in this day to quench her thirst. And if there ever was a time, my brother and sister, that there's a thirst becoming evident in the people. Now, we weren't there in in in the early times, the other ages, but my brother and sister, we're looking at a time right now that the thirst, people desiring when the prophet of God said that people would try to satisfy that thirst with almost anything out here. We're seeing that today. And yet, to a son or daughter of God, that world out there cannot satisfy that thirst. Amen. Satan would like to drive them off the edge, but God is calling them back into his flock into his people. And so without uh I would give it to you as homework if you wouldn't mind just to read all the way through 104. Uh it it just so beautiful of how that uh God does this. And we'll see uh verse 16, the trees of the Lord are full of sap, the cedars of Lebanon which is planted. And that when I read that, it reminds me as it is, who told the sap to go to the roots? Who told the sap to come and produce the leaves, bring life back into the tree in the springtime? Who told to do that? This is the power and the majesty of the creation of our God. Amen. And when he can make it, now I know this is not a very good uh uh comparison in one sense, but if God can tell nature how to control itself, how to respond, how could we Amen. Now, we'll touch on this, so don't misunderstand my words at the moment. But how can we people that God created for this day? Amen. How can we even doubt what God has in store and the planning of our life? how perfect everything in our life is because he has orchestrated it. He's the one that's put it in motion. He's the one that said this is what will happen and this is where it will go and this is their final destination. Amen. Now, if we have a final destination, now this is something a little off the side. Excuse me. But you know, one of the things that that just uh frustrates me, if that would even be a fair word to use, is people trying to get you to quit the message. Amen. But they don't have anywhere to send you to. Right? They want to call you out, but they have nowhere. They want to send you back to a wilderness. Amen. They want to send you back to the tables full of vomit. Amen. They want to send you back to all the nonsense that God delivered once. And so you recognize what those spirits are. Amen. Those are not just misguided men. That is a demonic spirit that is trying to separate you from the presence of God. And so, yeah, we could get sidetracked there, but we won't. Amen. Amen. You know, verse 34, he says, "My meditation of him shall be sweet. I will be glad in the Lord." And that should be something that we today meditate on him. And you know uh you can be a sour puss and uh when you start thinking about the things of God and thinking about the presence of God and you start talking about the presence of God and he comes draws nigh unto us and it brings uh this meditation becomes very sweet. The presence of God when we talk to him just such a calming effect my brother and sister just such a powerful effect that comes and talk about being glad. You get sit down and you talk about the word of God. You talk about the things of God and you'll find yourself getting up and walking away happy. Amen. What a change. Amen. Now, I'd like to go just kind of bouncing my way through this into the uh resume of the ages. Now, we'll look at this real quick here. Remember, while Jesus was upon the earth, so was Judas. Amen. So that day wasn't free of spirits. That day wasn't free of influence. Amen. Judas was present and he had an influence. I've often wondered maybe we have a maybe we have an answer for that and I've just missed it. But you know when Judas fell, I wonder if he took some of his followers with him. I I would personally think that he did. people would have been looking maybe to Judas more than really to Jesus. Amen. Just as it is. And the reason I feel that way is we live in this age. And that's the way the spirit works. People don't they don't come often. People come. Brother Brandham said it. He said, "I'm afraid that we're getting people to church and not to Christ." Amen. So, you know, Judas, I think, would have had a following. And uh each came with a different spirit. And on upon death, each went to his own place. Now hold that as a little significant factor. The spirit of Christ later came back upon the true church and the spirit of Judas came back upon the false church. Now I want you to just reach out and grab this for a second. The fact that each one as it were at that stage had a destination. They had a place and a purpose. And so as Judas comes back upon the false church, it is right there in Revelation 6:2 to8. And I saw and behold a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. And when he had opened the second seal, now let's let me stop. I got a note here, and I'm skipping right over my own note. Let's look at this. Conquering and to conquer. Hold that in your thought. We'll come and bounce off of that in just a minute. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, "Come and see." And there went out another horse that was red, and power was given to him that set to take peace from the earth, that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast come uh third beast say, "Come and see." And I beheld, and lo, a black horse, and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts, say, A measure of wheat for a penny, three measures of barley for a penny, and see that that thou hurt not the oil and the wine. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard a voice of a fourth beast say, Come and see. And I looked, and behold, a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him. And the power was given him over the fourth part of the earth to kill with the sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. See how that Judas spirit came back as a rider on a white horse. My without the word coming, the gospel coming to you and I and preparing the ground, my brother and sister, we would read this with a with a theological mind, with an educated mind, and we would say a white horse is pure. And we would be giving the devil the opening just as the world will because they believe that he's coming as their savior and he is coming as their curse. Amen. So you see how this is and he said it was white so close to the real just as Judas was so close to Jesus. A crown was given to him white horse rider. How that was spirit was now in the leader of the nicicoatan system and he was triple crowned pope who set as god in his temple calling himself the vicer of Christ. Now when you take this my brother and sister maybe I'll just read the next line then we'll do. If the victor of Christ means instead of Christ or in place of or on behalf of God then the pope was calling himself the Holy Ghost or disposing the Holy Ghost acting for him. Now when we look at prophecy that has come to pass my brother and sister let's not get too carried away of the interpretation of it. It is another factor, another prophecy that has come. It's another piece you might say of this spiritual puzzle, right? It is not the endgame of everything. It is God preparing us, giving us the warning that we are getting very, very close to the end. Amen. Now as 3 minutes till midnight uh all those years ago we are right there watching the second hand ticking itself right down to strike the note. Amen. Now we've been in Europe, you know, been privileged to be there and in some of those cities when the clock tower my everybody knows when it hits the time. Amen. It's not a secret little hidding of time. But yet now the rapture is going to be a secret catching away. But every evidence of it, my brother and sister, is like a great gong going off. It is a great thing because it is the deliverance of the bride and it is the opening of judgment to the world. Amen. To those that unbelie or unbelievers. Amen. Then the pope was calling himself the Holy Ghost or disposing the Holy Ghost acting for him. That was the Judas spirit in him doing that. See how he conquered going forth conquering and to conquer. Christ did not do that. The only ones that came to him were already predestinated by the father. Amen. In other words, the creation. Now, just let me just word it this way. Please don't judge me by the exact sequence of it. But my brother and sister, God already before the foundation of the world created a place for us to go. Amen. And he also prepared us to go there. Amen. So, heaven was made for us. Amen. But we're not, as we'll deal with this in another quote here in a minute, my brother and sister, we were created to occupy that space right there. And God created heaven, amen, for us to be there. Isn't that a beautiful coming together? Just as it is, there is no marriage if there is not a man and a woman. Amen. There is no marriage if there's no commitment. There's no marriage, my brother and sister, if it doesn't produce fruit. Amen. Now, I'm not talking about children. And I'm talking about the relationship of this. Uh if you have cold formal relationship, it's not a marriage in spite of a piece of paper. A cold formal relationship does not produce what God intended. So therefore, it ultimately is a failure. But when we come in the right atmosphere, the right spirit and and put the right things in the right place, it produces a life that is beautiful. It is there. The prophet of God taking this in so many words. I know I heard it recently. I couldn't find it, but his there my brother and sister, you see, God was God's desire was for a bride. And so he brought about and and if I don't have the words quite exactly right this evening, forgive me. But God found created a bride for himself. Amen. He didn't just randomly go out and and just go, I hope this one will be my bride. I hope this one will be my bride. But he knew us from before the foundation of the world and said, "This is my bride." That ought to make us happy. We have purpose here. We have a place here. We have a place we can stand and know that we are in God's will, in God's favor. We are in his mind. Amen. And so that just makes my heart so happy. Amen. Okay, let me get back to where I was at. Come to him. were already predestinated by the father. And so on and on went that spirit. And one day it will become truly incarnate in a man who will head up the world council of churches just as we've been saying. And by his gold remember Judas held the bag. He will control the whole world. Let me tell you, maybe you don't pay attention. I just on a superficial level pay attention to the economics of the world because they're a time piece. They're also a sign and they're talking about the bond market is right on a verge of having a breakdown. Now, the prophet showed us very clearly that the Jews hold the paper and Rome holds the gold, my brother and sister. And I'm telling you, the paper is not worth anything if there isn't something to back it up. Amen. And so we're headed right to the very words, not just a pope from America, my brother and sister. We're headed right to the fulfillment of these things. And we can look at that and get nervous and we can get anxious. Or we can look at this and say that cannot come to fulfillment till the words concerning the bride come to fulfillment. And when the words come to fulfillment concerning the bride, she's not even here. When those things take place, will you feel the heat, the friction, everything? Yes, you'll no doubt feel the heat and the friction. Amen. But when it collapses, when it goes, Brother Brandham brings us a very scriptural example that we're there and Joseph's wife was in the house. Amen. I say thank you, Lord, that we have a house to go to. Amen. Amen. We're not in the wilderness. We're not out under a bush somewhere. The word shows us clearly we're in his house. Amen. Hallelujah. And he'll control the whole world. And that antichrist system will own everything and try to control everybody. But Jesus will come back and destroy them all when the brightness of his coming and their end will be the lake of fire. But what about the true seed? Amen. Look, we have four long paragraphs here, but we get right down in the summation of this. What about the true seed? It will happen just as we have said. The people of God are being Amen. made ready. Yes, sir. Now, when you look through this and study those words right there, they are being formed. Praise God. You're that block of granite that Michelangelo started cutting away. and we said, "Well, we're the son or or the daughter of, you know, our our parents, grandparents. We're But you see, God's chipping all of that away. We're no longer sit here and go, I'm hoping I I'm the bride of Christ." We have a confidence that comes from the word that is telling us, "You are my wife." Amen. Oh, what a relationship, my brother and sister. How would it be for a wife to to get up every day with a question mark? Am I really Am I really his wife? Amen. Sister Jerry and I used to kind of joke about it because the preacher forgot to mail in our marriage license for the longest time. And and uh you know, they used to bug us about it a little bit like we're not sure they accepted it, so we don't know if you're married or not. But I'll tell you, my brother and sister, not once through the years have they come along and said that she is not my wife. Amen. So, it's there that the confidence to know who we are. But it's also on God's part that he said, "I'm going to create this and carve this out and form this to make myself a wife." Amen. A bride. Amen. How beautiful to look what the message is. It's not just about the doctrines of of the seals and the thunders and the vials and and all of these things. It's not just about those things like that, my brother and sister, but it's about a bride who realizes that she has been handcrafted by the Holy Ghost to be the wife of Jesus Christ. Handcrafted by the word in this hour. Not a randomness, not a not a, you know, throw a little here and throw a little there. You know, Brother Brandham talks about, you know, the firemen, uh, the little town firemen, you know, and they're out there. Uh, squirt a little here. Oh, squirt a little there, squirt a little over here. Then he talks about how when the firemen from the big city come, the captain stood out there and said, "This is that. Do this. Do that." And pretty soon the fire is out. Holy Ghost didn't come to church to talk about social programs and come about welfare programs and talk about this kind of program and that kind of program and when we're going to have sport night and what we're going to do to supply the money for the equipment for sport night and oh, aren't we gracious? Aren't we blessed? God's doing all this. No, my brother and sister, he come as the chief captain and said, "You need to be born again. You need to have an experience that is real. So, you need to get in the word. If you don't eat natural food, you starve to death. Amen. Not long ago, there was a woman that for years has been uh eating uh alalfa sprouts and all this kind of stuff. You may know the story a little bit. And and she she just come and uh she passed away here recently. And uh they did some analysis. I don't know, maybe an autopsy, whatever it would be. And uh she literally starved to death. a willful because she was afraid to eat anything. This is not good for me. This is not good for me. This is not good for me. You know, and there was somebody, it sounded like they were medical. They said, you know what, she'd have lived longer if she just ate candy bars than she did for what she's eating. Amen. But yet, we're not called just to live on the sweets. We're called to eat the real meat of the gospel. Amen. To really dig in. And the meat of the gospel has to be revealed to us. It is not something that we can come and say, "I'm just going to study my way into a rapture." It's a revelation. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, help me. Where was I? Got all excited and sidetracked myself. The only ones, yes, Christ did not do that. The only ones that came to him were already predestinated by the father. And so on and on with the spirit and one day will become truly incarnate in a man who will head up the world council of churches just as we have been saying his goal. Remember Judas held the bag. He will control the whole world. That antichrist system will own everything and try to control everybody. We're headed there saints. Amen. They're passing religious laws all over the world about how, when, where, and whether you know what you can do. Amen. But Jesus will come back and destroy them with the brightness of his coming. What about the true seed? It'll come just as we have said. The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth. Not just church, but word of truth from a messenger to this age. in her will be the fullness of Pentecost. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. That is thus saith the Lord. Now, let's be just uh almost contrarians for just a moment if you don't mind. My brother and sister, we're going to be, you know, brother Brandham's the one that preached the trial. So, I feel like we can we can look at this and shine the spotlight on this. Can we find one thing that we could look at and say this is not happening? Would he be guilty of enlarging upon the calling of Elijah in this day? Would he be guilty of exaggeration? Would he be guilty of misrepresentation? I don't believe we can find one drop of evidence to support that. Anyone can fabricate evidence. Anyone can say, "I did what they said. I did what he did. I listened. I did all that. Nothing happened." But you see, when you go in with a negative, you're going to come out with a negative. Amen. You can't put the jumper cables on the wrong terminal and expect it to charge it when you're putting power in the ground. Amen. And the ground will never you uh uh release the power to to start your engine unless something is hooked up correctly. Amen. So it's there if we come with a negative attitude. Amen. You know the man come to brother Brandham says, you know, brother Brandham, you said I was healed. And brother Brandham turns around. He doesn't say, "Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Um I I don't know. Maybe my faith or this wasn't." No. What? Brother Brandham turn around. See, people don't like this direct approach. They want to find someone to blame it on. They don't want to have to stand and look in a spiritual mirror. Brother Brandham said, he says, "Brother Brandon, you said I was healed." Brother Brandham turns right to him and says, "And you said you believed." That's right. They see it puts it right back where it really should be. Now, some people don't like that. They want to find a reason why they couldn't hold on to the word. They want to find a reason that that that this didn't take place. And and so, they're looking at this. But I'm telling you my brother and sister, God's achievement in this hour is he has a people. There is a people sitting right here tonight, maybe even listening here tonight. That is God's achievement because in his creation of the word of our bride coming forth of what he said we would be. And when he spoke the word, the elements come together and created you. Amen. Even though you didn't come to a natural birth yet, you still was right there. And not one attribute of mother or father would have stopped you from fulfilling the word of God for the day. Amen. Now let's look look how important it is to recognize and claim our position. Let's talk about Mary for a moment. Mary's response translated that's nothing but the truth as the words come out of her mouth and were recorded be it unto me according to thy word see what happened my brother and sister God's choosing of Mary formed her into a young lady maybe, you know, they they've some religions have turned her into almost angelic being, but remember the word showed it's right there plain in the scripture and brother Brown clarifies it. She had to have the Holy Ghost. She had to have a new birth. Amen. She didn't get a freebie just because she was the incubator for Jesus Christ. She had to receive the word. But look at this. God not only at from her birth, well before her birth, but coming up, Mary was being formed to be that young woman that would stand there confronted as it were by an angel. And instead of screaming and running away, this is terrifying. She holds a conversation and she's able by faith from her soul to be able to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Amen. my brother and sister, redemption. Now, it couldn't stop the plan of God. But if Mary had said, "No way. I didn't sign up for this." Amen. See how it would have disrupted the plan of God. But God's planning is so perfect. He had already formed in Mary the desire to say, "Be it unto me." And I say today, that same supernatural forming that took place in Mary has already taken place in you and I. We are sitting here today of the word of the hour, the challenge of our day to be able to say be it unto me. When the prophet of God said this bride will have to be perfect, then we are here saying I got so many flaws. I can't be perfect. I can't do this. I can't overcome. But God has already formed in us an ability to say, "Be it unto me, Lord. Let it come to pass in my life. Whatever your word has required of me, let it come to pass in my life. Hallelujah. And you see what it come down to. Now, this is a greater picture. So, please don't get too critical of looking at it because that it's too complex for Paul's brain. I just have to believe it. Amen. I have to just take a hold of it. But you see, Amen. What Mary did was accepted God's choice for her. Amen. And really to make it simple today, this is not all about I'm predestinated. I'm this. I'm that. That I understand. I just accept God's choice. Yeah. Amen. Lord, be it unto me. I accept what you've called me to be. My brother and sister, you see, our God is so great that if there had been a chance that Mary said, "I'm sorry. I can't fulfill that." It wouldn't have stopped the plan of redemption. God already had plan. But you see, God's plans are perfect. In other words, I I don't want to use any of you examples. I'll use myself. If it come to the point I said, you know, I just can't serve you, Lord. I I just can't do this. I I I I just I can't do this. You see, God would already know that. Y remember the little story people say, "Well, we don't know for certain." But remember brother Brown talking about the man that on the garage and uh I think he was a minister also in the car for no known reason the lift collapses and kills him. Brother Brandham lays this out that was God's way of keeping him from transgressing. Took his life. See God's plan is perfect. He wasn't going to let that soul become a Judas. That's right. So Judas had to be Judas. Amen. And Judas could not have been Christ. Amen. Amen. And when we see what God will do, he will preserve his plan perfectly. And we're here amongst the living today, my brother and sisters. So God's plan is preserved perfect here today in spite of this flesh. In spite of, not because of, in spite of. Amen. So Mary accepts this. And it was there she says, "I not about the baby." Do you understand that? Mary's not accepting, "Oh, I'm going to have a baby without having known a man." She's not accepting that. She's accepting God's plan. Having baby is part of the plan, but redemption coming to her and her claiming her position even so much that Jesus points the disciples and tells them there's your mother. That's right. That's how that's how far when she accepted that all those years before. That's how far it brought her into the plan of God that God would point to her and say, "Mother, son, son, mother." There it is. Mary been prepared for this. Now, look at this. She was predestinated. Amen. And look at this bride. She's chosen. She's predestinated. She's called. She is. And you see what it is is the whole time because every one of us born in sin and shaped in iniquity. The whole time God has formed in us an ability to say yes Lord. Yes Lord. Be it unto me Lord. My brother and sister, in a world full of sin and influence like this world is, that is a supernatural event that takes place daily. That's right. Daily. That's right. Amen. Now the 23rd psalm you see looking at things from this angle that I have been 23rd psalm you know is is basically just this uh reaffirming uh of kind of what it kind of has helped mold my thought. You see when you stand there and you make a declaration not I think the Lord is my shepherd. No, it is there something that has been spoken with confidence uh confl confidence and absolute. The Lord is my shepherd. Amen. I almost wish we could just take the the uh words and make the my you know five times bigger you know as an emphasis. I shall not want. Y he maketh me to lie down in green pastures. Now my brother and sister, we would look at that and say maketh me is not an image of God dragging us along by a collar. You know, having having a a noose around our neck pulling us, he maketh me to do this or or you know, as we stand there, he he kicks a knee out from under you so you collapse down. No, he's not making it. All took place in the heart. Every bit of this was already formed into the heart. And he leadeth me beside the still waters. That means Christ's with you. Amen. He's not somewhere else asking you to go it alone. And he restoreth my soul. And certainly I tell you in the world we live in today in the pressures. I need a restoration every single day. And I believe you would say amen with me. Amen. And he leads me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. and and how beautiful these things are because that puts Christ with us as a constant companion all the time. Amen. All the time. And yay for I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. You know, it was many years ago, so I don't mean to make it sound like it was yesterday or something, but you know, I remember very vividly the first time that that scripture really, really spoke to me, really just reached out and grabbed me. And I walked through the valley of the shadow of death. always like why would God take us down into such a chaotic uh vicious uh whatever but it's just a shadow and all the shadow tells you wherever there is a shadow there has to be light present so he's walking with us but yet he's present above us amen he's surrounding it the shadow well we're living in the shadow of death right now my brother and sister we're living in a world we we have a you know government that is saying you know this could be World War three and uh certainly we know by prophecy it'll be coming to that. So there's that shadow over there. But we're the bride of Jesus Christ and we're not called to have fear. We're not called to fear evil. Amen. And so thou art with me. Thy rod, thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies, which that was fulfilled today, in case you don't know. Amen. And yesterday, and will be fulfilled once again tomorrow. Amen. Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runth over. Now my brother and sister, if we are here, and I use if as a phrase, if we are here filled with the Holy Ghost, Amen. then we are here anointed with oil. And if we are here living as God's called us to live, our cup is going to be running over. Does that mean that we won't have challenges and we won't in the flesh struggle? Oh, my brother and sister, we will. But I tell you, he come because he said, "I restore your soul." We can stumb each day. And in just a moment of time, a a reading or hearing uh just change the whole atmosphere, the whole world around us. Amen. And I I love verse six also. And we'll move on. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. Prophesy that over your own life. Prophesy that over your wife and your children, your husband, and your families. uh that surely goodness and mercy shall follow all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Now David had a glimpse my brother and sister he had a glimpse of eternity right there. That was not just oh for the length of my life but he was saying you know what I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever and as eternal beings God had to create an eternal place for you forever otherwise it would have an extinguish coming to halt. I had eternal life until you see the world troubles, criticizes, makes light of come across theologians saying well the ministry they were at least respectful to brother Brandham is incorrect because hell is eternal. But look at the simplicity that a prophet brought it to us. If hell was eternal, even in torment, those people would have eternal life. How simple. Such utter simplicity. So simple people can't grasp it. That's exactly right. Let us never be that complicated. Now let's go on into the influence of another. I just need to to keep going. What kind of a covering do we need? We could pause right there and really think about it. What kind of covering do we need? A religious cloak? Theology? We could have a lot of coverings. They had to be covered. I want to say this right now. The blood of Jesus Christ is all sufficient. See, Christ never died for them saraphans. Now, as I always say, and I just want to say it again, they're right here. Even those on the internet, you can look it up. You can find the paragraph. You can find this and and get the full context of it. See, Christ never died for them saraphins. No. No. But they were created beings. He never died for angels. He died for sinners. Uh-huh. He never died for holy people. He died for unholy. And as long as you think you're holy, he never done you no good. When you realize you're nothing, then he died. He died for you. See, then you realize you're nothing. Then he was the one uh you was the one he died for. God is all holy. There is nothing to him but holiness. That's all purity. Amen. Where are we going to come to purity on our own? But you see, he created the whole avenue to come down that he declared to us, you're righteous because I'm righteous. You're holy because I'm holy. And he created in you and I the ability that even dealing with this flesh every single day in our best days, we're still dealing with this flesh. And he's created in us an ability that when we hear we can be righteous because he's righteous. And our response is, "Be it unto me." Amen. Let that come to pass. I say, "Amen, Lord. I will be holy. I will be righteous because you are righteous." And the word has created in me a desire and a longing. And I'm holding to this promise of the word that when you come as the prophet says in opening of the seventh seal that he comes it's Christ in you the hope of glory and you have to come. Now look my brother and sister I don't want to get political. Amen. But look at this. There's people that claim this message that don't believe that we are there. Yeah. Now, when you look at that and realize how can they claim that possession, that position, if Christ is not in them, that's right. If they're not in the open word, if they are not eating the book, if they do not have that of eating the flesh, eat my flesh, drink my blood, when they don't come, they can't come there because they're not having ability to recognize to to be a real believer. They have to have that in their life. That's right. They just can take the words. That's right. But I'll tell you, there comes a day that the words like the law is nothing but death. That's right. It takes a spirit to give life. That's right. And when the spirit anoints these words, my brother and sister, the bride lives. She grows and she has she has strength to uh uh deal with the day and and go forward. So these these seraraphims, they were created beings. And he never died for angels. He died for sinners. Never died for holy people. He died for unholy. And as long as you think you're holy, you he never done you no good. But when you realize, oh, thank you, Lord, for the realization. When you realize you're nothing, then he died. He died for you. See, when you realize that you're nothing, then he is. You was the one he died for. Amen. Oh man, I tell you that just stirs my heart to realize that. Oh, sorry. Pardon my way of expressing it. But God could cut all of you out of the picture and I can stand here and believe he died just for me. That's exactly right. Amen. My That's right. That could be taken with a very selfish approach, right? Or it could be taken in its utter simplicity that God deemed it that just for me he would have went to Calvary just for me. Don't have to have a whole crowd, a whole multitude. Doesn't have to have all the message believers on the earth and all of those in days gone by. I didn't have to have all of those. He went and died for me. Oh, I tell you, it just stirs my heart when we catch the nuance of that to realize I'm nothing and he still died just for me. Oh, God is all holy. There's nothing to him but holiness. That's all purity. You see, we had to have that place in us that he put there. Amen. I'm using the word created. I believe you follow me. He created that space for us to be able to say, "I'm holy tonight. I'm holy tonight. I'm pure tonight. I'm righteous tonight." But all of that is in him. But you also have to believe that he's made a propitiation for you to be in him. My brothers and sisters, it's not just I believe God sent a prophet. There's so many things that we have come. But you see, God prepared us to be able. You see, Judas believed Jesus was the Christ. But he got all discouraged because he was sure that Jesus was going to conquer the Romans, restore the land, was going to do all of this. All the wealth of the Romans was going to flow to them. And Judas had the bag. And Judas liked the idea that one of these days I'm going to be the secretary of the treasury. I'm going to be right up there and set in the cabinet. But it didn't happen the way he thought because what had been placed in him was a Judas spirit. And you say, "But that's his name." But the spirit is identified. Yeah, that Judah spirit just like alcohol that spirit is connected to alcohol, right? An alcoholic is caught by alcoholic spirit. So you look at that that Judas type spirit had caught him already and he had conceived what he thought it was going to be. But look at the utter simplicity that God placed in the bride of Christ. She believes the word. She believes what God has sent through a prophet to speak in this hour. She believes that. She doesn't have to understand every drop of it. She doesn't have to be able to write it out, give a thesis, be able to stand up in front of the church and explain it all in detail. She just believes it. And the prophet of God over and over and over the mantra of the song that he chose, only believe, my brother and sister, only study it out. Only research it. No, only believe. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me hurry along right here. You see the word come to reveal the place that the believer was made for. That's right. So God's giving us a very clear vision. Prophet goes beyond the curtain of time. It wasn't the Aahes. It wasn't dry, dusty sage brush and cacti. It was a beautiful place far off in the heavens somewhere. No, no. It's actually going to take place right here. A renovation is going to take place. The remodel like mankind has never seen. Amen. In a moment, the earth in a flash and a bang, burnt over. And the very seeds that God testified or placed in the beginning, the very light that he placed in the beginning, the very water he placed in the beginning, all of that is going to come. See, when the prophet of God says it's taking you back to the original, my brother and sister, it's not just taking us back in word form to the original, which we will because we are the word. That's right. Amen. We have become the word. That's right. But it will also be the seed that was sown here on the earth will come back. And that's why brother Brandham could stand and say now a heaven. He's up there in in uh uh BC up north in in the Rockies up there and he tells those brothers, "Heaven looks a lot like this." Yeah. Amen. If we don't understand that, we'd be thinking, "Wait, I thought heaven was people with halos floating around." Yeah. Oh my. You see, we'll get right down to a quote and we'll call it quits here. Yeah. See, heaven was made for you, the bornag again believer, and your soul was made for heaven. Amen. Amen. The eternity. Amen. Eternal coming from the mind of God. You were already made eternal. Amen. See, we have these ideas that I I'm going to labor. I'm going to struggle and I'm going to do this work and I'm going to be good and faithful and I'm going to do all of this so I can find eternal life to realize by the word itself showing us we already are eternal life. We are manifesting it here now and we cannot be lost. Now, if God said that uh I'm sorry I I just lost you. I couldn't do that. Then it would violate his own word. Amen. And God will never fail on his own words. So my brother and sister, if we believe that we are predestinated, can we can we just agree we're predestinated tonight? Amen. If we believe that we are predestinated, then we sit here, stand here, whatever tonight, eternal life is already in us. Amen. Because God is taking us right back to the beginning. Now, in the message of the rapture, today our last great reformation was Pentecost. And today, we're moving from that. And the Pentecostal message won't mix with this. Now, see what brother Brown's doing? A lot of people believe we're still and right in this very message are preaching that we've got to go back to Pentecost. But the prophet is telling us here, we've moved beyond this. Amen. And and the Pentecostal me won't mix with this because it's another day. It's all the word of God, but it's building like feet, arms coming up. It's forming a bride for the rapture. The bride's not just going to say, "I believe God sent a prophet." and go in a rapture, my brother and sister. But she's being formed. She's being sent through the flood. She's being sent through the fire. She's being proved by the word. Amen. And God is forming us. Imagine what everybody thought when Michelangelo was a chip chip here and a chip chip there. They must have thought, "What is what is he looking at?" But see, he didn't look at what he saw. He looked at what he knew was there. And aren't you glad God's not looking at what he sees. He's looking what he knows is there. Amen. Hallelujah. See, don't don't displace them people back there. They lived to their message. All of them will come out that was in the bride. I kind of included that. Let's see. We got to be careful that we don't say, "Well, we have the cutting edge of revelation in the message by God's grace and everybody else." It doesn't work that way. There's some of these people that have been marginalized around the message. Oh, they just too Pentecostal. They don't have the revealed word. I'm talking about oldfashioned Pentecostals and and that you know, oh that no, my brother and sister, they live their word. Let's live our word. Amen. Let let's not push anybody down and let's just live our word that's revealed here. Okay, let me keep going here. Quotes, quotes, quotes. I don't normally like to do this many, but these just all reached out. Amen. The mighty conqueror. Amen. Now look at this. And then we when we go out of this earth, when we die and are going into another type of body, that's not the kind of body we wasn't made for heaven. Yeah, this could confuse some people I know because of things they've, you know, positions they've taken. We were made for earth. We're earthn people. And do you remember in the Bible souls under the altar crying how long? And they were crying to get back to a body again. Shake one another's hands and eat and fellowship. That's what we were made. That's how what we were made for. And when they have a sign there that they're going back, what is it? The corporal body of the Lord Jesus Christ sitting on the throne of God. And when we pass by that one, if we go today and we don't come for a hundred years and I meet you there, I'll say someday we're going back. Amen. So the prophet of God's telling us if I pass from this life and a hundred years goes by, I'll be able to tell you we're going back. Yeah. Now, where are we going back to? In a lot of people's minds, they're in heaven. There's nowhere to go. They've already walking on the streets of gold. They're already No, my brother and sister, we sometimes got to just get a little clarity. See there, that body will rise from the throne again. It will come back to the earth. And when he does, every spirit that's born again. Here's the catch. Here's the caveat that that really does the separating. Every spirit that's born again will come back to a corporal body, young men and women, and live forever in the presence of God. And God created you to fulfill that. That's exactly Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. We weren't called to be angels. You know, that that is a doctrine passed through the message here, you know, 15 years or so ago, you know, oh, oh, we're angels. No, my brother and sister, the prophet clearly says, "We're not angels. We were made for this earth. The angels knew no sin, and we are sinners that have been saved by God's grace." Amen. His perfect grace. Amen. To save a perfect people. Oh, could we change that without changing the word? Revealed perfect people. Because really, it's the word that actually does the declaring of who we are. I can say myself over and over again, I'm a believer. I'm a believer. I'm a believer. But it's actually the word, God's achievement that proves we're believers. Amen. Sister Ruth, would you come? Amen. Sister Nessa. Amen. I tell you, it's uh I I've just uh barely scratched the surface when you start digging through these things. Amen. I would lift my hand tonight. Maybe you would choose to when you hear this. Lord, I desire to be all that you called me to be. Amen. I don't want to just fulfill a little portion of it. I want to be all that you called me to be, Lord. Amen. And I might not even recognize all that I am called to be. But if I come and fulfill what God has revealed to me faithfully, the word clearly shows us that the Lord will pour more in. It's like the Holy Ghost. People are worried about, oh, you know what? If I lose the Holy Ghost. Well, I'll tell you, my brother and sister, you can sit on it until it's stale, and you can talk about how when you were 15, you got the Holy Ghost, and now you're 65. It'll be stale by then. Or you can just pour it out with the promise that God will pour it back in and have a fresh anointing of the Holy Spirit in our lives day by day. I say, Lord, help us. Amen. The deep calling is pulling us into a different dimension. Hallelujah. The prophet shows us so clearly. It's just right here. That's right. It's just right here, saints. It's not a far off. It's not out there beyond the heavens somewhere in the galaxies. It's just right here. Let's live like our next step. Amen. Will take us to another dimensional. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just stand and sing a song or two if you don't mind. 196. In moments like these, hallelujah. And just uh thank the Lord in times like this. It just encourages my heart that we can just come and worship the Lord and and just realize I was called, you know, just as it was with Esther. Morai speaks to her. It was for this time. And we were called for this time. I say thank you, Lord. In moments like thee, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. [Music] singing [Music] I love you Lord. I love you Lord. again. I love you, Lord. I love you. In moments like these, how I sing out a [Music] song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my heart. I lift up my heart to the Lord. Sing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you. We'll ask our brother Isaac to lead us. 893, Brother Alex. Amen. God bless you. We love you, saints. Amen. The Lord be with you the rest of the week. Hallelujah. Father, I see that you're a drawing a line in the sand and I want to be standing on your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. Says my plea. Father, I see that you're a drawing. Is my plea. Let the worshippers arrive. But the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. A song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is a song. Song to our king. Let the worshippers arrive. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arrive. Let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to my king. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I couldn't help but want to sing, "Be it unto me." Amen. [Music] [Music] Be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises, I can stand secure. of upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word, oh Lord, be it unto me. Be it unto [Music] me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure. Carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word. Oh Lord, be it unto me. Be it unto me. according to your word. According to your promises, I can stand secure. Carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free. according to your word, O Lord, be it unto me. Amen. Hallelujah. Just as we dismiss tonight, I want to sing that little chorus. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice. Just tell them this evening as we get ready to go here. Amen. I love you Lord and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul rejoice. Take joy my [Music] king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, My [Music] king in what you hear may be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. God bless you. [Music] [Music]
