################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - June 8, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett My Sheep - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   June 8, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "My Sheep"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lypXzDf054
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Don't. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you this morning. Amen. You have to forgive me. got into something yesterday. Really bugging my allergies in my throat, but uh and do my best. Amen. Amen. It's good to be here. Praise the Lord. All right. Good. Good. Amen. I just want to start with number 214. I will bless thee, oh Lord. So we just come before him this morning. Amen. Start with verse two. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh my Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. With a heart of [Music] thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh my lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. [Music] I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. [Music] With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. With my mouth filled with praise. We're going to praise him this morning. Hallelujah. He's worthy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Number 820, please. Here I am to worship. [Music] Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Joy of a life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days. Oh, so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth. You cedated all for love's sake. became po. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. [Music] I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. We're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand. number 1064. Start with a chorus. Amen. Let's just lift our hands and praise him this [Music] morning. Here we are lifting our hands to [Music] you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise for every answered prayer. For always being there. For love that hears us when we call. For arms that lift us when we fall. Oh, you have always been right beside us, leading us all along the way. And we made it through. because of you. And here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise. For days we cannot see. For all that's yet to be the trials we may have to face. and we'll be leaning on your grave. It will be your strength that saves us. Your love that makes us strong. And through it [Music] all, we'll sing this song. And here we are, lifting our hands to you. Here we are, giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here living within our praise. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Give thanks. [Music] Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say, "I am strong." Let the poor say, "I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so thankful to him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And as we get ready to go to prayer this morning, I just had that little chorus on my heart. In everything, give him thanks. Amen. In everything give him thanks. [Music] Everything give him thanks. In the good times, praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. In everything give the King of Kings all the thanks. One more time in everything. Give him thanks. [Music] In everything, give him thanks. In the good times, praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. In everything, give the King of Kings all the [Music] things. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He is worthy. Amen. Amen. I'm going to ask our brother David as we go to prayer this morning, he just come take these needs before the Lord. I want to remember our brother Pashant and sister Koncha and little Isaac. Amen. Uh I want to hold our sister Alice up in prayer. She's down in Salt Lake doing that internship. Amen. I want to continue to hold our sister Dorcas up for healing this morning. Amen. Amen. For all of us out there with unsaved loved ones. Amen. Just want to hold each one of them up this morning, Lord. Amen. Um, our brother Dace, our brother Wayne, brother Adrian. Amen. Each one of them this morning. Uh, I want to pray for camp as camp's getting closer. Amen. Lord, just just want his will and his way in that. Amen. Amen. Um, want to remember my dad. He's um down in Mexico preaching some meetings down there for brother, I think. Michael Kano. Amen. So just uh hold him up in prayer. If you have a need this morning, just lift your hands to him. Amen. He's more than able. Brother David, if you want to [Music] come praise the Lord. How many can praise the Lord with me? Amen. Thank the Lord. We ought to give him praise. Is not he worthy of praise? Hallelujah. Is he not the creator? Has he not formed your body and put everything in order? Amen. Has he not saved you? Has he not healed you? Is he not here? Amen. Amen. Has he not ordained your steps? Yes. Has he not directed your path? Amen. Has he not known before the world began we would be right where we are this morning? Then let's praise him. Amen. Give him glory. Give him honor. He's worthy of it. Amen. [Music] I'm not going to apologize for what I said. You say, "You're just a preacher." That may be so, but I want you to know I love him with all my heart. Amen. Amen. He's worthy of all praise. Let's open our mouth and praise him whether you feel like it or don't. Amen. Let's praise him anyway. Glory to God. He brought us here. You didn't come in your own. He gave you the next breath. Yes. That's right. God help me. Amen. I want you to remember. I'm asking you to remember my aunt Dorothy. Mother's sister lives in Arizona. She's been put on hospice. Weak congestive heart failure is what they say. pray for life but also pray God's perfect will be done not only in her but in her family give them wisdom give them guidance brother sister God is the Lord if you have any other Lord repent before him right now there's anything before you that would stand in your way from honoring and worshiping the creator of heavens and earth and the universe and all that there is. He's ordained your way. He's ordained our steps. Let's give him thanks for what he promised. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads before you, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, our eternal salvation, our strength, you chose us. You chose us in yourself before the world began. Aren't you worthy enough of praise for that? We can't direct our own steps. We can do nothing without you. You put us in these bodies, but who are we but that soul realm that came with from you before the foundation of the world. We were in your thinking. You expressed us in a word and we are here Lord to worship you, to honor you, to give glory and honor to you. Move upon this people. Yes. We give you preeminence to do as you want to do to speak your word through your servant this morning. We're here to receive you, Lord. We're here to accept you. We bring these requests before you. They've been mentioned. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, let every one of those be ministered to and met according to your desire and perfect purpose. We call for life for those that are sick. We call for salvation. Lord, save those that are savable here this morning. Deliver us. Reveal your word to us, Lord. Amen. How can we honor worship if we know not who you are, where we're going, or what we're to do? Lord, we're asking for revelation. How did Abel know what to do and how to worship except by revelation, Lord. We are not of of the serpent seed. We are we are children of the king, the king of kings. We are your seed. We are your life, and we're here to praise you and give glory and give honor to you. Not only here in this assembly, but leaving here raised to a higher plane to worship and honor you in spirit and in truth. We go out of this house, out of this place to give worship to you every moment of our day, Lord. Oh God, let our minds be stated on you. Keep us behind the wall of your word. Have we not been proven to us, Lord, that your word is our is our keeper, is our savior, is our refuge. Yes, Lord Jesus. Then let us hold a stand us behind the wall. Don't let us reason with the enemy. But take the word. It's our absolute. It's our It's our perfection. It's absolutely what you've given us for deliverance. Lord Jesus never said to Satan, "I rebuke you." He said, "It is written." Lord, let us stand behind that. You showed us what the weakest of Christians can do. And now Lord because of that we are taking you at your word because of these requests right now in the name of Jesus Christ. May you not only move here among us but move on every one of those that are listening those online those Lord that are sick those that are traveling every one of them. You've heard the request. Yes. Now, Father, in Jesus name, we believe that we receive what we asked for and we praise you and thank you for answering prayer and we expect to hear it answered and to receive it because you said so in Jesus Christ's name and for your glory. Amen. Amen. And they everyone said, "Amen." Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You may have your seats. Hallelujah. Welcome, Sister April. Good to see you here. Amen. Our sisters in the back there. God bless you. Amen. I'd like to He knows my [Music] name. I have a maker. He formed my [Music] heart and before even time began. My life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his [Music] own and he'll never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I [Music] call. I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me. No matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. I'm the last. He'll never leave me no matter where I go. How many times have you needed him and the words? I will never leave you nor forsake you. Come back to your mind. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm actually going to sing a different song here. Um, I wanted to just as you were just playing before the service, it just struck me a a quote I read this morning and um if I can even find it now want to sing so sweet to trust in Jesus. Amen. [Music] You know, I love this song. There's no no greater thing than to trust in [Music] him. Sorry. Just give me a second here. And I've probably read this before, but I'm going to read it again. Amen. And he's only asked us one thing. to believe what he said is the truth. To believe what he said is the truth. Amen. That's what he's asked us to do. And he'll bring it to pass. Oh, how beautiful. You expected a spontaneous thing to happen. Sometimes it just takes a little bit of faith. It won't make a miracle, but if you'll hold on to it, it'll bring you out. Just stay right with it. Like he said, the seed of a mustard, the smallest among all seeds. But did you ever notice mustard won't mix with nothing? You can't cross mustered up with anything. It won't cross. And if you've got faith, just a little bit of faith that won't cross up with any unbelief or any churchianity or dogmas. Just stay right with God. Just stay right with it. It'll bring you right on through the fog. Take you right out. Yeah. Just stay right with that faith. Amen. Amen. I like the the the first part of that when you were playing that this morning just struck me. And he's asked us to do one thing. To believe. Amen. To believe what he said is truth. Amen. And I just was like, I I I got to sing that song. I love this song. Means so much to me. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. us to take him at his word. Just to rest upon his promise, just to know. Thus says the Lord. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Trust in simple faith to plunge me. Need the healing cleansing flood. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace. Trust him more. Yes, is sweet to trust in Jesus just from sin and self to see just from Jesus simply taking life and rest and joy and peace. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. I'm so glad I learned to trust thee, preious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou are with me, will be with me to thee. And let's stand. Amen. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust you. How I've proved you are and know Jesus. Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Jesus. Jesus, how I trust you. How [Music] I Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. full grace to trust him [Music] more. Can we say amen to that this morning? Lord, just help me to trust you more. Help me just to surrender my own thoughts, my own ideas, and be able to just say, "Lord, lead me to the right, to the left. Just lead me to your altar. Lead me to your presence, Lord. That's what I desire today." Amen. God bless you. Like to greet each and everyone. Uh Ethan, good to see you again. Amen. I'm going to take the liberty if I can to say God bless you, Sister Megan and Sister Aspen. We greet you today. And I hope this doesn't spook you, but I would like to have just a moment to talk to you at the end of church if you don't mind. Amen. That would be wonderful. and uh just a real privilege. Uh these two young ladies have what I'm going to say is a fantastic grandmother. Uh she is just uh has such a desire to her granddaughters and uh is so proud of them. Uh if you guys probably would blush just to hear all the wonderful words that your grandmother has said about you. And uh so God bless us all with grandmothers like that. Amen. And uh, of course, Sister April. God bless you today. And uh, we haven't seen um, Camden, Logan, and the kids. And I I guess your mom's here. Uh, Sister Sammy, God bless. Oh, there you are. Uh, God bless you. Good to see you. The travel back and forth and all of the activities of life. Amen. And our sister Maria, God bless you. To see you here today with your beautiful baby. Amen. If you don't mind, just a couple little little announcements, little greetings. I give you greetings from brother Jose Hernandez in the Tri Cities. Um, Brother Jose has just been very diligently seeking the will of God and and uh has been voted in as pastor there, the little group there in the Tri Cities. and um they have uh moved forward and uh he sent me a lovely little message uh here that uh they have um now committed to a name for the church and it is Bethlehem Bible Fellowship. So just remember Bethlehem Bible Fellowship in your prayers and uh if you um have opportunity to be in the Tri Cities, it's just a mere 240 miles, you know. Um but um I'm sure that they would love for you to come and fellowship with them. Amen. Youth group this coming Friday, 700 p.m. here at the church unless otherwise announced. Um so um we'll see. I I I don't want to take too much liberty, but I must say um Brother Alex, Sister Rachel, I really enjoyed youth group at your house. Hint hint. Um don't want you to be too bold, but anyway, we'll announce it'll be here at the church unless announced different. And uh on June 18th, um that uh Wednesday, there'll be no service. We'll be taking sound equipment and different things from the church here. And so there'll be no Wednesday service as we get ready for camp. And uh the following Sunday service will be at camp. So I would encourage each and every one of you uh even if you're maybe can't by by because of work schedules, family situations, can't attend, please make the effort to drive up and and be part of that. I believe you'll be blessed. And uh so uh I forgot to write the date of that Sunday. Um 22nd. Yeah. Uh there'll be no church here at the at the tabernacle. Uh it'll be there at camp. So, okay. Is that all clear? Uh lately, just a lot of things have been weighing on me and I find myself mixing up dates and places and names and all kinds of things. So by God's grace, I want to speak to you today if you don't mind. We turn our Bibles to Ezekiel the 34th chapter. Thank you musicians. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Song services. God is so gracious. Always seem to just speak right to my heart and and I appreciate that. It's just wonderful. Amen. Ezekiel 34 uh 26 through31. I want to speak to you this morning. Uh actually it would be an overall title of God's achievement but um I I'm I don't want to get too complicated so we just named it my sheep and um so we'll just take this out of that and uh today are there any sheep here? Amen. Amen. I thank God that we can stand in a position and say you know what I am God's sheep. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I will make them and places around about my hill a blessing. And I will cause the shower to come down in his season, and there shall be showers of blessing. How many of us this morning are desiring a shower of blessing? How many of us would say, "Lord, I just ask you just to rain down your blessing on me." See, this is not selfish, my brother and sister. The word com tells us in a very very complete form that we are here and he's here to grant the desires of our hearts. And I say this morning once again, anyone desire a shower of blessing today? Amen. That God would just rain down on you. Amen. And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit and the earth shall yield her increase and they shall be safe in their land and shall know that I am the Lord. Now, my brother and sister, I don't mean to preach this out, but I want to make a couple points here. Amen. It says here that the earth shall yield their her increase, and they shall be safe in their land. And that land is your habitation. Amen. Amen. Wherever you are at, that land, your habitation, God has promised you would be safe in that position. And I I believe that. I believe right. Amen. you know, in that midnight hour, the scripture tells us, you know, just uh uh call out his name, cry out to him, and uh he shall come. Satan will have to flee. So, we have a a solid, secure assurance we're going to be safe in our land. Amen. And you know, you can take that right down, place that in your home, uh your family, your own life. Amen. And uh I know that I am the Lord and shall know that I am the Lord. And I have broken the bands of their yoke and deliver them out of the hand of those that serve themselves of them, those that use them. And they shall no more be prey to the heathen. Neither shall the beast of the land devour them, but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid. And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen anymore. Thus shall they know that I, the Lord their God, am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my people, saith the Lord God. and ye my flock, the flock of my pasture are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord God. Amen. If you have a need today, just lift your hand in your heart today and just ask the Lord to come and speak to you. Heavenly Father, we just come before you today, Lord. You know my hearts. You know my prayers, Father. Lord, just come down and anoint us today, Lord, that the word would come. And Lord, as you deal with us as individuals, let the word come and touch us all, Father, for we need you. We are a needy people. We need your strength. We need your wisdom, Father. We need your Holy Spirit to pour down upon us, Father, to just cleanse us and refresh us in the day that we live. We ask you now to move in this service, move in the hearts of sons and daughters of God in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Now, as we would look at this today, we would look at this and really taking a focus from the 31st verse. Ye are my flock, the flock of my pasture are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord God. We look at this, my brother and sister, it's speaking of or denoting ownership. And uh regardless of how mankind feels today, you know, uh let me take this back in a natural sense. I remember some time back a young man saying you know uh I I would like to to be like you Paul and I want to work for myself and have no one else as my boss. But let me tell you as someone who has worked for himself for three decades there's always someone who is your boss. Amen. It might be, in my case, I don't want to get too uh distracted or carnal, but it might be the banker or it might be the company you signed a contract to grow a crop for them, a seed crop or something of that nature. There's always someone you might say is your boss. Now, let's bring this over in the spiritual realm. We have a boss on the earth today, and that boss is either Satan or the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, it all depends on who you want to boss your life and who you choose for a boss. Amen. Nothing like meeting people who have worked for for 30 or 40 years and say, "I hate my job. My boss is a tyrant. Why don't you leave? I'm afraid to leave." Well, my brother and sister, may God break the fear that would be on sons and daughters of God to break away from this boss that cruy uses humanity and destroys their lives because they're afraid of God. You see, Satan has pulled one over on people, pulled the wool over their eyes because they they're afraid of what it would be to serve God while they serve a cruel taskmaster. And it's there, my brother and sister, that God is wanting us to to break away from that and realize uh who is the boss of our life. Who do we desire? And this is speaking uh ye are my flock. Amen. And the flock of my pasture. It denotes an ownership. And I tell you my brother and sister, I want to be identified in Jesus Christ. There is nothing to be ashamed of in the world today. People that say there is no God. people that say we don't need a God just dig deeper and look at their lives and realize how there are things in their life that they are so miserable about and they feel they're trapped into something and and in the world today look it don't have to be religion to tell you even the medical field is starting to say people are using their term that they come up with I don't know how long it's been around quite a while but people self-medicate themselves And now you know obviously our sister being a doctor would would understand fully and I I believe our our sister is also involved in the medical field and my brother and sister it's one thing to take a prescription that is for a purpose but when we come that we need to medicate our lives to such because we can't face yesterday or tomorrow maybe not even today and and we deal with that in that fashion and it shows that in that there is an ownership that is not of God. There is something controlling that is not of God. But I'm here today to proclaim the liberty of Jesus Christ. Amen. To proclaim that we can be here. Will the challenges of your life go away? Will the troubles of your life all go away? But you have a way of escape. You have a place to come. And you can self-medicate if you don't mind. Pick your Bible up. Amen. Pick up the message and start reading it. And you'll find that those depressing spirits will depart from you. Those fears and those anxieties and those doubts will depart from you because we are what we feed on. Amen. And sometimes we just get so numb to the things of life. We'll find oursel not on evil, but we'll find ourselves feeding on something just because we're numb. Amen. And so God help us. Amen. That we would realize that we are under ownership. Amen. Now you look at this. The world today would probably declare this as some form of a sexist statement. I'm sorry to put it that bluntly, but my brother and sister, they they don't want to talk about husband and wife. Take it back to the Bible. It's always now just your partner. Well, my brother and sister, the word of God says that we are truly in the in the marital relationship, we are partners, but there's got to be someone who's got the final word. Amen. And when you realize by the word of God, God said, "You know what? uh uh the man is the one that's going to have the final word. And people will say, "Well, well, I don't know about that." Well, my brother and sister, I tell you what, I kind of like that myself because we're uh noted in the Bible as the bride of Jesus Christ. In other words, we have a husband. And when it comes to the final responsibility, I want my husband to have the final responsibility. I I want God to have the final responsibility for my life. He said, "I will lead you and guide you into some of the truth some of the time." No, he said, "I'll lead you and guide you into all truth." This is an emphatic, solid, foundational statement that you can now say, "God is leading me into all truth." And it's in that place that we can place his trust. I was just listening to a brother uh minister and uh just a little blip of it and he's you know talking about a a individual that he was dealing with and and uh he's talking about how God moved in that man's life and how the man just a very rough rough character and uh he give his life to the Lord and and his life completely changed and somebody asked him does he attend your church and he said I can't find anywhere in the word where the word says I cause them to attend my church. The word says get them to Christ. Amen. Amen. God will put them where he wants them to be. It's not a requirement to get them to your church, but it is an influence to us to get them to Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, if the Lord's going to lead you, do you believe that scripture? I'll lead you and guide you into all truth. Now, if we believe that scripture, then the obligation is no longer say on grace tabernacle. It's no longer on whoever witnessed to you. It's no longer on this or that person. But then it is upon Jesus Christ and he freely accepts the responsibility to lead you to all truth. Amen. But we got to be willing when he leads to follow. Amen. Amen. And so we look at this and and realize how beautiful this is because he's now making a claim on you and I. Now our full responsibility I like what brother Isaac shared. Our full responsibility is to believe. Amen. You see, it don't matter. We can go along haphazardly following. You'll see people many years they say, "Well, I I was a Christian for 40 years and and then I just got discouraged and I quit." My brother and sister, I'm sorry, this is a little bit blunt. But that person was just following along. They weren't of the flock. That's right. God doesn't just lose people along the way with the flock. Oh, I started out with a hundred and somehow I lost 50 of them. Oh, big deal. No, my brother and sister, he climbs, as we all know the story. He climbs down through the rocks and the briars and everything to go and redeem that one lost lamb of God. Amen. My brother and sister, that's the kind of God we serve. Amen. Because we are his sheep. Amen. Now, if we put it in the natural, I remember a guy one time just making a flippant statement. He said, "Oh, Paul, that's just $10." I said, "Whip your wallet out right now. Throw a 10 on the floor and see what happens to it." Yeah. And he's like, "Well, what do you mean?" And I said, "The minute you drop it, I'm grabbing it." That's right. And if you just think a $10 don't matter, you can just stand here all day long and drop $10 on the floor because in the talking natural in that that $10, Amen. A 10 here, a 10 there until it will add up. So the flippant idea that well the Lord just barely touched me. My brother and sister, stand still, trust the Lord, receive a blessing, they come individually. Amen. God's not going to deliver the truckload of blessing to you, but he wants us to stand and receive every little blessing. I tell you, sometimes those blessings are are are incredible how they come because they come seemingly so insignificant that we're not shocked. You know, as the phrase is, our hair is not blowed back. Oh, I got blessed. It was so. But my brother and sister, when you stop at the end of the day, the end of the week, amen, the end of the month, the end of the year, the end of your life, amen, and you realize how many blessings God has poured out upon you, you won't be able to number those blessings. Amen. That's the life of a believer. God continually blessing everywhere you go, my brother and sister. Continually blessing. Just to share, I think I shared this at communion just here recently. We're coming to church and we're coming down. We always drive down Orchard and and I know they just didn't see us. And it's understandable. We I think have all probably done that. But this car pulled off a side road right there. I believe that was Florida. and they pulled right out. And as we were driving down the road, too fast to stop, this car pulls out. And then he sees us at the last minute and swerves away. I think if my window would have been down, I could have reached out and touched their hood. Oh, I was lucky. No, I'm a son of God. I'm blessed. Amen. Yes, sir. Now, just because you get in an accident doesn't mean God took his blessings from you. But look at this, my brother and sister. You see, it all depends on how you want to look at your life. You say, you know, life's been good to me. Well, you can account it to your ability, your luck, your whatever you want. Or you can stop and say, you know what? The Lord is blessing me. That's how I'm going to receive it. Is the Lord is blessing me. And I look at this and he said he'd lead me to all truth. All truth is all encompassing. In other words, every segment of your life, he's leading it. He's a part of it. Now Ephesians the 2 chapter 13- 22 he said but now in Christ Jesus ye who are sometimes were far off all I got to do is go back in my teenage years that's right go back in my testimony and tell you how far off you can be raised in church in this case we're message believers you can be raised in the message Yeah. And wake up one day and find yourself so a far off. That's right. Amen. But that's not what the scripture says. Those that were sometimes were far off, this is placing a past tense, were far off and are made nigh by the blood of Christ. For he is our peace. Anybody want peace in your life? Amen. Who hath made both one and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us. Amen. Now, I want to insert this just real quick here. That middle wall, my brother and sister, is a veil. Okay? Please, please hold that as a note. That middle wall is a veil. In other words, it's not completely solid. You can take people that every other word is a curse word. But why would they use the name of Jesus Christ as a curse word if they didn't think the name was real? Right? So, Satan's anointed them to come and acknowledge that Christ is real, but using him as though he would curse. No, that's not what the scripture says. Anyone who would believe, he'll save them. Amen. So, we can get all complicated, but if you would believe and completely commit and completely surrender, he says, "I'll save you." Now, the fact that he is the only one that can do that is a great big picture that we'll step on another day. So, he says, now look at this. Having abolished in his flesh the emnity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinance. Now, people would say, now does this scripture mean the ten commandments are no longer valid? No. My brother and sister, Jesus said, I didn't come to do away with the law. I come to fulfill the law. In other words, were we once by law could never have fulfilled the word of the law, the scripture says he wrote it in the fleshly tables of our hearts. And we realize by God's grace, I can believe the word. Amen. And the word is what's changing me, not the written law. That's right. So when we hold on to the word, my brother and sister, and make that our absolute, amen, then you will find yourself step by step, day by day, fulfilling the law. You'll find when it's all over that we will have fulfilled every drop of the law. Amen. For our day, for what God has called us to, we'll fulfill that. Amen. Because you see, some of that law was to Jews and Jews alone. So we are not Jews. We're not called to fulfill those things because people say, "Well, if you're a real Christian, you won't mix uh linens and polyesters and these and that. You won't do all that if you" No, my brother and sister. The rule that God put on Israel was for Israel. Now, we got to remember, I'll sidetrack for a moment if you don't mind for a moment here. You look at this. I just read a a wonderful book uh uh that Sister Sue got for me on Israel. And in that is it's very very well written because the author makes a great declaration and separation between secular Israel and Orthodox. And so you can stand for the Jewish nation. You can fight for your country and you can do certain things and not really even believe in Jehovah. That's right. You're just a Jew and we as Jews have a promise. Yeah. That promise came from Jehovah. But we'll set Jehovah to the side. We're going to focus on the promise. My brother and sister, you can't have a promise of eternal life ex you accept the one who gives eternal life. Amen. So you can fight and say, "I'll live good. I'll live perfect." But I don't want to acknowledge there's a God behind this. You'll find yourself coming up short at some point in your life. So we don't want to be, as it were, secular believers. We don't want to just say there is a God, there is a Bible, there is a church. But we want to know the God of the Bible. We want to know the God that says, "You ought to assemble yourselves together." We want to know the God that made the promise for our day and said, "I will come and before I smite the earth with a curse, I will fulfill my promise and bless you and uh redeem you and draw you out and make you who are not a people, make you my people." Amen. I want to be his people, my brother and sister. That's what my heart cries for. I don't want to just be a a go to church Christian. I want to be identified as being one of them. I want to be identified as part of Jesus Christ. Amen. So he says here that uh uh and he abolished his flesh and immity and law of commandments contained in ordinances for to make in himself of twain one new man. So making peace that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross having slain the enmity. Amen. The conflict between. Now we have to understand this in a spiritual context because you see every one of us here today faces some kind of internal conflict. Being a Christian filled with the Holy Ghost does not just eliminate internal conflict, which is a very foundational factor that brother Brandham said uh about uh the the greatest battle ever fought. The fact that the battle we're fighting, my brother and sister, isn't out here flesh and blood, scriptural, right? But it's not flesh and blood. The battle's right here in the mind. Amen. This person says this is what's right and the other person says this is what's right. I want to know what God said was right. Amen. And when we can find what God said was right, we will find that a lot of the battle will be finished. But does it go away completely? No. We face a battle every single day. That's right. And that battle really is not People say, "Well, that battle's between, you know, God and Satan." Not really. That battle is not even between you and Satan. Am I confusing anybody? That battle is between you and what you believe. Because when you believe the word and it became your absolute and you're sold out to the word. Yeah. Right. Satan no longer. Jesus, my brother and sister, look how Satan tried to anoint, maybe you don't look at it this way, but how Satan tried to anoint Jesus to go to the peak of the temple and leap off. You know what he was really trying to do? He was trying to get Jesus to commit suicide. Yeah, that was in his mind. You go up there and jump off and surely the angels will get you. But Jesus didn't come and say, "Well, uh man, I don't know. That's a long ways up there and I might get hurt and what if the angels don't come?" But Jesus comes and takes Satan back to the word. Amen. He was showing us my faith even as Jesus Christ because I'm showing you as a people a foundational stone that you can build upon. It is not how I feel. He was hungry. Amen. He was, you might say, a little discouraged. Everything been in the wilderness and Satan's coming throwing this onslaught at him. But really what Jesus come back and said through those verses, if you look at them very closely, I believe the word. Amen. The word said, amen. That's right. There's where the battle's at. Satan's out here. He's whispering in our ear. But when you are sold out and absolutely believe the word, you stand there and you'll do just exactly what Jesus gave us for an example. The word says, well, the word says I'm his sheep. The word says I'm his lamb. The word says I have been redeemed and the blood has covered me and I have been called of God before the foundation of the world. That's what the world says when it speaks. The word says when it speaks to me. Amen. It's not speaking I don't know who I am. I'm lost in this world. I'm a drift. I'm not sure what I am or what I should be. I don't know. No. My brother and sister, thank God. Somebody ought to thank the Lord this morning that when the word spoke to you, it said, "You are my son. You are my daughter. You are my chosen." Amen. Not the the whole world didn't hear that voice. Amen. Praise God. There's a voice speaking to us. Amen. And so let me find myself again get too excited here. Abolished in his flesh the immity the war. Amen. Even the law of commandments contained in the ordinance. For to make it himself of twain one new man. Amen. So making peace. And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross having slain the imnity thereby. Now I want to draw this word out immnity for just a moment. When you're not a Christian, you're just serving the flesh you're serving. Are you at peace with Satan? I'm going to throw a twister on you here. Is it okay if I throw a little curveball at you? You will not find one person on the earth that's at peace with Satan. That's right. Satan is their adversary, no matter their status of life. He's there to destroy them. Amen. Remember Ruth, Boaz, he has to go. They make their declaration of love and he says, "I I have to go because there's one closer than I." Now, my brother and sister, some people go, "Well, this baffles me a little bit, Brother Paul, but the one closer for you and I, cuz we were born in sin and shaped in iniquity. Who's the one closer? And that near kinsman says, "No, no, I can't do that because it will mar my own testimony." Let me tell you, my brother and sister, if Satan loves us so much, he would lay his life down for us. But he knows if he lays his life down, he's got at best some little small percentage of an opportunity to raise it up again. In other words, he knows that it's not going to happen. And so, Satan will never lay his down his life down for you and I because he knows he does not have the key or the seed of eternal life. And he's not going to die for you. He's not going to give himself for you. He's not going to become your redeemer. He's your destroyer. Amen. And people follow that and and I hope I want to skip ahead a little bit here. The reason they follow that is because they don't know who they are. Satisfy the flesh. Now, y'all that knew me for years back. I struggle with this to this day. My addiction. Those who know me well could voice it right now. What? My addiction? Yeah. ice cream. And the old Paul only thought about satisfying my desire for the ice cream. Now, take this natural here and bring it into a spiritual realm. But you see, God wakes us up one day and we realize it's more than satisfying this flesh. It's more than than satisfying our taste buds. It's more than what makes me feel good. And look at the world we live in today, my brother and sister. Uh uh uh recreation, entertainment dominates the world that we live in. What is he doing? He's feeding them that ice cream of the flesh and they're satisfying that. In the meantime, they're dying. Right? But God comes along and says, "I'm going to instill by the word discipline in you." That you're going to be able to stop and say, "You know what? That's not who I am out there." Amen. I no longer find pleasure out there. I find pleasure in my Lord Jesus Christ. Hey, and I'm telling you, I had a I had a young man in some youth meetings. He told me, he says, "Brother Paul, what I'm struggling with is being a Christian is boring." Wow. Um, okay. Uh, I mean, how do you answer that? Uh, I mean, I don't know. There was another brother there and he was like, "Try bungee jumping with a Bible in your pocket or something. That'll make it exciting." But my brother and sister, how do you answer somebody who thinks that serving God is boring? I tell you, I haven't had a boring day in my life. Amen. And the devil's either attacking, amen, God is blessing, or God's blessing while the devil is attacking. Amen. There's nothing boring about this. But you see how Satan frames it. It's all about how it's framed. And so you look and see today, my brother and sister, he come and preach peace. Verse 17, um, and preach peace to you which were a far off and to them that were nigh. So whether you're far off or nigh, he's preaching peace to you. And for through him we both have access by one spirit and to the father. Now therefore you are no more strangers and foreigners but fellow citizens with the saints of the household of God. Amen. That's why you walk through the door with an open spirit and open desire to serve God. It's not some process to become a brother. It's not a process to become a sister. It's not a process to become part of the church. We don't have membership roles. We don't have something you've got to serve. I've got a friend and and he said, "Bro, Paul, just thought you'd like to know. Uh, you know, he calls me preacher Paul." "Yeah, I thought you'd like to know." And I was like, "What is that?" I got accepted into the church. And I was like, "Oh, I I you've went there for a year." "Yeah, you have to go for a year faithfully to be accepted into the church." And I said, "You need to go read your Bible." Amen. When you say, "Lord, I believe he's accepted you into the body." Amen. Oh my brother and sister. He said, "There was a time or two I did and said some things that I thought that was going to, you know, disanol me out of this." Oh, my brother and sister, if that was the case, you're all disenol. Is there a perfect one here today? Not one except for our Lord Jesus. You see, so these ideas have been put in there that people think that they have to somehow still earn their way, work to achieve this and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, in whom all the building fitly framed together growth into a holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also builded together for a habitation of God through the spirit. Now my brother and sister, this word habitation is what you were called to be. Amen. It is not an absolute in the spiritual sense. It's not a not a building not a building with a name over it. Amen. It it's who you were called to be. You were built to be. Now, I believe we're here as as believers. We know that God called us before the foundation of the world. So, as we stand here this morning or sit here this morning, my brother and sister, God's not having to recreate you. You always were a son or daughter of God. Can we say amen to that? Amen. We always were. This is who we always were. But we had an identity crisis and that's exactly what's happening in the natural in the world today that people have lost their identities. I'm sorry. Uh you know it just turns me a little bit when you see some 6'2 or three guy who's changed his name to Mary. There's something wrong. What is it? I'm not condemning the man. He's got a soul. I want to see that soul saved. But you see what it is is a spirit where they've lost their identity. That's what it really comes down to, my brother and sister. Not a a sexual orientation as the world tries to defend it as. They've lost their identity in Jesus Christ. And as they drift, Amen. Sorry to be a little random here, but I just read a little blip about this couple almost passed away from this experience, but they were out in the Pacific Ocean, southern Pacific, got in a in a water spout and it ripped the mast off of their ship, ripped the rudder off of their their sailboat a and uh they they used the engine for as long as they had gasoline, but it was never intended to propel them across the ocean. And then they're just a drift. and wherever the whims of the ocean were and they still had some nautical equipment had solar to charge that and and they're there and it was like something on the order of 11 days later the the chart in their in their cabin of their boat showed that they had drifted over here and then they drifted over here and 11 days later were there within a few hundred yards of where they first started drifting. Oh my, my brother and sister. Is that not the truth of humanity and life in this day when we lose who we are? We'll just drift and drift and drift and years might go by and you'll find yourself right almost back where you started. And I'll tell you a positive side. And the reason I bring this up because I know a man who walked away from serving God at 18 years old and 40 years. He's 58 years old. Well, actually he's my age, so he's 63 now. But for 50 years, my brother and sister, 40 years, he he drifted in life and he found himself back and he come to a day he says, "Now, why did I quit serving God?" All those years of drifting brought him right back. And he thought, "Well, if I go back to church, they're going to walk in there and say, "Oh, a prodal. Oh, this. Oh, that." But something compelled him. Something gripped his heart. And one Sunday morning, he got out of bed and he put on the best clothes he had and he went down and went into the church and he went in there and sat on the back row. Now, he didn't look like he did when he was a kid. But somebody says, "Are you?" And he said, "Yes, I am." And they threw their arms around him and started crying, "Oh, God has brought you back." And he says, "At that moment, I hadn't even decided I was coming back. I thought I was just testing the waters. But you see, someone saw something. Saw the supernatural power of God. What was it? Not just a lost lamb that was on a rock in the canyon in the briars, my brother and sister, but they saw someone who was a part of God's flock. Amen. Part of God. And it was part of that. They recognized that. And the man says, "Well, I don't know. That was a a hard experience." He said he felt like he had worked a whole hard day of labor. And he said, "But maybe I'll go back on Wednesday and I'll try it again just just to see if it's the same." And it it feels the same way. I don't know if I can do this. He goes back on Wednesday. He goes home from a Wednesday night service and he's like, "That was refreshing." But I'll tell you what Satan wanted to do. Satan wanted to tell him that Sunday service was too rough. You don't want to live a life like that. You don't want that pressure. Well, I tell you, the pressure, my brother and sister, is a pressure we put on oursel. It's a pressure that Satan anoints people to to put on people. But God's not pressuring. God says, "This is my lamb, and I'm calling my lamb home, and my lamb will come home because he is my lamb. Amen. She is my lamb. She will come home." And God's word is true. Amen. No. So, God's looking for a habitation. Are we doing okay? Amen. I'm sorry. Just a little excited this morning. I like being excited. Actually, I I probably shouldn't even apologize. I like being excited to preach the word. Amen. Now, look at this word 22. In whom you also build it together for a habitation of God through the spirit. Now, habitation is called to be or built to be a dwelling place. Amen. It's not a rented room. Let me tell you this morning, saints, God's not wanting to rent you as a habitation. You are his habitation. You are his that he called. You are his that he created. You are his that he identified. And you are his that he is redeeming right now. Well, actually, you're already redeemed. But he's bringing you back. You see, not a rented room. Amen. I'm glad hotels exist. When I was a backslid teenager, I slept in cars. I got pretty good. I knew right where to put this and to put that so I could sleep comfortable. And it sounds silly. Amen. I don't know why I'm making this point. Sounds silly. I had thousands of dollars under the seat, but to me it was just such a waste to waste, you know, expensive different age. A whole $45 on a room just to sleep there. So, I just slept in my truck. I was homeless. I was so proud of my habitation. No, I wasn't. I wasn't. I faced a lot of ridicule, a lot of questions like, "What's wrong with you? Now, my brother and sister, God's telling us here through the word, he wants us to not be a rented room. He wants to own us. Amen. And that's what scares people. You mean I can't be my own man or woman if God owns me? Well, actually, you will become what you really are when you recognize who you really are. Satan by a strong delusion has people thinking they're successful when really they're just a rented room a little bit of time. I want to know is salvation temporary or forever? Depends on whose theology you're listening to. If you were ever, if you're of God now, you always were. That's right. Of him. Amen. If you ever were, you are now. Amen. That's how simple it comes down, my brother and sister. God's not here just ready to rent a room. He wants to own you. He wants to occupy. Maybe the word own isn't quite right. If that would be okay if I change that. He wants to to to claim you. Amen. This is not as it were ownership. I paid a Wait, he did pay a price for us. Wait, he did redeem us by his blood. Wow, I'm in a conflict. Do I claim ownership or long-term lease? Come on, saints. Let's not dodge around this. We are his. That's right. Let's give him full rights to what he has redeemed. Give him full rights and be able with with not trepidation, not with shame say, "Well, I'm serving the Lord." No. To be able to say, "Praise God. I'm redeemed." Amen. And I belong to Jesus Christ. I am his and he is mine. Amen. You know, it actually takes revelation. You realize that now we can talk about in the flesh by knowledge and say, "Well, I'm a son of God. And the waves of life, the troubles of life, circumstances of life can cause us to say, "Well, I thought I was a Christian. I don't know if I'm a Christian. Had a little trouble at work today. Had a little trouble with family. Had a little trouble. Had my own version of road rage." You know, I love that when the brother shared the story with us years ago about how that his son left that little kid's toy with a steering wheel and a shifter and a horn and he's driving in the road and he's frustrated and he's just like, "Oh, what's wrong with these crazy people?" And he looks over and there's this kid's toy laying in the seat and he picks it up and he's just there. These cars are driving silly and he he's just sitting there in his lap and he's holding the horn down. Now, he didn't do it with his own horn, but it became an outlet. And he said he wouldn't give the toy back to his son. He's driving to work and whatnot. Found himself all the time with his thumb on it. And then one day, a brother was preaching in their church and he's like, "Lord, deliver me." Regardless of how I express it, I still have rage. That's right. Let's not fool ourselves, okay? God wants to deliver us from those kind of things. Amen. So when you have a revelation of who you are, Satan cannot take that away from you. Satan never gave it to you. Satan cannot take it away from you. Amen. Aren't you glad? Satan's not going to come like a robber in the night and take the revelation of who you are from you. Amen. But when you hold on to the word and fully commit yourself to it, sell out to Jesus Christ. Amen. and know who you are. There's nothing on earth, Amen. I remember years ago, um, some of you would know this sister, Amen, got cancer and and took her right down. on our sister Beth took her right down to the point that the doctors just even gave her minutes to live. But then the Holy Spirit come down one night, moved right through the house, touched her life. And now the medical for that kind of cancer, there is used to be a zero chances of survival. And now they have I don't know how many zeros they have there, but there's a one on the end of it because she is the one. And I'll tell you my brother and sisters, Satan would like to destroy you and I. He says that looks like a lamb of God. It's not just someone walking around on the earth. That's a lamb of God. I'm going to send the wild beasts. I'll send the the briars. I'll send the cliff and the rock. I'll send the raging river going through the chasm. I'll do all of this to destroy that lamb. But I tell you what, my brother and sister, the shepherd shows up every single time and saves the lamb. Amen. It's not just a common lamb. It's a chosen lamb. A pre-seelelected lamb. A lamb that's been blessed before the foundation of the world. Forgive me for getting too excited here. But when you know by revelation who you are, there is nothing going to stop you from serving God. And the scripture says there's nothing can separate you from the love of God. Oh my brother, I'll tell you, it's amazing sometimes what we experience. just uh just recently talking to a man and he puts it out. He says, "I know I know better and I don't know why I'm ashamed to even say this to you, brother Paul, but I sometimes question, does God love me?" Banish that come from the devil. Amen. You wouldn't even care. You wouldn't even care if God didn't love you. That's right. You would be void of any desire to even serve God. But he loves you. Amen. If I'm being too aggressive, forgive me. Psalms 100:es 1-5. Now, we maybe want to read this more often in church till we break this stiffness around the church. I'm not talking about being some wild crazy Pentecostals running off, bouncing off the walls. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all you lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Amen. Know ye that the Lord, he is God, and it is he that hath made us, not we ourselves. Well, praise God. Amen. I bump shoulders with a lot of people and I'm sorry to just keep referring back to it, but when you run into somebody kind of almost puts their thumbs in their deal, I'm a self-made millionaire. And I tell you what, these quotes come up. No man hath made himself. And whatever success we have as sons and daughters of God is God's blessings raining down on us. My anybody blessed in this building. I'll tell you what, I'd have to lift both hands a foot. Jump up and down. Amen. Whatever. God has blessed me beyond measure. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It is he that hath made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good. Can we say amen? His mercy is everlasting. Amen. And his truth endureth to all generations. Amen. Hallelujah. You see what it comes down to is no way an individual can serve God on his own. That's right. Can't do it. That's right. And we're not called to live in the gate. Not called to live in the gate. You know, take you back to my days of working with cattle. The one that bothers you the most is the one that thinks it can just stand in the gate all the time. two feet in and two feet out. Amen. You don't know which end that you want to do. You know, it's like uh uh how do I get them to move? Well, I never took joy in in doing that, but somebody invented this battery powered thing called a hot shot and you just get on the end that needs to go the other direction and they'll move. Amen. How would you guys feel today if God come right in the house of God and start using a hot shot on you? We'd be offended. We We walk out of church. We'd say, "Man, I am never going back there." Well, maybe God needs you to move. That's right. Maybe God wants to shock you. That's right. A little bit to get you to move. That's right. Because you see, otherwise we just stand in the gate. And you know, there's another interesting fact from my days of working with cattle. Amen. is that you will see that there are those cattle that they usually are the same ones that stand in the gate. They're also the ones who walk the fence. That's right. And u you got this whole big beautiful pasture out here. Amen. And um you know, hope you don't mind my analogy. Got this big beautiful pasture to feed off of and the only place they can go is John 3:16. They want to walk the fence. Well, my brother and sister, there's a lot more than John 3:16's here. Amen. There's a whole pasture full of luscious, luscious food to bless them. But they'll walk the fence because you see, they can the same two feet that were outside of the gate, men are longing to be outside of the fence. And they can then justify themselves. Well, you know what? Really, God loves me so much. He gave his only begotten son for me, so therefore all is well. No, he gave you the whole pasture to feed on. Amen. He gave you the whole thing. And you know, when you're out on ranch rangeand, sometimes, you know, you have to have a rider that comes out and and uh just pushes the cattle away. And people are like, "Isn't that kind of cruel to push the cattle away from the water hole?" No, I'll tell you, it's not cruel at all because they'll eat everything in sight around the water hole and never move from the water hole because that's the easy way. But I tell you what, the cow that brings back a big calf, amen, the cow that comes back healthy her own self is the cow that's willing to walk over the hill. Amen. She's willing to go seek out something better. She's willing to go seek out those things that are difficult. Oh, but I want easy life as a Christian. I want to be God's sheep. I don't want easy. If God says walk, then I want to walk. Amen. If he says go seek out more, there's more to be had. Go find more. Amen. A deep calling. There has to be a deep to respond. And if you want to be, pardon me, putting this way, if you want to be a water hole Christian, then just be a water hole Christian. But if I got to climb a mountain, and go through a valley, walk across a desert to get what God has for me. I want to be that kind of believer. I want to say nothing's going to stop me from being what God called me to be. Amen. I don't want it easy. I don't need it easy. I don't need to be rich. I don't know it to be anything. And he promised that he would give us what we needed to survive, what we needed to live here in this life. He promised that to us. So why are we going to be fence walking believers? Let's go and search out the deep things of God. Amen. So you know what uh individual when God wakes you up, aren't you glad God wakes us up? Amen. When he wakes you up, just say, "Look, I'm going to serve you, Lord. I I I just don't I don't know. I keep getting distracted here. Forgive me." So, do we believe God already knows who's his? Yes, sir. Some people say there's no way there's free moral agency if God already knows who he is. Ah, but don't misunderstand. God didn't make you serve him. That's right. God placed in you. That's right. A desire. That's it. A seed. And the more that seed is watered. You mind my farmer analogies? So, here we are. We're already working on kneeh high corn. Amen. So, we're going to satisfy the old farmer's thing about kneeh high by the 4th of July. Those of you sometimes see sister Jerry's social stuff. Our idea kneeh high is about right here. But my brother and sister, I I've got corn that's this tall also. And as the pivot is going around in circles, irrigating, there's some of that corn that's just outside of it. It's thirsty all the time, but there's nothing there to satisfy it. Will it stop growing? As long as there's a little water, it'll still grow. And sometimes it'll even bring forth fruit, just not much. That's right. Amen. That's right. But boy, I tell you what, in the center of that pivot in that fertile soil of the soul. Amen. Amen. We've already got corn that's all the way up here. Amen. Cuz it's thriving. It's happy. Every day it's got its hands up saying, "Oh, praise God. The sun came up again. I've got everything I need to satisfy myself. I'm just going to take in and push out and just keep on growing. And God said that he's already ordained your pathway. And God never called a son or daughter of God to be some dehydrated runt stunt of a plan, a runt stunt of a believer. He called us to live in his blessings. And I already read the scripture to us that he's pouring those blessings out on us. Amen. Let's be here with our hands up and receive the blessings that God's got for us and say, "Lord, I'm going to take that in and I'm going to live everything, this word, this blessing you're pouring out on me. I'm going to live that." Amen. I don't want to be over here this little runed, stunted plant that will never produce a seed. Amen. Excuse me. I'm getting carried away, but I I'm excited today to be carried away. Hallelujah. Now in John 10 um 25 through30 he says Jesus said I told you and you believe not the works that I do in my father's name they bear witness of me but you believe not because you're not of my sheep right wow you know that reminds me where brother Brandham I looked at the quote today I didn't include it but brother Brandham was telling the story about that shepherd well-trained sheep In other words, they weren't just throw a little feed and left alone. And he goes to walking down the street in town and there's fruit, apples and pears and all of this. And the sheep just walk behind their master and they walk by all these delectable things, but that's not where the master's taking them. That's right. And then they're trained well enough that if the master even stops and steps to the side, they keep right on going. Well, I quit serving God because my pastor quit serving God. I don't pray because they don't pray. I don't live right because they don't live right. Well, that's a lot of excuses people have for veering off the path that God has given. Well, because they did, I did. Well, how about we go a little further and say, because I've been well taught by the word of God, God's message in this hour doesn't come to a point and say, "Well, wing it from here." It takes us right from the beginning, takes us all the way through our growth stages in our maturity, right into the redemption, and takes us right into a rapture. It doesn't come to a point and people be sitting there saying, "I don't know what to do from here. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Everybody around me lost their way. Should I lose my way, too? No, my brother and sister. I'm his sheep and I'm in his pasture. I don't have to follow someone else. I have to follow his word. Amen. And when I follow his word, Amen. I don't have to worry about what that man across the country has got his little podcast and his little broadcast. I don't have to worry about these people over here that are sliding off the edge and going back to the world. I don't have to worry about how these people interpret it. I don't have to do anything because I've got his word. I've got his direction. But the word says it wasn't just something we held in our hand. It's written in our heart. Oh my. Aren't you glad we don't have to, you know, I always joke. I said this to a policeman once. He did not appreciate it at all. But I had forgotten my wallet and I I did a little something. Um uh I think I d was driving just a little too fast or something. He pulls me over and um and I kind of knew this guy. It pays to know the deputies in your area. But anyway, he comes up, he looks at me like like insurance. I said, "Sir, uh you're probably not happy about this, but I forgot my wallet this morning. I I don't have my driver's license." Well, you know, according to Idaho statute, da da da da da, you know, you're not supposed to legally drive a car without your license. And I said, sir, but when I laid my license down, I didn't forget how to drive. I quoted you the law, sir. And I said, "And I gave you a valid reason, sir." He says, "Paul, get your wallet, and I don't want to ever catch you again without it." Now, my brothers and sisters, think about my logic. I'm not with believers. I'm not in church. Did I forget how to be a Christian? H even when Satan would be there. Uh, now I those of you that speed, you know, I mean, don't think I'm judging you cuz my family is probably the greatest offenders here. And uh, but look, whatever caused you to speed, we know better. And you don't tell the police officer, "I'll speed if I want to. you'll also collect a ticket whether you want to or not. So you see our attitude how we approach these things. Now this will be a little personal but how many of you have broke the law recently natural spiritual we broke the law. We should have been judged. We knew better. But I love grace. I love grace. You see, we are lambs. We're sons and daughters of God. But God still placed grace in our lives as a como uh a um component of our life every day. Grace, grace, grace. You see, my brother and sister, how much God loves us. How he's labored to redeem us. how he's wanting to show us I care for you and I've made a way already for you. I tell you, I'm so thankful. I'm so thankful I'm a sheep. Amen. I'm a lamb of God. I don't need to say I'm too mature for that. I'm not too mature to cry. I'm not too mature to repent. I'm not too mature to to seek the will and the wisdom of God. I don't want to ever become too mature to submit myself to the word of God. People say, "I'm too much of a man to do that." Well, I'll tell you what, my brother and sister. The size of the muscle do not make the man. Amen. How humble they are before God is what makes the man. Because remember, we were created and there was a connection in the image. Talking about science here, a connection in the image to beast. A son of God or a beast of who? The beast has brought forth its own seed. Sons of God are humble, not arrogant. Amen. Amen. Now, let me just close this up right here. I want to ask you, I won't preach this here. I just want to ask you, what's your outlook? What's your point of view? What are you looking at? What are you coming to church for? Amen. Amen. See, we need to know that. How do we see oursel? Are we placed here by our circumstance? More of the hand of Almighty God. We're here because he chose us to be sheep. Amen. Amen. He made the decision. And you can never make yourself a sheep. But when you recognize you are a sheep, the devil will never ever convince you you're a goat. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let me just preach this last little paragraph I got written here. You see, there's a reason Satan's coming so hard in this hour right now. My brother and sister, I I don't recommend you follow these things, but in in the denominational world, there are megaurch pastors falling right and left. And I'm not judging or condemning them. My heart actually breaks because they've ended up in a position where it was man's leadership and they're trying to satisfy the people. They're trying to keep their the people in their church. you know, you you got 5,000 people or 10,000 or 20,000 that you're trying to keep them in the program, keep them engaged. And I'll tell you, my brother and sister, they struggle under that and the pressure and the temptation is there and it destroys them. It's very clear, it destroys them. But I tell you what, when God puts the desire in a heart of a son or daughter of God and they catch a revelation that I'm a lamb of God, you don't have to hothouse them. You don't have to babysit them. You don't have to do all these things, coaxing them to do it. When something's in the soul, they're there and saying, "I don't go." Although all hail assales me, I shall not be moved. They're holding on not to a church, not to a preacher, not to a ministry, but to a promise of the word that's in their heart, recognizing this is who I am. I am a lamb. Amen. and I am in his pasture. Amen. He already promised. I read the word to you. Amen. Don't be afraid of the wolf. Some people we know live kind of east of us back up in the mountains have cattle. They've sat right there fishing games. Spent tens of thousands of dollars and building wolf fence to keep the wolves on the mountain. and they sit right there and watch a wolf jump over an 8- foot tall wolf fence. You got no place to hide but Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. And we got nothing to fear because we are hiding in our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Sister Ruth, would you come? Musicians. Amen. I'll tell you, I'll just call that good. Times up. Uh but but look at this. Amen. I want to just share this one last one last portion here if you don't mind. Is that okay? Amen. People come to a place. It's like a spirit of the age. We got to defend ourselves. Somebody be like, "Well, well, what about this?" Well, I tell you why this and why that and I I've I'm just I'm going to defend myself. My brothers and sister, God never called you to defend yourself. He called you to actually surrender. Find a place outside of Christ to defend yourself. Let the word living in you defend you. Amen. Christ can't be defeated. That's right. Satan cannot defeat you. Amen. When you catch the revelation of who you are, Satan will never defeat you. That's where you live life with liberty. Amen. I'm a son of God. I'm from the foundation of the world. I've been given eternal life. I didn't have to earn it. God gave it to me. But I want to live for him. I will live for him. And then it's the very life of Christ in you. Amen. That defends you. Hallelujah. Song of Solomon. Now think about this. Second chapter verses 8 10 or you got verse 10. I think we missed it there brothers. The voice of my beloved, behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills. My beloved is like a row or a young heart. Behold, he standeth behind our wall, and he lookth forth at the windows, showing himself through the lattice. Now, I wanted to tie this back together to what I said earlier. That veil, that lattice is the same as the veil that we talked earlier. We're looking through it. When you look through a veil, a lattice, a screen, you don't see things perfectly clear, but you do see what's there. And so, here is the word of God, Christ himself coming, and he's revealing ourselves to us right here, right now, through the lattice. The scripture says the day will come when we get to see him clearly. And that's not a rapture. That's not on the other side. That's a maturity. As sons or daughters of God, we come to a place that it's no longer I need to serve Jesus Christ, but it comes to the place he's real to me. He's so real to me. Now, let's just look at verse 10 here. Amen. My beloved spake and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away. Amen. Amen. That's our day. That's right. Rise up. That's right. [Music] Rise up. Just any old person. Sorry to put this natural analogy there, but there's something wrong with relationship. If a man would walk in to a group and say, "Rise up, my love." And all the women in the in the room all stood up, people would be like, "What's going on? But you see, if his mother, his wife, his daughters were there, maybe like a natural sister, he might use a phrase like that and it not be out of place. Rise up, my love. But God's speaking to a bride today, my brother and sister. He's speaking to his lambs, and he's telling us, "Rise up, my love, and come away. come away. And you know, everyone that he has called recognizes that call. Amen. That we are his beloved. Amen. We are his beloved. Can someone say, "Thank you, Lord." Thank you, Lord. Amen. That we can recognize in this hour, we're not just churchgoing people. We're not members of an organization, but we have been called from the throne of God, from the foundation of the world. He said, "I have called you. I have birthed you, and I wrote your name in the palms of my hands." I'll tell you what, my brother and sister, if the devil ever comes and tells you you're not a daughter of God, you're not a son of God, you just tell the devil to go look at the palms of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. It'll be right there in the palms of his hand according to the word. Amen. It'll be right there. Your name is there. Amen. Amen. If God would allow you, Satan, you grubby old guy, he allow you to look at the book, you'll find my name in that book. Amen. I don't care what you say, Satan. You might ridicule me, belittle me, beat me down, roll me in the dirt, drag me, bloody my nose. None of that matters. My name is in the book. Hallelujah. I tell you, that makes me happy this morning that my name can be found in that book. It's not just a story to be told, but it's a reality of sons and daughters of God. Hallelujah. Let's stand and just sing a song or two. Amen. I tell you, I got more more stuff here, but uh that's fine. Amen. Hallelujah. 155, brothers, Sister Rachel, whoever. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad to serve him today? Amen. Hallelujah. What am I God we serve? [Music] [Applause] God we serve. Well Jesus bow before you. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is their God weary serve. Oh what a mighty God I serve. Oh what a mighty God I serve. All the angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God I serve. Hallelujah. Amen. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. A righteous run into. Don't just go run away. Run into the tower. Yeah. The name of the Lord is a strong tower, a righteous running. [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of my Lord is a strong tower, a righteous run into. And they are [Music] saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Amen. Amen. As brother Paul was preaching there. Couple songs came to mind, but uh like a lost lamb I was drifting. I just a great emancipator. Amen. Blessed be the song of the redeemed. Can we bring that one up? [Music] Once my heart and soul were fed by the binding chains of [Music] sin, but the great [Music] emancipate set me free to worship. Worship him. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great emanipator. That's a song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. [Music] But the seeking shepherd found me, led me to my father's home. And I'm singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great emanipator. That's a song of the redeem. And I'm singing glory, glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great emanipator. It's the song of the redeemed. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's do springs of living water. [Music] I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ, one day I came, where springs of living water did abound. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now, glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've trod. I'm shouting halleluah every day. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. Oh sinner, won't you come today to Calary? A fountain there is flowing deep and wide. The Savior now invites you to the water free where thirsting spirits can be satisfied. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My my soul they satisfy. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. Amen. Amen. And as we dismiss um just saying so much to thank him for. [Music] Amen. Help me. Now when I look around and see the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. But his blessings he freely gives I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And I think of what he's done and where he has brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. Sometimes while on life's way, I kneel and I stop and pray. Say, "Thank you, Lord, for all you've done for [Music] me." And one day I'll reach heaven shore. Oh, please let me kneel once more. And so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's done so good to me. And I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from. I've got so much to thank him [Music] for. Amen. God bless you. God be with you this week. You're dismissed. [Music]
