################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - April 20, 2025 - Bro Daniel Kihangu The Bridge Between Me And God - Daniel Kihangu.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    April 20, 2025 - Bro Daniel Kihangu "The Bridge Between Me And God"
Speaker:  Daniel Kihangu
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-PkrkLoCXU
========================================

Description:
Bro Daniel Kihangu
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you'll do just what you say. in your time. In his [Music] time, in his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord to you my to you I bring may song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in his time. Amen. It's good to see you this morning. Good to be here. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me act like you don't recognize me because I cleaned up a little bit. Sorry, I was nervous this morning. I had to break the ice. Amen. It's good to be here. Good to see each one. Visitors, God bless you, brother Kim, Sister Hedi, the Moses, you're not you're not a visitor. Different ones. God bless you. It's good to see you. Amen. I wanted to sing that chorus. Uh, just a chorus of gone, the stone is rolled back. Gone the tomb is [Music] empty. 805. [Music] Sorry. Gone. The stone is rolled back gone. The tomb is empty, gone to sit at the father's right hand. Gone over death. Triumpant gone. Sin is defeated gone. He lives forever more. Gone. The stone is roll back gone. The tomb is empty. gone to sit at the father's right hand. Gone over death triumph and gone. Sin is defeated gone. He lives forever more. [Music] Amen. Amen. Number [Music] 377. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He lived and died to buy my [Music] pardon. An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is [Music] gone because I know. Yes, I know. Behold my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. How sweet to hold a newborn [Music] baby and feel the pride and joy he gives. But greater still the calm [Music] assuring this child can face uncertain days. Because he live. Because he live. I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know you hold my future and life is worth the living just because he live. And then one day I'll cross that river. I'll fight life's fire. No war with pain. And then as death gives way to victory I'll see the lights of glory and I'll know he reigns. Stand with me. Because he lived, I can face tomorrow because he lived. All fear is [Music] gone cuz I know. Yes, I know. Behold my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Because he live. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is [Music] gone cuz I know yes I know you hold my future and life is worth the living just because he live. [Music] Amen. Amen. If he didn't live, I wouldn't be here. Amen. I think each one of us can attest to that. Amen. I can't count the number of days I go through. Whatever it is, fears, anxieties, whatever, when you get in that word, doesn't matter. All fear is gone. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats. We're going to have a special here. We had handful of specials. So, Brother Alex, do you want to come They were hopeless, beaten, and so we slaves awaiting for the day of [Music] liberty just to see the glorious sunrise from the highest mountain top. And this dawn will see their shackles falling [Music] off. It's the rising of the sun. A new day has begun. Grace of mercy made us free from sin today. Oh the joy that fills my soul. For the message is my all. Thank you Jesus for this day of libert. Grave is empty. He's risen. Not a day. Because I live, you shall live as well. He said, resurrected with Christ Jesus. Lift your hands towards the sky. Your reward is to be ever at his side. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing grace has rent the veil for us that day. Our redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his pride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. Grave is empty. He's risen. What a day. Because I live. You shall live as well. He said resurrected with Christ Jesus. Lift your hands towards the sky. Your reward is to be ever at his side. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing grace has rent the veil for us that day. our redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his bride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing grace has rent the veil for us that day. our redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his bride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Alex. Amen. Number uh 144. What a lovely name, the name of Jesus. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus reaching higher fall than the brightest star. Sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star, sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim what a lovely [Music] name. Soon he'll come in clouds of gloryy. Saints of every race shall behold his face. [Music] With him enter heaven city ever to proclaim. What a lovely name. What a lovely name. The name of [Music] Jesus reaching higher fall than the griest star. Sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Amen. I was thinking the other day about like just what when you hear something, what does it what does it make? What does it do to you? Right? I don't know what the name of Lord Jesus does to you when you hear that name, but gets me excited. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. number 231. Let's stand. Come to my soul, precious Jesus, my Lord. As we get ready to go to prayer this morning. Amen. The give me a heart like thine. It's just been something that's on my heart lately, Lord Jesus. Just change me, Lord God. Amen. Come to my soul, precious Jesus, my Lord. Hear me, oh Savior divine. Open the fountain and cleanse me, oh Lord. Give me a heart like thine. Come to my soul, precious Jesus, my Lord. Hear me, oh Savior divine. Open the fountain and cleanse me, oh Lord. Give me a heart like thy more time. Come to my soul, precious Jesus, my Lord. Hear me, oh Savior divine. Open the fountain and cleanse me. Oh Lord, give me a heart like thine. Amen. Amen. I wanted to start with a little testimony. Uh I talked to our brother Paul yesterday and I think it was the I think it was the meeting on Friday night there in South Africa. Um, he was preaching and there was a sister there in the audience. I don't even think I don't even think she was praying for this, but the Lord delivered her of it. She wears glasses, can't see very well, but she noticed she was looking at the screen and it was getting blurry. She's like, "What's going on?" took her glasses off and she could see clearly and she thought, "What? What's happening here?" She put her glasses back on. and it was all blurry. She takes her glasses off. It's clear as day. So, I think at the end of service or the next day, I I don't know that exactly, but Brother Paul, I'm sure, will share this, but she comes up and she tells Brother Dale, she says, "Brother Dale, Lord healed my healed my vision." And he hands her the mic. He says, "Sing those words on that screen." Without her glasses, she sings them perfectly clear and say, "Praise God. He's alive and well." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. As we get ready to go to prayer this morning, want to I'm gonna ask our brother David. It's good to have you back, brother David. Missed you. Amen. Want to remember our brother Paul and the I think they're through Easter morning meeting, but uh the rest of the meetings down there and just his time down there, Lord, to bring him home safely. Amen. Uh I want to continue to remember baby Charlie um and our sister Lorie Snow. Amen. For complete healing and both for both of them. Um hold our brother Pashant sister Konch up in prayer as well. Just for each one of us for f we have families. We have different ones. Amen. Let's just remember each one in prayer this morning. Brother David, do you want to come? [Music] Praise the Lord. Is he risen? He's standing here today. Do you realize he's behind the veil of flesh? Yours? Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. So, the resurrection is a person. That's right. Not a myth, not an idea. It's a person. That's right. He's in you alive. Amen. The word's living. Yes, sir. How many have an unspoken request by raised hand? Amen. You're sincere about that? Do you believe that if we agree together that that need be met, whatever it is, according to his will, it'll be done. Then, let's bow our heads together. Our precious Lord Jesus, our resurrection, our life, our deliverer, Lord, when you raised, we raised with you because we were your thoughts of yourself to be manifest in this hour, in this time. And we're here glorifying you that the resurrection, we live in that resurrection. We have the resurrection. And by that Lord and by the testimony of that and identifying us in you. When you raised, we raised with you. Thank you Lord. Lord we are also looking for that body change which has begun in us. We thank you for the revelation of the rapture. And Lord Jesus, we thank you father for this opportunity that we can come together not to celebrate something past that isn't present but is present. We are glorifying you, Lord, because you took all our sin. You took all our failures. You took it, nailed it to your cross, died with it, and rose again victorious. And we are free indeed. We thank you, Father, that we can bring these requests before you this morning, Lord. Our brother Paul, thank you for the testimony that we just received, how you sent your word and healed them. Amen. We thank you for that healing, Lord, because we're expecting to walk out of here different this morning. We're expecting to hear you speak through your minister, Lord. We're to use that gift, Lord. We're not here to see a man. We're here to pre hear you and to hear your voice. And we're asking you to reveal your word to us. Wash us through the washing of your word. And Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, that these needs that have been min that have been spoken, the requests that have been spoken are already ministered. We just ask you to remember every one of those. Lord, we thank you for healing our sister Snow. We thank you, Father, for these others, Lord, that need healing, that are already healed. These requests this morning that have been raised by hand, unspoken. Lord, you have ministered and are ministering to those even at this moment. Lord Jesus, we love you and we praise you and we're assembled together in your name knowing that you are present. The King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, our redeemer, our salvation, our redemption. We thank you, Father. We give you praise now in the name of Jesus Christ. May every one of these things be met and ministered according to your word and believing we receive what we ask for. We give thanks to you. Amen. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats. Uh, a couple announcements here as we're getting ready. Brother, uh, Titus Titus has a special for us. If you guys want to come forward. Um, just looking forward to what Lord's laid on brother Daniel's heart this morning. Amen. And uh just a reminder, there will be a fellowship after the uh after the um service this morning. We'll probably pray for the food before we go downstairs. So, make that easier, but uh Amen. [Music] So many times I've questioned certain circumstances or things I did not understand. Many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. Then I am reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand one test alone. And as I look at all my victories, the spirit rises up to me. As through the fire, my weakness is made strong. He never promised that the cross not get heavy or that the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered a victories with fighting, but he said help would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. My Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. I know within myself that I would surely perish. But if I trust in the hand of God, he'll shed the flames again. He never promised that the cross would knock you heavy or the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered victories with fighting but he said help would always come in time. Cuz remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in and just hold on. My Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Music] [Applause] What's that? [Music] Do you worry, friend, for the cares of life, for the sin from shore to shore? That the sinful world which you're dwelling in might creep in more and more. worry for nothing, but in everything by prayer make your request and the peace of God passing over our thoughts shall enter you to his rest. Do you long to leave this flesh body and step out from death unto life? Do you think you're lost to the thoughts of God with no hope but pain and strive? worry for nothing, but in everything by prayer make your requests. And the peace of God passing over our thoughts shall take care of all the rest. But you are not lost. You are on God's mind. You're the apple of his eye. Though you've fallen down, you're not lost, you're found. And you knew this all the time. Worry for nothing. But in everything by prayer, make your request. And the peace of God passing over our thoughts shall take care of all your rest. So if you're on God's mind, let him be on thine, consider his law day and night and his precepts then will they be your joy and you'll find his burdens light. Worry for nothing, but in everything by prayer make your requests. And the peace of God passing over our thoughts shall take care of all your rest. Yes, the peace of God, blessed peace of God, shall enter you to his rest. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you for that. Appreciate both of you. Amen. Gets me gets me a little excited. We got more song leaders coming up. Amen. I understand. And I've had this song on my heart the last couple days. Um, number 1080, the battle is the Lord's. We'll sing this as we ask our brother Daniel to come this [Music] morning. Need to just quit fighting and give it to him. [Music] Amen. There is a soul in times of need. that gives me hope, that brings me peace. In every trial, through every test, a savior stands in my defend. Oh, and the road you walk leaves you tired and warm. All your strength is gone and your heart feels tone. Remember, God is greater than your stone. Make courage for battle is the Lord and the waterers dry. He calls my name and he bids me [Music] come out on the way. He holds my hand lest I should falter. and makes me stand upon the water. When the road you walk leaves you tired and warm. All your strength is gone and your heart feels cold. Remember, God is greater than your stone. Take courage for battle is the Lord. And when the waters [Music] rise, he calls my name and bids me come out on the way. He holds my hand lest I should falter. And he makes me stand upon the water. When the road you walk leaves you tired and warm. Your strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Oh, take courage for the water. you are leaves you tied and warm and your strength is gone and your heart feels. Oh, just remember God is greater than the soul. Take for the battle is the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our head. Lord Jesus, how we come before you in this resurrection morning. Oh God, it mean a lot to us to think of what the price was for us to be what we are today. Amen. Lord Jesus, none of us, oh God, deserve to be called your son, but you adopted us, Lord. Amen. And because of your grace, we can stand. We come before you father ask that you will have the preeminence over everything. We thank you Lord Jesus for the testimony and the healing power Lord Jesus in your name that we can confess Lord we just standing now oh God ask that you will take this part of the service. May you speak your word Lord Jesus as we commit all into your care now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh just going to ask you to take your Bible. We're going to read one scripture and we pray and I will have you seat in the book of Isaiah chapter 59. Just going to read one scripture there. Uh verse one Isaiah 59. We're going to read verse one. Isaiah 59:E1. Behold, the Lord's hands is not short shortened that he cannot save, neither his ear heavy that he cannot ear. I'm going to read it again. Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened that he cannot save, neither his ear heavy that he cannot hear. I have a little title from this uh scripture. Uh my title for this morning is the bridge between me and God. Let's bow our head one more time. Lord Jesus, we read your word just as human being. But your word, oh God, is sacred and you are the author of your word. We don't know anything father but reading. Now we pray oh God in this most important time that you will set us aside. You be the speaker and you be the ear Lord Jesus. May you bring this word oh God alive in our heart. We thank you Lord for this group of people this church that you have placed here in this town. We remember again brother Paul God. May you bring him home safe. May you be with us Lord Jesus as we commit this moment once again to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seat. I'd like to greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It's my first time to be here uh in the town and in the church. Uh my name is brother Daniel Kiangu. I live in uh Washington up north and uh by God's grace we minister uh in clo and uh in down in Seattle there is a little church there also that we do minister and lately we've been uh going up north here in Adaw uh in Sunpoint and we be also going uh ministering a little bit over there. So that's where we met brother Paul and I feel very u humble that he asked me to come and take the service when he's not there when he's been away. I think it's a shows a level of trust you know it shows a lot of a level of confidence we I don't think we've really be close but I believe it trust and it's not about a person but it's about God. Amen. And when we were coming, I was thinking I would be a strange year cuz I don't really recall people that I we know here. I see sister Sammy and the king's family that moved from our area. But we had uh some fellowship with brother Isaac and he was telling me some stories and the background of the church. I really feel myself at home and I think like I'm not feeling a strange anymore. And I see brother Kim the dingo family vine. God bless you. And different one coming from Sunpoint, Brother Eagle, brother Moses, the Wajala family, see sister Sandy, brother Nolan, they drove for about six hours to be able to just be part of the service and our fellowship. We trust that God we honor those sacrifices. And all of you that put all the many effort to be able to come for the service, we did not come here to meet a man, but we come to meet Christ. And we just trust that he is going to be uh uh gracious enough to come and to fellowship with us to commune with us and that's all we want not a man but we want Jesus to take the preeminence so uh you will help me uh know that you know when you face new people new places it take a little bit of a time for you to adjust and to feel relaxed you feel a little nervous but I trust you will pray for me and I trust that God will be here to help us. Also, I was just pondering on this uh little thought on uh this uh as I said the title the bridge between me and God. I did not want to say the bridge between us and God but make it more personal to uh you to me that this is about me. This is about you. It's not just in general. And I was just thinking this thought uh a bridge it uh it's defined as a structure and we all are familiar with bridge is not something new but it's a structure that's uh carrying a path or a roadway uh over the pressure or an obstacle. So it connects two hands and nothing very new to all of us. We are familiar with drive through bridges. Sometime you know you can walk through bridges but the bridge has a purpose. The purpose of a bridge is to connect one part that is not reachable to another part also that is not reachable. Yeah. So it make it possible for something that seems to be impossible that the bridge we bring those two things together that anything that you know uh maybe if it's a river you know for those who can swim maybe they can go across the other side. I don't know how long the river can be but for us who don't know how to swim we be scared. It will be impossible to reach the other side. Then a bridge make it more easy for a person to be able to walk and go to the other side. What was impossible before become possible because of a bridge. Amen. And sometime when there is no bridge you want to reach something or you you so love the area you know you you dream about it or you want to get there but it's so impossible you know you trying to reach your hands you cannot reach the place you cannot walk there and it become like a dream something that you wish you can get you can attain but you don't know how to get there And it becomes so hard sometime it can make you uh uh become frustrated you know nowadays I'm a uh English isn't my second language they can use a translator for example you know I speak French I'm fluent in French and uh some if I let's say I do not understand English they will bring someone to stand there between me and a fluent English speaker, that person has to have a skill to connect the two of us. That person will be able to better speak French or whatever language that might be and speak also English. Now the language barrier will be broken because of that person like you can be frustrated if you don't know how to speak the language. You you will feel frustrated. You don't know how to communicate. Maybe what you you have in mind is a good news. Maybe what you have in mind is something very important uh that you know the benefit of it but you just don't know how to express it. You just don't know how to uh reach out to that person and now you become so frustrated. You have all your ability. You have all your thought. But you cannot use it because there is a gap because there is a chasm because there is a a gulf between you and that person or between you or the area that you want to go. And that's exactly our condition between us and God. When you have all that you have as a desire in prayer, you know, you can pray, you have a desire, you have, you want to reach out, you can stand out, you stretch out your hands, and it seem like you can't reach it. It seem like you cannot get any further. It seem like there is no way. It seems so impossible. and down in your heart. You longing so much to have fellowship with him as we be seeing with you. You longing to have fellowship with him, but there is no way out. Your nature does not allow you to reach out. God is so holy. God is so perfect, but your nature does not allow you to have that fellowship that you're longing for. Your nature does not allow you to reach to that place that you're longing for. your nature or your condition prevent you to attain something that you so desire to have. You know, one may say, "I want the Holy Ghost." You know, I want God to deal with my life. And you have that desire. It's a genuine desire, but you don't know how to reach it. There is a gap. Yeah, but I want you to notice in the scripture that we read, it's easy for us to say we cannot reach God. But now this scripture does not tell about us. The person that seems to be frustrated in this scripture is God himself. Now the Bible say that God's hands is not shortened. In another way, he had a desire to stretch out his hand and to touch us. He had a desire to stretch out his hand and to deal with us. He want to do something. But for some reason, he's expressing himself. That's God speaking. He say, "I cannot reach them. I cannot touch them. I have blessings. I cannot give them that blessing. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to reach out to them." Because of what? There is a chasm. That's right. There is a gulf. There is a a a condition that makes God almost impossible to reach unto us. And I believe that will make him frustrated if we uh bring this contest. He will become very frustrated that I want to bless them. But how can I do that? My nature prevent me to just go out and do it the way that I wish I can do it. And now God who is so powerful. Amen. You know me, we love God when we say that we need him. We want him. But let me tell you this morning, he want us more than we want him. Praise the Lord. He want more of us. He want to deal with us. He want to fellowship with us more than we want to fellowship with him. He want to bless us. He want to come closer to us more than we ever want to because that is nature. That's right. In the book of Ephesians chapter 3 verse 20 Paul put it this way. uh all these things we are quite familiar with it. So the Bible said now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think. Amen. according to the power that works in us. So here Paul is saying God want to do exceedingly and abundantly above what we can even think or ask. So let put it this way. If you want one bottle of water, God is more willing to give you even 20 b of watermen and there is no resource that's are limited it's unlimited resource is willing to do that and Paul says that he will give us exceedingly and abundantly more than what we can even ask or imagine but what I'm saying if you want healing God is more than willing to give you healing tonight a thousand times more than you want to be ill if you want to be healed God want to multiply it by thousand more that he want you to be healed if God's promise the Holy Spirit to every believer. He want to give it to you tonight more than you want to receive it. Amen. Everything that God want to give to his people, it's always exceeding and abundantly. He want to help you more than you want to help yourself. If you can just get the heart of that into your heart that God is more willing to help you more than you ever willing yourself to help. You get yourself stuck in a situation. He's more than willing to step into that situation and be part of that situation and and help you with that situation more than you ever thought. Is greater than any help that you can get. Is greater than any person that you can reach out. You want healing but what I'm say he's going to multiply it t thousands of time to give you that healing. You want deliverance he will multiply it thousands of time to give you that deliverance. So his hand is always there willing to reach out willing to bless because in him there is attribute and those attribute are not there for himself. Those attribute are not there for for what is he going to because he's perfect. Those attribute are not there for the angels. But those attribute are there for you and I. And because of that is so willing to reach out. He's so willing to give. He's so willing. He say if I can get an opportunity to come and I will show you how much I love you. I will show you how much that situation that you crying for, that situation that you seems to be concerned. I am more concerned of that situation than you are. I am more deeply in sorrow in that situation than you are and I'm so worthy to come down and to reach out to help you but the Bible say his hand is seems to be shortened even though it seems to he has that willingness but there seems to be a gap there seems to be a gulf there seem it seems to be almost impossible because I am in one end here and I am in another is in the other side here. Now you can see all this time the go Elohim will be we'll be seeing with you uh throughout the service the God's Elohim the word Elohim uh the Hebrew word Elohim it's something that you cannot define something that you cannot explain all sufficient that what we know it cover all the space it's more than that so they cannot you it's it's a being that you cannot explain that's right You talk about time, it cover all the time. You talk about space, it cover all the space. You want to think of something, it cover that that that thinking. So you cannot explain it. You cannot define it. In him there was all the power. In him there was all the blessing. In him there was everything was embodied in that person Elohim. Amen. And what I'm saying in that form of Elohim, he felt like that was not enough because who can worship him? Who can praise him? Who can because God the only way he become God is when he become an object of worship. But now being Elohim, being in that form with all the goodness, with all the money, with all everything that he can have, all the glory, all the power and everything, he felt like it seems to be not important. I need to make it to use. And now God who is infinite in his mind, he will start thinking. And in his mind, in his thought, he thought of you. Amen. In his thought he thought of my life. In his thought he thought of me. He thought of you. And all the plan that you might have, God already before the foundation of the world, he thought of that. All the trial that you will go through, he thought of that. All the pain that you will go through, he thought of that. Now there is nothing new to him. Everything that you can be, your existence, he thought of that. It was in his mind. Amen. But now with all those things that you will go through, there has to be a connection where he can come and reach out to you. There has to be a connection where he can come and bring all the goodness that he had towards you to bring it to pass before the foundation of the world. He thought of that. Yes, sir. He thought of that. He thought of this person Daniel is going to sin. He will be far away from me and I will not be able to reach him. His life, his condition will be so far away that I will not be able to reach him. But yet that's my son. Amen. Yet that's my daughter. Yet that is my son. And what can I do in my power to be able still as God him being away? We have two different nature so to say. We are in two different h uh place and location so to say. How can I be able to reach out to me? Reach out to him. Reach out to that person and show to him that I always thought of you. Amen. That situation that you are into, you're the problem. You might be going through a problem. You might be going through a struggles. He was thinking in his mind, how can I be a solution for that problem? answer. I cannot be an answer for that problems. It might be a healing. It might be a disease. It might be a condition in your body. God was thinking, I cannot be a helper for that condition in 2025. Yes, sir. Before the foundation of the world, before anything was created, before any angel was created, he's already was thinking, of a way to reach out to you. Amen. Tonight you might be struggling with that that uh that the the uh that condition or the that the that pain or whatever you're going through. But let me tell you that process that battle that you are maybe calling your battle tonight uh uh this afternoon it was a battle that was already solved. That's right. Way before the foundation of the world. Amen. And before the foundation of the world, he had himself a solution on how to reach unto you and I. He had himself a way to reach unto you and I. That's why the Bible say the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. That's right. Before God started to think of the creation, before God started to think of anything else, the first thing that God did is still in his mind before the foundation of the world is lay a lamb. Jesus Christ was slain. That's right. The cross that we be speaking of uh this afternoon is not something that's studied a certain time, but it started before the foundation of the world. In the mind of God before anything existed, before anything was created, God thought of the cross and in his mind, in his plan for our redemption, he said that all the solution will come from that cross. All the solution will come, all the answer will come from that cross. The only way that I can be able to reach out to you, the only way that I can be able to make that gap be accessible that you will be able to come to me, I will be able to come to you. He made himself That's right. a way. That's it. He made himself a bridge that will connect you and I. That's right. That was the cross. That's right. Before the foundation of the world. Amen. in the book of Psalm uh chapter 14 uh verse 2 Psalm chapter 14. We just kind of trying to lay a foundation here and after that we read um Roman chapter 3 uh verse 2-3 Psalm 14 2-3 the Lord looked looked down from heaven upon the children of men to see if there were any that did understanding that did understand and seek God. They are all gone aside. They are all together became become 50. There is none that doeth good. No, not one. Amen. That is you and I. Yes. Amen. There is no one that's doing good. That's right. They are all gone. The Bible say they are all gone aside. They are all together become filthy. Yeah. And there is none that doeth good. Not none. That's right. Now read how it says in Roman the same uh thoughts in Romans chapter 3. Uh it's the same Paul speaking of that same scripture. Rom chapter 3. I'm going to read verse 10 uh to verse 11 verse 10 to verse 11. Uh this is Paul speaking. As it is written, there is none righteous. Amen. No, not one. There there is none that understandeth. There is none that seeketh after God. That's right. Amen. All of us included. Amen. Brother, we make many statement. He say you never sought God. That's right. You never search God. There is no ability in you as a human being to search God. But God search you. God is the one that search you and he found you. And you only when you call you say that you know I've searched God. All that you saying you responded to God searching you. You did not search God but he searched you. And now Paul is emphasized and he said that is it reading uh uh there is none righteous no one. There is none that understandeth. There is none that seeketh after God. There is none that seeking God. Amen. Right. I want all of us to be in the same balance. We are all guilty. Yeah, we are all there is no one that can present before God and show him his good uh his goodness or show him something that he can beat himself up. There was these two uh uhh people praying in a temple, the publican and the Samaritan and this one came and he looked up and he said the Samaritan look up and say, "Oh, I thank you because I give my side. I thank you because I give my offering. I thank you because I dress up like a Christian. I thank you because I I do this and I do that and I do that. Yeah. And he he finish his prayer at the same moment the publican who was so fify so to say who you can point finger he couldn't look up to heaven and he looked down and he said Lord have mercy upon me. There is nothing I can offer you. There is nothing in my heart. In my heart there is a condemnation. In my heart there is guilty. In my heart there is a condition that I know for sure I cannot present myself before you have mercy upon me. And Jesus said that between the two of them our father hear the publican prayer. He hear the one that's coming looking at his condition. I have nothing good in my life. There is nothing good in my life. I trying to live a Christian life. I trying to serve you. It's because of your grace. Not because of my ability. It's not because of what everything that you can do or produce. Everything that your life can only produce is fifi. Amen. David said that your righteousness is like a fify rag before God. Amen. There is nothing that you can boost. There is nothing in us that we can boost. And Paul said that none of us the pastor the prophet or whatever the apostle any any officer that you can there is no one that ever seek God. Amen. But it's God that seek that sought you. When Paul was running away the one who spoke when he was running away he went out to killing the to torture to uh to persecute the the Christian. As he was running, the Bible say, "Then the light appear." What was that? That was the grace of God. That was God himself in his appointed time that he came after you. It was not you, but it was God mercy. It was God's grace. At that day when he came and knock on your door, but because of the seed of God that dwell in you, you responded. Because of the seed of God that's in your life, you responded. You say, "Father, here I am. Here I am. I'm ready to give up myself. I'm ready to follow. But it was not you doing the first move. That's right. It was God desire to always make a bridge. How can I reach out to my children? How can I bring that solution? It's not you. The Bible even say that our prayer, it's not even us praying. That's right. It's the Holy Ghost in us that's making intercession over our needs. In another way, it's even Jesus Christ. It's God himself that dwell in us that doing the prayer on our behalf. Amen. It's not anything about us, but it's God that reaching out by his mercy and by his grace. Amen. The whole story, if I can go uh down to my subject now, starting in the garden of Eden and as we know, God created Adam and Eve. There was nothing as perfect as the life that Adam and Eve was living. Everything was perfect. There was no need of bridge. God, we come down say God we come down and every evening and we fellowship. There was no barrier. There was no gap. There was nothing. And it was so perfect. You know, Adam will wake up, you know, he can have a very easy day. He will go walk around and with with Eve and there was nothing wrong. Everything was so perfect. Everything working in harmony. God can come down. Adam did not need to make a lot of prayer like we do. They did not know what sickness mean. That's right. They did not know what's headache mean. You know, you talk about, oh, it's sunny today. I'm feeling uncomfortable. Let me turn on the AC or turn out turn off the the van or whatever. There was no need of that. It was perfect. The perfect you ever imagine of a perfect weather for vacation. They were in a perfect condition. The weather was perfect. Life was perfect. No hungry, not feeling any desire, not feeling any pain. Everything was so smooth and perfect. And Adam was walking in the perfection of God creation. Amen. Amen. And at that moment, God can come down and fellowship with Adam in that perfection. And we all know the story. Then sin came in. As little as that sin could have been, but that sin was enough because God said to Adam and he said, "The day you will eat, the day you will die. The day you will sin, the day you will do this, the day you will die. And what I'm saying that is uh death is not just dying naturally, but death is an eternal separation to God. In another way, Adam, the day you will sin, the day you will do this, there will be a gap between you and I. That's right. It's not going to be the same like you see now. I'm warning you, Adam. You keep this communion. You keep that closeness but don't find yourself away. The day the only thing that will cause you to go far away from me it's sin. And we know that statement. Sin will take you further further than you ever thought you will be. It will keep you longer than you ever thought to stay. Yeah. And some people add it will it will cost you greater than you ever thought of paying. And it all started with a little sin. It all started with doubting the word of God. But what that caused? All the war that you see. We have wonderful believers from Ukraine. You know, regardless of what side you might be, there is war. There is casuality, people dying, you know, a lot of people coming orphaned and all the craziness that might be in politics and all the lying, all the stealing, all the killing, it's all started with something very small as rejecting the word of God, as doubting the word of God. as little that was uh that ever uh uh uh was uh applied by humankind, it made a chasm and every day it's becoming bigger and bigger and far and far. Let me say this to all of us. Don't dwell in sin, right? But but what I'm saying that God will not condemn you for being a sinner, right? Because you are a sinner. You born and shape in iniquity. He will never condemn us to be a sinner. But he will condemn us to remain in sinner. Because what happen when you remain in that sin? When you remain in that condition, what it does? It keep pushing God away from you. Pushing God away from you. Pushing God away from you. The thing that you thought that I will never do that. I will never get to that position. I will never do such and so and so thing. Trust me, the longer you remain, the longer you remain in sin, the longer you become familiar with it, what it does, it pushes the nature away. Oh God, the nature of God start keeping being away. being away. You know, you will come to church once and then you know you let startle going to church maybe once a month and then you might or you become so acquainted with it that one day church will become like something that you don't want to think about. And they ask you how did you get to that condition? I don't know but it start with sin and that's the only thing that will cause the gap between men and God. That's right. But let me go even ahead of myself, there is a solution for that. Amen. Amen. No matter how far you can go, no matter how low you might find yourself in, I'm telling you this morning that there is it's never been late. It's not too late. There is a gap. There is a bridge. There is a connection. There is something that can always bring you back because the hands of the father is always big enough to take his children back. He's always big enough to reach out. He will do whatever he can to reach out that one uh sheep that left. He will left all the 100 to go after that one sheep. Don't wonder the condition. If you find yourself in that condition, it's never too late. All you just have to do is say, "Lord, I'm standing here in his presence. I feel a condemnation in my heart. Yeah, I'm coming home. Let me let you reach out to me now. I'm coming to the cross. I'm coming to you. I want to be reunited in fellowship with you back again because that's the nature of God. Amen. Now, back to our story here. Adam, he committed sin alongside with his wife. And what happened? Every time you do sin, it makes you to want to justify yourself. Yeah. You know, you you you you're not ready to accept and to say, "Oh, I was wrong in this." You know, you want to justify yourself. You want to explain things up. But what really touched me when I was doing this study, even though Adam was the one that went away, even though Adam was the one that went away from God, the one that broke the covenant, it was not God, but it was man, Adam, as soon as he did that, he ran away from God. Amen. What what I'm saying this message I'm going to read two quotes here in a message presume you say but brother sister can we afford to take any chance on any one little thing just no matter what it is guilt of least is guilt of the whole. You must be clean wash in the blood of the lamb. Amen. The least sin will keep you right away from God. Amen. The smallest one will be good enough to make the gap between you and God. And he said many times we Christian here, we try to justify ourself. That's true. You say, well, this isn't very bad, but the least sin should be confessed. That's right. Always, no matter what, how little it looks to you, it's sin in the sight of God. Look how little the first sin was. But look what it did to the human race. When the first sin was committed, look at the difference when the message came to heaven that your son has fallen. Imagine what was the heart of God. Yeah. As he was thinking in a perfection, everything was working fine. And now the news came, your son has committed sin. Your son has run away. Your son is no longer there. You know, you can put a daughter there. Your daughter is no longer there. Your daughter is is run away. I I'm pretty sure for a parent, for any father, any mother, he will feel a hurt in his heart. Yeah. A genuine parents will feel something like, you know, it's a anger toward the enemy. What can I do to get my son back? I don't need any advice. I don't need anyh anyone to pump me up. But the father nature will speak up. Amen. What can I do? My son has fallen. My son has gone away. My daughter's gone away. What can I do? I will do anything that I can. I will pay anything that I can pay to be able to come and reach out to my son, to be able to come to reach out to my daughter. You are parents. Some of us here are parents. You will feel that desire. You will do anything in any uh uh any animal kingdom. Yes, sir. You don't mess up with a with a little one. You don't mess up, you know, from the uh you you can play around with little chicken. I raise chickens. You can play around with. But when they have the little one, you don't want to mess up with the mother. As soon as you trying to grab, the mother will show you all the power that she has. She does not care how tall you are. She does not care how strong you are. She's ready to take you. She's ready to fight. And you don't want to do that to a mommy bear. You don't want to do that to any other animal because they will give up all that they can because it's a nature. I will do all that I can so that I can reach out to my child, so I can reach out to my daughter. So I can reach out to my son. The father will speak, the mother will grown. Now you take that desire, you multiply it. But tell millions of time possible. That was the nature of God. Amen. When he heard my son lost his position, my son lost his control. My son lost whatever position that he was that the the h the condition that he was. He did not think twice. He didn't guess. He didn't need anyone to advise him. But there was a groaning, a genuine groaning of a father. Where is my son? As soon as he heard the news, I believe he run quickly. He came down to the earth. Maybe not an appointed time. Maybe he went a little early than he usually come. He came down and all throughout the the the Garden of Eden there was a groaning groaning lamenting cry of a father in pain. Amen. It was not just Adam where are you? But it was Adam where thou maybe tears will come. Eve where are you? Adam where are you? You have left the place of communion. You have left the place that you were supposed to be. What happened my son? What happened my daughter? Where are you? And God went after Adam. It was not the son that went after the father. It was not the daughter that went after the father. But the desire that was inside of God, he strip all heaven. And he say, I'm going to come. Where is my son? Where is my child? I will I will look everywhere. I will go through the trees. I will go to every place. I want to find my son. I'm able to do whatever I can to restore my child to his ought to be condition. That's right. And at that moment as he was crying, he heard a voice of a lost child. I heard your voice and I'm afraid I'm running away. Amen. That's all that the sin will do. It does not matter how hard you can hear the voice but the sin will just keep pushing you away keep pushing you away and then you will try to find out solution for your own trying to build up some apron trying to build up something to make you feel good but I'm say well it looks like Adam ought to have been running around through the garden hollering oh father oh father where are you that was supposed to be the case because he's the one that lost. But no, it was not the case. But Adam went and hid himself. And it was just vice versa. It was the father calling, "Son, son, where are you? Daughter, where are you?" It's a cry of the father. It's a longing that comes from a heart. You nobody can explain it. You have to experience it. You have to leave it. And that's what the condition of God. That's right. He was in a condition. I will do whatever I can to bring back my child because that's my seed. That's my son. I'm going to do whatever I can to bring him back to the condition. Amen. And we know he's the one that reach out and they both came. And as they were coming, you know, we know the stories. And God look around and he said well I have to be remain truth and just with my word. The day you will sin the day you will die. Amen. And he made sure he for he was just in his judgment. But as man was living now, they eat the tree of life of good and evil and they were away from God in the condition that they do not know if they will ever come back again. He put the angels to guard the doors. In another way, there is no way back. The door is clos is closed. The bridge uh the gap is made. There is no way back. Adam, the day you will eat, the day we will die. You know, one day in the eyes of God is like 1,000 years. That's right. Adam live 900 and something. Never make it to one day. Because God say the day you will eat, the day you will die. No one ever made it to that one day. That's right. That's right. Because God's word remain the same. Amen. Amen. The day you eat, the day you will die. Amen. I just want to go ahead of myself, but thanks be to God. At the opening of the word, at the last age, as God is sending us the word to reveal the seal, to reveal the word and giving back the authority that Adam has lost in a garden of Eden. Now the day that we eat, the day that we will leave. Now there was the same angel that was closing out the door so that men cannot reach into the the tree of life to eat the tree of life and to live for eternal. Those same angel now they are washing you up. Go eat the tree of life. The tree of life is open to you. The message has been given to you. The word has been given to you. You can eat from the tree of this life. And the day you will eat that, the day you will die. That's why this message, the loudian church age is washing his ass into the millennium. Amen. The very people, the same rest of Adam that died for less than one day before God. Those are the same people. Out of the message that God has given them, they will be able to live for 1,000 years. That's right. Here on earth to rejoice with with one another to fellowship with God in a restored Eden in a restored place of God where the angel can come. The fellowship will be restored where we can say before the enemy, "Oh death, where is your sting?" Amen. Oh death, where is your sting? By the grace of God, we will live more than one day. Amen. We will live more than 1,000 years because of the grace of God. But let's go back to our to our story now. They all get kicked away. The gap was made. Oh my goodness. Well, the time just fly like you don't know. I trying to make it very short and close. So they went away and God was there. As they were leaving, they were chest from the presence of God. I can imagine Adam crying, holding his wife, his sweetheart on his side. They're crying. What did we do? We could have known better. You know what? Now we're so lost. You know, there is no way back. We don't know what's going to happen. They were crying and they were going just by the time where they were about to leave the dead the door. God called them. Adam, come back. Let me tell you something before you go. I know that you sin. I know that you committed this. I killed a lamb to serve as an atonement. But let me tell you, you're not going there without a promise. I'm giving you a promise, Adam, that your condition will come back again. Amen. As you live in this place, you're not gonna go away from him forever. But I want to give you a promise, Adam. Into you there will be the seed of the woman. He will crush the head of the serpent. You go with that promise, Adam. There is a way back. Adam opened the door. The door was open and the door was closed. Amen. But they left the place with that promise in life. One day the seed will come and we will go back to our place. One day the seed will come and the old fellowship will come back again. One day the seed will come and will restore us back to where we supposed to be. Adam as if were living there. They were living with that promise. There is a bridge. Amen. There is a bridge for human race. There is a hope for human race. All these things we can be crying right now but we waiting for one day the seed of God will come. One day the seed of God will come and is going to restore us back again to the communion that we used to have with our father. He left the place with that promise. And guess what happened? The enemy, the devil also heard that. you know Bam preach a whole message of u um uh the mighty conqueror and he kind of gave a narration on it and he said the enemy heard that and all from Adam he was like well there is a seed that's coming I am going to fight for that seed he was searching for that seed you know Abel was born and by what I'm saying he went and he killed Abel he thought he got the seed but he did not. Seph was born. He went oh this one was born and they were born and the prophet came along. They were all born and people will come and they do all that. Satan was busy because he does not want man to go back to the condition that he was before. He will do whatever he can to prevent you from reaching out to God. He will do whatever he can to stop you to stretch out your hand. If he has to fill you with sin, he will fill you with sin. If he have to pull out destruction, he will bring destruction. But as far as you will not have time to read your Bible, as far as you will not have time to pray, as long as you don't have time to come to church, Satan can do whatever he can. Amen. To prevent you to have fellowship with God. Hallelujah. And now we know many years happened. Just to go uh try to make it short now. And here come the time of the promise. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. The angel came to Mary. It's Easter, so we're going to speak of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And and Mary came and you heard the news. You know, you uh out of you come a child, you will be called Emanuel. You will call him Jesus. And Isaiah prophesied. All the prophet of the Old Testament, they live with the hope. Yes sir. They might be one day. They will come to pass a day where all these things will come together. Amen. The condition that we see now, it's not going to remain like this forever. We waiting. We longing for the time where there will be a bridge. They prophesied about that sea to come. They prophesied about the coming of the Messiah. All of them, they were living with that hope. They were living with that desire. One of this day, we're going to see this coming to pass. And one day, it did happen. Amen. Amen. As they were, as she was walking there, she received the visitation and we all know the story. You know, the come the time came, the appointed time Jesus was born. And I just like the way Bam bring it. I'm just going to uh cut it out of my head to save some time. At the time of his birth, what about what I'm saying? There were three magi, three wise men, right from the east. And the prophet said that those three wise men for were the representation of the three child of Noah. That's right. One of them was representing Seth. one another one was representing him and another one was representing Japet. All the three sons of Noah and you and I we know from the Bible the three sons of Noah are the one that populated the earth. Out of them came a race. You know some people trying to separate them. You know they say probably the African race they have one one part. There was the eastern race. There was the western race. All of them they came out of the three child of Noah. Amen. And what about say that those three magi they were the perfect representation of the child of Noah. That's right. There was one that was coming representing the race of Japet. Another one that coming it was a representation of the race of Ham. Another one representation of a race of Cam. All of them they were there representing the three race y of the humankind. That's right. All of us we were represented there. And now when they were coming there they all brought the fruit of the labor. They came with the gold theh the may and the frankincense always the labors of their hands things that they getting from the earth from whatever place they were. And they came all to worship Jesus. And Jesus who was the perfect race. Amen. He was not from the western. He was not from the eastern. He was not from the southern. But he was the perfection of the race. Why there? And now the three sons of Noah, you talk about the race. You talk about whatever the catcher, all of them where we're all united into one, we come to worship. This is the only race that's going to bridge all our races. This is the only race that's going to bridge the child of no of of Adam back to the relationship that they supposed to have with God. And he stood there. Stood there. One bring the gold. Maybe representing some area. Another one bring the frankincense. Another one bring the M. All of them came with some gift to show that you are worthy. Amen. We might have our wars. We might have our cultural wars. We might have our differences. We might have, you know, the world is going crazy. This country come up and rule the other one. This other country come up and rule the other. This culture come and control the other. But in Jesus came the perfection. Amen. That man can come and say all of our differences of this world they come into one accord. There is a salvation there. There is a place of peace. There is a place of bridge. Amen. To bridge all of us all together that was in the person of Jesus Christ. In him all the rest can be coming together. In him all the culture can be coming together. That's why the Bible say every tongue we confess. Every nation will confess. Every mind, every thought, every nation, every kingdom they will come into one accord. Jesus Christ is the Lord. He's the king of king. He's the lord of lord. out of him all the different people they found themselves into. Amen. And now the children of of of the the three major they represented that to show that Christ was the bridge amen between humankind and God. Amen. And we know the purpose of his coming. He did not just come for the sake of coming. He did not just come to heal the sick. He did not just come to do miracles. But he came for a purpose because he was the lamb of God. Amen. That was laid before the foundation of the world. And we know that day of Calvary. Coming to my close now. As he was going there in Gethsemane. Yeah, that's it. The Bible said that the sweat of his bro were coming as blood. Mhm. And the medical condition of that it's a person who so anxious. Yeah. Someone is such a a desperation like a combination of fear, a combination of sorrow, a combination of all the emotion that you can humanly put into a human being. It will go into a person and break the blood vessels. Blood was coming out of it. He was crying and say, "Father, father, if it was possible, take this away from me." But nevertheless, your will be done, not my will. And as he approached that place, as he was going there, we know all I'm just trying to save my time here. I see the time glowing faster. As as as he was going there throughout his life, the enemy will watch his life. He always had a question. Is that that seed that was promised to come to pass? Is that that seed that's supposed to come and to bridge the human race back to God? We know he tempted Jesus three times and his final temptation. If you are a child of God because he did not know himself, if you are a son of God, I see you live holy. I see you live, you know, a righteous life. I see the way you conducted yourself. If you are a son of God, are you the son of God? Are you that seed that's supposed to come? And Satan was so hh out of himself that he was so convinced, I have to kill him just like I killed the other saints. I have to make end of his life just like I did the other sense. And as he was there going to the agony, the pain, but the Bam said they smash him, they bruise him, they jump upon him like a bunch of wool upon his life. They crushed him. They beat him up. And Satan was trying to see find out is that the seed of God? Is that the seed of God? And when he was there at the cross, the Bible say all the angels, no one know what was going on. But when I'm said that the angel could rush and they looked to Jesus who had all the power. He said to the soldiers that I can call just one legion. That's right. And they will they will destroy you completely, but my life I'm laying it down. You are not taking it out of me. But the angel will come maybe trying to rescue him, but he came for a purpose. Amen. All that was in the mind of God before the foundation of the world has to come to pass. Amen. God who was in what side here? Man who was in this side here. There had to be a hand that we stretch out to bridge God to humankind. Amen. And he live for that life. And he said for this purpose did I live my life for I live my life for this time. I live my life for this moment. Amen. It's the greatest moment of the history of humankind. is the greatest time of the history of the plan of redemption. As he was standing there, Satan came this the sting of of death came. He anointed that that Roman uh soldier and he came with the the uh the the the spear and the piece inside. Yeah. Amen. As the bee was coming, all that just was worrying just come at me. Come at me. come and get me. Satan did not know how dumb the devil can be. He will look around. He see Jesus crying and he's like, man, he's just a man. He's he's not God. And then he see Jesus coming and speak. Lazarus come forth. He's like, oh my goodness, who's that person? And he's like, no man, maybe that would be God. And then he see Jesus complaining this way. Oh no, he's just a man. He's not a God. And then Satan was there in all the question in his mind thinking, is that a man? Is that God? Is that the seed of God? Is that the one that was promised? But I'm just going to kill him. I'm just going to kill him. And he went and he do his mistake in that very final day. Amen. They piss his side. Amen. But but I'm saying that out of that side, the bride came forth. It was that m it was that strike, that final strike that Jesus was waiting for for the bride to come forth. Out of his side came water. Amen. Came the blood. That's right. And he leaded the ghost. Amen. Amen. Another prophet pick up that and he say all of a sudden the devil look he saw Jesus coming because all those that die they will go to one place the sentence anything that you are you are subject to death you're going to die and Satan look and he said well I thought again and was walking there going just like any other s are supposed to go and Satan looked at him and he Man, that's you now. I thought when I killed Adam, I when I killed Abel, I thought I got you. But that was not you. I thought when I killed I I killed Moses, I thought I got you. I thought when I killed Mo David, I thought I got you. I thought when I killed Abraham, all the other prophet, I thought I got you. Now here you are. You are in my domain. You are in my kingdom. You my You are just like the rest of them. You die just like the rest of them. And he was looking at him and he say, "Satan, my blood is still wet at the cross. I am the virgin born son of God. I am not just like one of them. I am the true seed of God that was supposed to come and take over." And the boy said that he kicked him onto the pit and he fall belong. He grabbed the keys of hell and drove and he went he opened the door. Amen. Amen. What happened in that day when people were crying over on that side? There was a rejoice. There was a jubilee over on this side. But I'm say all of a sudden Abraham was the face that came. And he look around and he say Sarah come. This is the man that I always tell you. I recognize him. That's the man that I saw. And then as Sarah was coming, as Isaac was coming, as Jacob was coming, they all came. They see the man. They see the son of God. They see the true bridge that was supposed to reunite human race to God himself. Amen. And Daniel look around. Daniel in his time look and he said that's exactly the stone that I saw that was coming out of no help and that break all the statue that break all the mountain and he came to worship him. Ezekiel could have looked and he said that's the will of the wheel. All the prophet look around they saw Jesus as he was revealing himself to them. I can imagine Job who went through all the the trials. He went through the pains of this life. He lost his family. He lost his children. He he went through the sickness and everything. When all the pain was coming onto him, he look and he say even though I might not be healed in this flesh, I know my redeemer will live. I know one day I shall see him face to face. I know my redeemer live and on that day he look Job look around and he said that's my redeemer. That's the one I was talking about. I told you guys that I know he will rise up again one day and all the saints came. They came along and Jesus could call them come up Adam come up Abel. Come up you Abraham. Come up all you saints. You are free from now on. This dungeon is all closed. These things is all over now. Now let's march on to the place where you supposed to be. But what I'm saying they all were watching. They were all maring to the pearly gate. They were all maring to that place that city that city that's who who's whose build and maker is God himself. They were all maring to that pearly gate and the gate was closed. The angel was standing there. The gate was closed because they receive order to keep the ground closed. No man can get access to that. And what I'm saying is they were there. The voice came from the gate. the the the scent of all they were marching and they cried to the gate to the angel open up all ye gates be open and let the king of king let the lord of all come in. Amen. And the angel look they said we never heard that kind of cry before. Who is that king of kings? Who is that lord of lord? And then the they sent the old statement sent the cry out. They said Jesus Christ the king of king the lord of lord the the glor the the the the the the sin of Adam the one that was called that was prepared to make a bridge between men. To make a bridge between you and I. Hallelujah. The angel could have not contained themsel. They opened the gate and all the sat can come in the gate that was closed before. The bridge that was closed before. Now because of the close, the gate was open. The access was open. They all reach out to that dimension. The dimension that was in many days before, many years before, something that was impossible. But they sent all they reach out to that dimension. And by the what I'm saying as the old came in he placed by the gate the old rug the cross. Amen. So that every man that can come in the gate they will recognize that he is the king of kings. The cross became the reference for all of our problems. Amen. All the problem of the old testament we found the answer at the cross. Amen. Not just the Old Testament, all the problem of the New Testament, they found the answer at the cross. That's right. No matter what you can go through in life, all that we have to, you look at the cross. Amen. Say, Lord, it's not about me, but you have made a bridge. Amen. You have made a bridge. Things that was impossible by the grace of God, they became impossible. They became possible now. The God that was imaginable, the God that couldn't reach, by the grace of God, he can reach unto you. Jesus by the cross stood as a mediator. Amen. Between you and I. Amen. That everything that you have desire of in the name of Jesus you will find the answer. Amen. Every pain that you will go through by the cross you can find the answer. Any sickness that can be by the cross you will find the answer. Amen. You know many time people will look for advices here. You will look for solution here. But God before the foundation of the world he had made one solution. Amen. For all of our problems, for all of our sorrow, as he was giving up the ghost, he screamed from a loud voice, it is finished. What was finished? Question of sins were finished. Question about anything in your mind was finished. You talk about struggles, it was finished. You talk about pain, it is finished. You talk about sickness, it is finished. All the problems that we might have, all the problem that humankind might even have in the future, they all finished. We found our answer at the sacrifice of the cross. I remember the story that brought what I'm saying as I'm closing here. Musician can come. He was talking about this uh in the time of World War II and that story really struck me and he said during the war the ally there was a group of allied soldiers they were pinned down in one area. They did not know what to do. They were out of ammunition. They were no way out. They were stuck. They were they were the the the the they were all in a position where everything was lost. They did not know what to do. And as they were there, the German soldier that was the enemy camp, they start targeting them. They were shooting at them, but they were pinned down. They they did not know they did not have any ammunition. They did not know how to how to escape from there. So, one of them remember if you can play uh what a friend we have in Jesus. I believe it's 5:22 of D. I think one of them remember that he had a little pigeon, a little mascot. Yeah, that's right. And you know, we have no no ammunition, our human effort, our soldier skills, it's over. That's right. There is nothing that we can do. We cannot reach out. We cannot get out. We cannot get help. There is nothing that we can do. And I soldier say, I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to write a little note, a little message, and I it in the feet of this little pigeon. I know pigeons are faithful. They always go back home. He has a little mate over there that he will do whatever he can to get to the mate. Amen. And where the mate is, that's where the camp is. Amen. That's where the our reinforcement is. And he wrote a little note. We are pinned down in such and such a location. We are out of ammunition. We use up all of our skills, our military skills. We don't know what to do. In a few hours, if we don't get any help, we all going to be massacred. We all going to be killed. and he tied that little note on the foot of that little dove and he let him loose. That was something that was done commonly back then. One of the German soldiers saw that what happened and he say they're sending a message to get some reinforcement and we need to shoot that dove because as soon as they get the message over there help we come the way and we will be in a very terrible condition. Now the enemy change the target they start shooting that little dove. But what I'm saying, maybe one of them hit him with some bullet and and chop his wings. But that little dove was so faithful. That's right. With the blood going down. That's right. With all the pain that he was going through, but he said, "I have to die there at the camp. I have to go meet my mate. I have to go where is." And he keep pushing, flying with everything that he has, flying and giving the best that he has. He will use all of his strength to trying to get to the destination. The German soldier came and shot him again. They all target that that that that dove. But with all the bloods, all the hurts, all the the the the condition that he was, he fell in a camp. Amen. With the message. Amen. He fell in a camp with the message. That's right. Amen. Amen. That's right. But but I'm say that was a great dove. Yes, sir. But oh brother, Amen. to you and I there was a great a dove way much greater than that dove. when he came down from heaven with all that was in him, all the blessing that God has, all the goodness that God has. You talk about family trouble, he had solution for that. You talk about sickness, he had solution for that. You talk about problems, he had solution for that. You talk about Holy Ghost, he had solution for that. And all he was going up the enemy camp came after him. They beat him. They torture him. They did all that they can because he had on him the message. That's right. The prayers of the saints in the Old Testament. The prayers of the saint in the New Testament. The prayer of the saints in the days to come. He was holding it wrapped around his foot. Amen. At the cross. Amen. And they beat him up. They to the they throw themsel on him like a bunch of wolves. They smash him. They bruise him. But my friend, my brother and sister, he fell in a camp. Amen. With the message. Hallelujah. He did not die on the ele camp but he died with the message. And as he was dying he can scream they're all free now. Sickness can be healed. The captive can be set free. You are in whatever condition you might be. You can reach out to God. Your problem is not to struggle on your own. You are there like that that little soldiers. You lost all your am ammunitions, all your effort. You use up everything that you can. You use up all the advices. You use up all the solutions. Use up all the medicine. You went from one doctor to another doctor. You went from one solution to another solution. You came to a place where you are done. That's right. There is no way up. There is no way out. You don't know what to do. But let me tell you tonight, take your prayer. Amen. go on the cross. That's right. Say, "Lord, after I've done all that I can, after I use up all my resources, after I use up everything that I can possibly use, I'm coming now." Amen. To the cross. Amen. I'm coming with all that I can. To the cross. That's right. I am not smart. I thought I was smart. I am not smart. I thought I knew how to handle this. I cannot know. I I just realized now I am a failure. We all are failures. Yes sir. We fail on whatever thing that we might have we thought of doing. We thought of pursuing or getting. Yes, sir. We fail. That's right. But let me tell you tonight, this this afternoon, it's not too late. Amen. Don't give up yet. There is a bridge. Amen. Between you and God. There is a bridge between their problem and God's solution. And God in his heart is so wanted to give you that solution. All that you have to do, stop worrying. That's right. Stop using up your own ability. Come on your knees at the cross. Amen. And say, Lord, amen. I'm tying my prayer. Amen. At the foot of the cross. Amen. I've used up all my resources. Now, after all my failure, I see how I fail, how I try, how I fail. But it's never too late. Hallelujah. There is a bridge. Yes, sir. between God and me. There is a bridge between you and God. There is a bridge between your family and God. There is a bridge between your your son and God. There is a bridge between your daughter and God. It's never been late. You come at the cross. Say, "Lord, after I use up all that I have in my foolish way, I'm just surrendering." Oh, I'm coming before you at that bridge and I call, oh God, have mercy upon me. I'm dying in my condition. Have mercy upon me. Have mercy on me. And the same God with his love, we come and stretch up his hand and say, "My daughter, you came to the bridge. I'm ready to receive you." Is that your desire to this morning? You want to stand and say, "Lord Jesus, I'm giving myself now." You need the Holy Ghost, there is a bridge for the Holy Ghost. You need a solution. You need God to become personal. But but I'm saying if you want more of God, Yes, sir. There is always more of God. That's right. For you. That's right. The more that you think that I want this thing so bad, let me tell you, God want that bad for you thousands of time than you ever thought. Amen. He want your family restored. He want your life to be restored. He want you to feel He want to fill you with the Holy Ghost. He want to give you strength in your Christian life to stand and say, "Lord, I'm reaching out to the bridge." Amen. God bless you. It was a pleasure to be with you. God bless you. Brother Isaac, if you can come. Amen. Amen. If the Lord willing, maybe one day we meet again. Amen. But until then, God bless you. Amen. Thank you for having us. Amen. What I say? Amen. You enjoy that? Praise God. Praise God. I couldn't help but think um Brother Daniel was preaching there when he reached down his hand for me. Amen. Nothing I could have ever done that mighty gulf. But there's got to be something in you to respond that seed. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing that this morning. Or yeah, this morning still. [Music] Amen. [Music] Here we go. [Music] Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was read by me, but my savior above gave me peace, joy, Joy and love when he reach down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Is that too low? I was near in despair when he came to me there and he showed me I could be [Music] free. Then he [Music] lifted my feet. He gave me gloryy complete when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his hand for me. How my heart doth rejoice since I made him my choice. From the tempest to him now I flee. Now I lean on his arm. I'm secure from all harm since he reached down his hand for me. And he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his hand for me. Since the Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I give all my life unto thee. Ride my feet, hold my hand. And with him I may stand. For you, reach down your hand for me. When he reached out his hand for me. When he reach way down for [Music] me, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reach down his hand for me. Amen. [Music] Amen. I had something I wanted to say, but yeah, I turned 50 this year. Oh, when he when he placed a seed within me, just thinking of that. And what gift of grace is Jesus our redeemer. Can we stand and sing that together? Yet not I but Christ in me. [Music] What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? There is no more for heaven now to give. Mine is my joy, my righteousness and freom. A steadfast hope, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine. I can sing. All he is mine yet not I. But through Christ in me. The night is dark, but I am not forsaken. For by my side, the Savior He will stay. I labor on in weakness and rejoiceing. For in my need, his power is displayed. To this I hold. My shepherd will defend me. through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh, the night has been one and I shall overcome yet not I, but through Christ in me. No vade I dread. I know I am forgiven a future sure the price it has been [Music] paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon, and he was raised to overthrow the grave. To this I hold. My sin has been defeated. Jesus now and never is my plea. Oh, the chains are released. I can sing I am free yet not I, but through Christ in [Music] me. With every breath I long to follow Jesus, for he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. Ooh, this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Amen. Amen. Love the words to that song. I can sing I'm free. Can you sing that this morning? Can you say that this morning? Hallelujah. He loosed us. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. As we get ready to dismiss, I'm going to ask our brother Kim Dingwall if you'd come up and just bless the food, bless the fellowship, and [Music] um God bless you. It's been wonderful to be in the house of the Lord this morning, hasn't it? Enjoyed all the specials. Really enjoyed getting to hear this young man's voice. I haven't heard him sing before. It's so wonderful to be in his house. And I know more than to say too much cuz I'm standing between you and lunch. So, let's just go ahead and pray. Father, we bow before you today just wanting to thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your grace that you've shown each of us, Father. And for that one thing that bridges all the gap between us be with our backgrounds, our differences, our personalities, and that's your blood, Lord Jesus. That's the one thing we all have in common is that our sins have been washed away by your blood. You've made us accepted in the beloved, Lord Jesus. And Father, that makes us all brothers and sisters regardless of background or stature. We just love you, Lord Jesus. Coming down, we were listening to a message where Brother Brandham said, "We don't need all this super duper." That's right. We don't need all this shake and shout and we just need you, Lord Jesus. So, we're just so thankful, Father, to have been part of your presence here this morning and felt you moving among the people. And Father, we just pray that you'd take this word, quicken it to every heart here, Father, regardless of where we are, Father, if we've been down the road a long time, if we're just meeting you for the first time, Father, may you just quicken to each one of us, Father, that there's a bridge, there's a way back to you. You made a way back, Father. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for this lighthouse along the road, Father. And we just ask, Father, that you'd bless this food and our fellowship together. Father, may you just may our fellowship be rich. May our fellowship be around you, Father. We thank you for your grace. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Bless you. Amen. As we we're dismissed, I'd like to sing that chorus. I'm amazed that you love me. Key B T D I'm a man that you love me. I'm [Music] amazed how you came. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are wash. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed. How you care through your preious blood I found [Music] pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Shake each other's hands. God bless you. Be with you. Amen. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. [Music]
