################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - May 4, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Christ, Lifted Up In Our Day - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   May 4, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Christ, Lifted Up In Our Day"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7BWvgjHUl0
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. [Music] All right. [Music] bless your friends. Uh why don't we start the service with this song um 276 [Music] I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. For there's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. I just want to glorify and I just want to glorify glorify your [Music] name. I just want to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I want to glorify glorify your name. One more time. Oh, I just want to glorify glorify your name. I just want to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I want to glorify. Glorify your name. Amen. Let's sing number [Music] 408. There is a name I love to hear. I love to sing it worth. It sounds like music in my ear. The sweetest name on earth. [Music] Oh, how I love [Music] Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first loved me. It tells me of a savior's love who died to set me free. He tells me of his preious love, the sin's perfect [Applause] plea. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love [Music] Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first loved me. It tells me what my father has in store for every day. And though I tread a dark some path yield sunshine all the way. Let's sing a verse four now. Oh, it tells of one whose loving heart can feel my deepest wo. to win. Each sorrow bears a part that none can bear below. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love [Music] Jesus because he first loved me. To me, you are. To me you are so wonderful. To me you are so wonderful to me. You are so wonderful because you first loved me. Amen. Why don't we stand together? We'll sing number 478. For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy in sin. I sang low. Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Oh, thank God. I am free, free, free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. saved by his wonderful grace. And I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taking its flight. Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. saved by his wonderful grace. And I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Thank God I am free. Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go to number 745 as we prepare for a prayer. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this Sorry. Holy Spirit, thou art well in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art [Music] welcoming this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. Lord in thy presence there's healing divine. No other power can save Lord but thine. Holy Spirit, thou art well in this place. Thou art welcome in this place. Oh, Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Omnipot and father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. Fill all the hungry and empty within. Restore us, oh father, revive us again. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Thou art welcome in this place. The Lord in thy presence, oh Lord, in thy presence there's healing divine. No other power can save Lord but thine. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Thou art welcome in this place. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. I have a number of prayer requests. Let's remember sister Sarah and uh all the Lunsfort family with the passing of their father. Um also brother Don family and sister Vicki up in Calville. Um sister April and also sister Dorcas for healing and uh brother Sergey's on the road today and also brother Wayne and family and uh the North Idaho group and uh especially the young people. Brother Paul wrote and uh brother Isaac and Kristen are traveling um to see family and also brother Salem and sister Wander uh for family immigration and work and also sister Sue couldn't be here today. Just ask that we pray for her and also let's remember brother Gideon. Was there anything else brother Evan? Okay. All right. All right, I'll ask brother Trevor if he could lead us into our [Music] prayer. Lot of [Music] requests. Any unspoken request, just lift your hand to the Lord. Heavenly Father, many needs this morning as we come together, Father, in your presence, where two or more are gathered in your name, Father, there you are in the midst of us, Lord Jesus. And we are grateful, Lord, that we can be just even one member of the tabernacle, the habitation of the Lord Jesus. Father. And so as a body of believers here, Lord, we we request, Father, all of these petitions for healing, Lord, and for traveling mercies, Father, and Brother Dace and his wife and all the saints up north, Lord Jesus. Lord, our brother Gideon, Father, we just ask you be with him and lead him and guide him, Father. Be faithful to him. We pray Lord Jesus. Father, we pray for comfort for our sister Sarah and the Lunsford family, Lord Jesus, as they've lost dad and grandpa. And Lord, we just we love you and we commit you the Holy Spirit, Jesus Christ, Father, to give them comfort, to speak to their hearts, Lord Jesus, knowing one day that great hope that has been promised us through your word, Father, that we'll all meet it together again, Lord Jesus. Father, we ask you to take this service. Speak through our brother Paul. Lord, you know every need. Father, forgive all the sins. Lord, help us with. Oh Lord, being dilatory and things that Lord so easily beset us, Father, we just ask for your help. Lord, we're grateful for your mercy. Lord, we just ask you to speak to every heart. Speak to every need, Lord Jesus. Every unknown, every unspoken rather petition. Lord, we just lift that up to you. You know them all. You know the heart of everyone here, Father. And we're glad for it. Search our hearts, Lord. Yes, Lord. We love you and we thank you, Lord. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. may be seated. Let's go to number 746. [Music] Here is love vast as the ocean. Loving kindness as a flood. And the prince of life, our ransom, shed for us his preious blood. Who his love will not remember? Who can cease to sing his praise? He will never be forgotten throughout heaven's eternal days. On the mount of crucifixion, fountains open deep and wide through the floodgates of God's mercy flows of and gracious tide. Grace and love like mighty rivers flow in. And from above, heaven's peace and perfect justice. Kiss a guilty world in love. Let me all thy love accepting love thee ever all my days. Let me seek thy kingom only on my life to thy praise. Thou alone shall be my glory. Nothing in the world I see. Thou has cleansed and sanified me. Thou thyself has set me free. and in thy truth thou dost direct me. in the spirit through thy word and thy grace. My need is meeting as I trust in thee my Lord. Of thy fullness thou art pouring. Thy great love and power on me without measureful and boundless drawing out my heart to thee. Amen. Let's sing I will praise him. That's number 524 as brother Paul comes. Let's stand together. When I saw the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my sin. I oyed the spirit's wooing when he said, "Wilt thou be clean? I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinner slain. Give him glory all ye people. For his blood has washed away each stain. Though the way seems straight and narrow, all I claimed was swept away. My ambitions, plants and [Music] wishes at my feet in ashes lay. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners [Music] slain. Give him glory all ye people. For his blood has washed away each stain. And God's fire upon the [Music] altar of my heart was set a flame. I shall never cease to praise him. Glory, glory to his name. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. Oh, blessed be the name of Jesus. I'm so glad he took me in. He's forgiven my transgressions. He has cleansed my heart from sin. And I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed. away each stain. One more time. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinner slain. It's beautiful. Ye [Music] people for his blood has washed away each. Can we just take a moment and just thank the Lord? His blood has washed away each and every stain. Father, we stand before you today. We lift our hands and our hearts to say thank you, Lord. In a world that is so troubled and it seems to spill over into our lives, we still can come to the security and the confidence, Lord Jesus, that your blood has washed away each and every stain, Father. Each hindrance, Lord, that would be in our life, Father. It's already been placed under the blood, you've already said it is finished. And we get to stand here this morning, Father, just to say thank you and give you praise, oh Lord. How it stirs my heart that this song would be the song, Father, that would be the leading to this service today, Lord, for it truly fits perfectly with what you laid upon my heart. And my heart is rejoicing for truly, Father, we stand here today with the greatest privilege to worship you, Father. Lord, not as slaves, not as servants, but as sons and daughters of God, called to be the very bride of Jesus Christ, to dwell with you through eternity. Father, what a blessing it is, Father, to be lifted up, Lord, into your presence, Lord, in our worship, Father, today in these songs, Father, in the prayers that were prayed, Father. We we thank you, Lord, that you've opened this uh window, as it were, to us this morning to be able to give praise to you from our hearts. Lord Jesus, I say thank you, Lord. Come down. You know the needs. You know the requests, the desires. Father, you know every circumstance. Lord, we just commit them to you today. In the name of Jesus Christ, we say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. It is good to be here today. Amen. It is good to be here today. Amen. Hallelujah. Just a couple little things I want to bring before you. Thank you, musicians. I appreciate each and every one of you. Amen. Um I was visiting with brother Jose up there in the Tri Cities and uh he just desired that we would remember uh the little group there in prayer. Uh the Lord is just doing some incredible things and brother Jose is just his real heart's desire is that these things just don't come to a dead end. Uh that it's there. He's been witnessing. He says the door is just being opened right and left for him to witness to to people and uh to families. And Lord willing, hopefully the devil didn't get his his uh uh nose in the business, but a family was coming. Uh brother Jose had hired uh another employee to help him in um in the uh stone business. And um this man after working with him for a period of time says uh I I want to know what is it you believe? I want to know what is different about you. And so as he starts to witness to this this man is uh not a sinner as it were. He is a man that has been faithful in church and yet certain circumstances had come and brought them to a place with their like feel like they're in a just a little bit of a limbo. And uh he told brother Jose said I I just feel like I I I need something more. Brother Joseing the leadership of the Lord starts to speak to him and the man is like I've not heard these words expressed before. So we want to remember that another gentleman uh is um been a minister for many years is moving owns a house in the Tri Cities and uh is moving back there and ask uh brother Jose to do some work on that house and they start witnessing uh uh talking to each otherise and uh the man's wife has cancer in her leg. she can no longer bend her knee. And um she comes to brother Jose while they're there discussing these things and says um I want you to pray for me. Amen. Now you talk about God coming down in a divine fashion. That's right. Brother Jose instead of just saying I will pray for you says you've had good men of God pray for you before, haven't you? And she says yes yes I have. He says, "You need to just believe." Amen. You need to have faith. God's already healed you. Is that not his word? And this lady was there and she said, "It's it's the truth." And her husband was like, "No one's ever expressed it to us like that." So God just catching attention and opening these doors. Uh he also desires that we would remember his natural sister, sister Margarita. Uh we have prayed here in the church sometime past here about her eyesight and uh they have now figured out that it's actually brain cancer and uh so uh brother Jose is desiring and sister Margarita is desiring that we would just lift her before the Lord once again. Lord just give us faith. to believe. Amen. Uh let's see. I got a couple other things here. Uh communicating with brother John Andy's. He desires to be remembered in prayer today. Of course, uh today, this morning early was their uh uh 8 hours ahead of us was their last meeting at the camp in Poland. Uh and um he said it was uh a real blessing, a real success. Amen. He's on to the Netherlands, Belgium, and Germany just one after another preaching, travel, preach, travel, preach, travel. Desired that we would remember him, that the Lord would just grant him strength. We also want to remember brother Barry. I know it seems like family camp's a long ways away, but it will be here like that. So, let's be remembering our brother Barry. The Lord would just uh lay upon his heart those things that would just bless us. the families. I I pray each and every one of you will be able to go. Uh if you have any limiting factors, please talk to the brothers. If there's something we can do to eliminate a factor that would keep you from going to family camp, we would do all that we can within our our ability, whether it's financial or what it might be. Amen. So, let's just remember that. I had a lovely conversation with our brother Craig Ber and um just didn't really intend to call him to say, "Hey, don't forget my invitation." But he's the one that brought it up and said, "I haven't forgotten." So, we're looking for the day that's there. They've had a little trouble, had a little stuff, some things in the church. And uh uh just to give you a very briefest, Brother Craig just felt led of the Lord to resign from the church. And uh he was, you know, Lord, where would you want me to move? And uh you got to love the Lord's answers. The Lord told him to move just down the road to the next little town. And he went there and started again a church from scratch. And we're not wanting to talk politics, who's right, who's wrong. There's always a right and a wrong. But the Lord led him to go there. And uh the bulk or multitude of the church recognized there was certain circumstances and they have followed him. And uh he said he's never had such liberty. Amen. To preach to the saints. God is coming. God is moving in their midst and and just moving powerfully. Not just moving but moving powerfully. And um so part of what was brought up is um they have made an offer to lease a building. Uh it was a convention uh uh building attached to a 7th day Adventist church and it's actually been unused for several years just sitting there completely unused. and uh brother Craig and the and the trustee board made an offer to them that uh as it is now where they're renting, they have a certain time they can be there. They have to be out by a certain time and uh it really limits the believers who drive quite a distance. Uh I I sure appreciate um those like here in the body driving from Boisee uh from wherever it might be. uh eagle, you know, you commit that time. You give that up. And uh not to downplay what we have, but they have believers that don't really live that far away, and it takes them 4 hours to get to church because of traffic. And so, it's just one giant gridlock on the way to church, one giant gridlock on the way home. And uh you know, not far removed from the Washington DC area, just a few million people stuffed into that area. So, they've made this offer to the 7th Day Adventist Church. If you'll let us make some upgrades, give us a long-term uh to have this for our exclusive use. And so, this week coming up, it goes before that church's board. And uh Brother Craig just asked if we would just lift that to the Lord that the Lord would bless them. And he said the building would work perfect for them to be able then for believers to come. It's got another little section. They could bring lunch or fix lunch and fellowship and you know start to have some of these things. And and as it is now they don't have a Wednesday night service because they have nowhere to hold it. And so and now there's the believers are really hungry. God is moving and they're saying if there was a place for us on Wednesday night um we we would be there. So let's remember brother Craig and and the believers there. And uh also my last announcement um would like to have Grace Kids at our house this Friday, May 9th, 700 p.m. So I'd like to invite all of those that are in our Grace Kids um group to come and and have a good time. Once again, good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Let's just turn in our Bibles to John the 12th chapter verse 23-37. And um I want to speak to you today on um Christ lifted up in our day. And as we'll turn in this scripture and start to read uh you'll you'll see uh the uh foundation of where we are coming from. And uh may God bless his word. John 12 and 23 Jesus answered them, saying, "The hour has come that the Son of Man should be glorified. Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. He that loveth his life shall lose it. He that hateth his life in this world shall keep it in life eternal unto life eternal. If any man serve me, let him follow me. Where I am, there shall also my servant be. If any man serve me, him will my father honor. And I really want to just focus for one second on this, not to keep you standing, but let's remember, my brother and sister, if we serve, we are honored. It really is something we should consider, think about. You see, service isn't the preachers. Service is service. Service is a witness, a testimony. It is a life lived in the workplace, in the marketplace, wherever the place may be. And God promises here that if you serve me, I will honor you. Are we looking for earthly honor? Absolutely not. But it spills over into this life right here. God honoring us. Amen. Now is my soul troubled. And what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour. Because he's come knows he's coming to the crucifixion. But for this cause came I unto this hour. Father glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying,"I have both glorified it and will glorify it again." The people therefore that stood by and heard it said that it thundered. And others said, "An angel spake to him." Jesus answered and said, "This voice came not because of me, but for your sake." And I once again interject this because it's not really in our topic today that the voice came my brother and sister in this day right here not to as it were now hear me not to glorify God in himself not to glorify the prophet but the voice came for you and I. That's how God chose to do it. Now in this because it is the word, it will bring glory to God and it has bought brought a a a measure of glory to the prophet in the love and respect that the bride of Christ has for God's messenger, right? We don't hold him as an icon. We don't pray to him. Uh we we don't uh come as it is idol worship, but we have love and respect. And I I'm looking forward to the day when we stand there in the in the presence of God and that we can be able to look upon our Lord Jesus Christ and from the very depths of our hearts say, "Lord, I love you." But we'll also be able to look upon uh and meet uh brother Brandham face to face and tell him, "Thank you for the sacrifice you made to bring the word in our day." And then beyond that, we will go and we will be sharing our thanksgiving for the prayers, the life and the influence of the saints. I I I think we'll we'll probably put that on the church site, but it was shared with me. It's on YouTube. I don't remember the title, but uh a a brother's testimony uh either Spanish or Portuguese speaking country because it's uh interpreted uh into English over uh that. But um my brother and sister, some people would call it idolatry, but a man, I'll just give you this hint, whose baby girl drowned, wasn't really a believer at that time, but in such desperation had been witnessed to over and over again. And he said, 'Lord, if the message of William Brham is true, raise up my baby girl. She's dead. This is not an unconscious state. She's dead. And when he said that, she coughed. Amen. And started breathing. And today, she's this lovely, healthy little five-year-old girl. Amen. Amen. We serve an awesome God. Amen. The man, you have to understand this is the point I want to make. The man was not saying William Brham, but he was talking about the words, the gospel, the life. Amen. Of Jesus Christ that was spoken. And that life is real. And it brings life. Amen. Excuse me. The voice came not because of me, but for your sakes. Now is the judgment of this world. Now shall the prince of this world be cast out. And I if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me. Thus this he said signifying uh what death he should die. The people answered him, we have heard out of the law that Christ abideth forever. How saith thou the son of man must be lifted up. Who is this son of man? Then Jesus said unto them, "Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you. For he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whether he goeth." And while ye have light, believe in the light, that you may be children of light, these things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them. But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him. Heavenly Father, we just ask you to bless your word today. Bless the saints. Father, wherever they may be today, Lord, speak to the hearts of your children. We ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Get all teary eyed here and I can't hardly even read my my screen. Amen. I just think about that brother and and and we will we will post that um just so that uh you can um see that. Amen. So now as we look through the word, we'll find that in every age there has been a group of people. And it's not that there's a group of people, my brother and sister, but there's a group of willing people. And there's quite a bit of difference between just being there and desiring and longing and wanting to be there to to be in the presence of God to see his power and majesty displayed. and we'll look down through the ages and and you come and in our youth group, the conversation touched on the uh dark ages for just a moment. And my brother and sister, it takes more than a human emotion to cause you to walk out and give your life for the gospel. The human emotion will tell you just back up a little bit, live another day. You know, you can do something else to express your faith in God. But when you have something that has come that's made you so willing that when they say look you can live if you recent Christ or you're going to die and they were so willing there were many who turned back and walked away in Fox's book uh of uh martyrs you know there's a story of a man who who recanted and spent a night in bitter tears now they were not going to pursue him again because he has recanted. But in the early morning hours, he walks down to where they are burning the saints at the stake and says, "I recant what I recanted." And they said, "What are you doing? You're wealthy. You've got all of this." And he says, "I cannot live with myself." And he did something that was very unique because they never allowed it to happen again. And he told them, "I am so committed, you do not need to tie me, chain me to the post. I will stand here and willingly let you sacrifice me. Burn me at the stake." And in that time as they lit the fire, what happened was as the flames are licking up around his body, he lifted his hands in praise to the Lord. And as his hands are lifted, they're expecting any moment for it to collapse because he's not tied. But as the flames consumed him, his hands never fell. And he is there worshiping God to the breath left his body. And it was such a condemnation to those people, they never ever again did not tie one's arms to the post. Because you see, into his very death, he was there. He's he's there. He's being consumed. I I don't know if any of you have ever been burned, but it is it is not something that you do not react to. Amen. When when you are burnt, uh you you have an immediate reaction to pull away from. And and yet here was a man who willingly stood there and gave his life for the gospel. And every age has had its witnesses that have willingly stood against the pressure of the age, influence of the age, and have stood there and said, "I will serve God. I will not deny him because he is who I am." We are not our own. We belong to him. He is there as it would be by the blood of Jesus Christ. He is uh uh we are his possession. And uh so it's there and and a willing people who are willing to stand on truth. You know, my brother and sister, we could be a much larger church today if we would just compromise on just a few things. Nothing too awfully serious except for one word is enough to separate us from God. So the not too serious is very serious because that one word that separates us from the presence of God means we're no longer in the realm of being the bride of Christ. We're now in a religion. And I I don't want to I'm not here today for religion. I'm here for the relationship that God has offered to us to be sons and daughters of God. So as we're willing to stand on the truth and to claim the truth, but it also brings us as it is uh steps, baby steps, we have to stop and say this is the truth. We have to claim that it is truth. And God wants us to go another step and start confessing its truth. And if we're confessing it to ourselves in a dark room, my brother and sister, that's not really a confession. So God wants us to be open out who we are and why we believe what we believe. You'll find the more open you get, it will polarize and there'll be people who respect you for who you are, not the least bit interested in what you are. Amen. So they'll recognize you as a nice person that they like to be around, but hey, we've got our religion, you've got yours. And so they will never ever inquire or or have interest in that. But see, you'll find that rare person. You'll find that one that the circumstance just as brother Jose shared, the circumstance brings people who who uh uh have a certain faith. They have not a religion. They have not walked away from it, but they find themselves in in a in a center place. They find themselves uh stuck between two opinions. And in there they start to soulsearch. Now in this case we don't know what God will do in their life. But I do know my brother and sister that God has put something in there to cause them to stop and listen. And that's important. And we should, as the word says, be ready to speak. Be instant in season and out of season and put away all of our what will they think of us? Because they're on the other side of this equation saying if I say I believe this, what will they think of us? And so that is Satan's limbo land that he tries to keep people quiet as it is because he does not even want to hear the name of Jesus Christ proclaimed. But as we start to proclaim what changed your life, Jesus Christ, what healed you, Jesus Christ, where is you going in the presence of Jesus Christ? And they are going to ultimately judge you uh from whatever anointing is upon them. In other words, let me I I don't mean to personalize this, but I've got friends that think when it comes to religion, I'm a little bit wacky, but they like me as a person. And so, I still have interaction. And as they are there, it is affecting them more and more. As I am there talking to them, uh uh they they go to say a word and they stop. And I I don't know why they blame this on the French, but some of you will know what statement I'm going to say here. And they say, "Pardon my French." Well, that don't sound like French. That sounds like a curse word. But you see, they become cognizant now. These same people I'm speaking of, they don't even say the word. They just like, uh, anyway, um, let me reword that. You see, because God's causing them to respect himself in you. In other words, they think they're respecting you, but it the truth is they're actually respecting God in you. And so you live and I can say this. I live in a farming world and farming's has produced people very religious. They'll pray for rain or they'll pray for the lack of rain, but they never go to church, work seven days a week and say it's their job's fault. My brother and sister, you know, it's just an anointing of the age to keep them out of the house of God. So these people that God is bringing forth, they have an allegiance. And that allegiance, my brother and sister, is not to Grace Tabernacle, not to any other church, not to a preacher. That allegiance is to the word of God, to Jesus Christ himself. And and I believe that sounds like us, does it not? That we're standing here today. It is not that the the church, our great choir. In fact, uh, let me just throw this in. I asked Sister Jerry this morning, sisters especially, I asked Jerry, why does no one sing a special around our church? Maybe some of you could answer that question for me or maybe some of you could just solve the problem. Uh, however you would choose to look at that. But you look at this, my brother and sister. See what God recognizes. We can come and we can quote scripture and we can quote the message, but God recognizes faith. Amen. So now if you really have faith a belief in the message in the scripture then you act on it. Amen. So it's not just how much we can quote to be able to say brother Brandham said or the scripture says but to be acting on it. Let us be a church. Could we be a church in action? Amen. One that just hears the word and we say you know what uh Lord I I don't need to boast to anybody. I don't need to do anything. Just let me act on the word. And the action that we have on the word will speak louder than our own words. Amen. People will recognize that you are there. And and we'll look all through the ages. Every church age coming right here, Leodysa is uh is the same exact every age. We can go back through the word of God and we can see what God required. Revelations 2 and three give that. And as we touched in youth group on that Ephesians uh to Ephesus there uh you know his indictment to them is you left your first love. So they had an action but it was actually moving away from the word. It was not an action that drew them into the word but they were moving away from the word and yet still confessed that they believe confessed that it was true. confessed all of these things, but they actually were leaving their first love. And so, we'll see that, and I'm not going to go through each one, but as we look at Revelations 2 and 3, we'll see that that it gives an very accurate description of every single church age and the actions that took place in that day. And now we can look at at at Revelations 3 and look at Leodysa and and it says and and I I'm just going to be honest with you, okay? There's no use all us acting super spiritual. The very influence of Leodysa is upon us. And what was that? Lukewarm. See how that affects us? I'm not here to condemn you, judge you. I'm affected by it myself. You see, but it's God's warning to you and I that we can come in this day and you know if you if you know that a thief is coming in the night, you look for the thief. But yet, my brother and sister, the very natural thing is after a while we sleep and we slumber and the thief comes when we're asleep. And that's what Satan's trying to do is doing in this age. He's putting many people that know better, good people, godly people. But the spirit of the age pressing in. I don't know. Have any of you experienced any stress lately? Amen. I'm glad. Amen. I actually am glad. Because we need to not be comfortable in Leodysia. If we become comfortable here, we will be asleep when the call is made, behold the bridegroom cometh. We'll be asleep and not realize that our lamp has completely burnt out. Lord, help us to be aware, to be cognizant of the age that we're living in and to come into the place that while we still suffer the effects, can someone say amen? We suffer the effects of Leodysa, but God keeps reminding, he keeps stirring us and he keeps bringing it to our remembrance that we stand here today and we know the ws of the enemy. The prophet speaks of that. You can look it up. To know the ws of the enemy is to understand how the enemy is trying to deceive you. Amen. And one of the things that Satan hates is to actually see the manifestation of Christ being lifted up in this day. We can look back through the other six church ages. We can see the blessing. We can see the failure. We can see all of that. But God, help us to recognize that this is the day that some people on the earth are called to lift Christ up. And he says, "If I be lifted up," now we understand the scripture. He was actually talking about his death, his crucifixion, and the resurrection. But my brother and sister, we take it as a prophet brought it in those ter uh simple terms that somebody is going to be lifting up Christ in this day. Lord, I'm going to lift my hand and say, Lord, I want to be one of those that is lifting you up. Amen. I don't want to just look out and say, "My pastor will do that job for me. The spiritual men will do that job for me." When the evangelist comes, he'll do that for us. No, my brother and sister, God called you and I to be the one today to be lifting up the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And so, God recognizes faith, right? the prophet of God teaches us people understand uh divine healing and people would understand that that that something's happening you know and and we'll look at this and see how the prophet brings it about because there'll be many brother Brown says many a godly sister and she doesn't receive her healing and then someone would come in off of the street that does not seem to meet our idea of the one that God would honor their prayer and they receive their healing. And then brother Brandham goes on, you remember when he's talking about this. Amen. He goes on to say it's because we have put so many, these are my words, we put so many things. Well, you know, if I this and if I that and and if I'm just the best Christian and if I'm just this, then God will hear my prayer. And that one that woman off the street, she comes and says, "God said he's my healer. I believe it." Amen. No baggage behind it. Just God said it and something sparks my heart. I believe it. And God looks down and says, "I I I um um honor your faith. I honor that." And yet we're over here saying, um they weren't dressed proper. They cut their hair. They wear makeup. They And and we're putting all this baggage onto the the things that Lord, I'm doing this right. How about we just do it right and believe? Amen. Amen. There's a reason the prophet of God chose only believe as a theme song. Amen. Not only believe plus how long is your skirt? Only believe. How tall is your heels? Only believe. No, my brother and sister. He brought us to a place trying to convey to us. Only believe. You give it to God. Let God deal with the rest of it. Amen. But we're fixers. I was talking to a brother on the phone. Amen. From overseas. and uh he made a comment. He's not a pastor or anything, but he he works amongst the youth a lot. And he says, "Brother Paul, one of the hardest things I've had to overcome dealing with young people, the fixer in me comes out, and I want to fix these young people." And then I realized, oh, I'm doing that to myself. I I'm just going to fix myself. Young people, hear me today. Only believe. Amen. You confess your love to the Lord and you believe and God will fix every single thing that you can't fix yourself. But if we don't believe, it don't matter how much word we read, quote, etc. If we don't believe, it won't happen. And there's a lot of things that we think we got to fill in the blanks when actually God said, you know, you've you've been to the bank, maybe signed some papers for something and and uh I think it's funny because u they've quit doing it, but Sister Jerry and I through the years have have visited the bank quite often to borrow money. I'm not proud of that. It's just a fact. And uh the secretary that we deal with now, she used to put these little arrows everywhere we're supposed to sign, she used to stick those sign here, sign here, sign here, sign here. And in spite of that, Brother Paul has managed through the years to sign on the banker's line a time or two. I don't know if I thought I was going to fix it. Maybe I had a secret dream to be a banker. But you see, we don't want to make the mistake of I'm going to fix it when God says that's where I sign. Yeah. Amen. You You can't sign that. You can't do that. Just like I can't sign these papers at the bank that authorize the distribution of this money. It will do no good that I sign on that line. And we're over here signing on the line. I can fix it. I can fix it. God wants a sign on the line. I believe it, Lord. It's right here in your word. I sign my name next to your name because I'm saying amen to your your word. Amen. So, we know this is just simple. Some of this we're just we're just stirring up pure minds in remembrance this morning. God recognizes faith. Amen. And so, we know that faith cometh by hearing the word. And my brother and sister, how you choose. This might sound like a cop out to you, but it really comes down. It's where I stand. Amen. I I could come and I can tell you now, uh, you've got to this and you got to do that. But I'm just going to leave that spot undone. And if you really really really want the word to come alive in your life, you are going to get in the word. Not because the pastor said so or brother David would say so, but you yourself. So it doesn't need to be a long drawn out uh explanation of how if you expect to receive from God, you need to pray, you need to read your Bible, you need to do this, you need to do that. Let the desire of your heart drive you to where you want to be. If you just want to come to church to satisfy a spirit, then so be it. I couldn't change that if I wanted to. But if you're hungry, then don't let anyone else, including the church, stop you from feeding on the word of God. Well, our our pastor isn't a very deep preacher, but that wasn't who God said would lead you and guide you into all truth. Didn't say your pastor will. Now, the brother Brandon says now f follow your pastor. Stay with him. He's ordained to lead you to truth. But your revelation, my brother and sister, are you with me? Your revelation is not based, maybe you've got a real simple pastor, and I think you do. But my brother and sister, your revelation is not based entirely upon the pastor. They say, "Well, you'll only go as high as your pastor." Well, my brother and sister, that might be true in a sense, but I'm telling you, I've seen and met and fellowshipped with many a son or daughter of God that understand the word and maybe understand it better than their pastor. But I'll tell you why. You could say that they'll not be limited by their pastor. because their pastor wants to be led by the Holy Ghost. And that's the ultimate yard stick that we are measured with. It's not the explanation of quotes and of doctrines and all of this, which is how people interpreted what brother Brandham said. Amen. They took it like, well, we could never explain the seals because our pastor struggles to explain the seals. We couldn't do that. No, my brother and sister, if there's no Holy Spirit in the church, you're going to be so stunted. But if the Holy Spirit has come, whether the pastor's got an IQ of a stick or whether he is, you might say, a brilliant studied man, my brother and sister, none of that matters. If the Holy Ghost is not there, you are going to be a Amen. And that's why that we want to come and not put emphasis on knowledge of this message, but we want to put emphasis on the presence of the Holy Ghost in our midst. Amen. And there should be no limiting factor on that. Amen. Now, do you believe God's confirmed his word to every generation? He said he did and we can believe that. But look at this. God confirming his word to every generation. And look, every generation uh which includes as it were the people uh not just uh not a time on a calendar. Every generation's been given opportunity to place value on the word for their day. How much value have we placed on the message for this day? Now we live in houses, we have family etc. But when we see the value we placed on this is actually causing a separation in our life. And if you can't look back in your life and see a separation, then I would encourage you to get serious and pray and you say, "But I still talk to my family that are not believers. I still No, that's not what it's talking about. It's talking in the spiritual context, my brother and sister." Amen. In fact, the greatest witness that we have usually is our life before our family. Sometimes we just mess it all up by opening our mouth. Seriously. Yes, sir. Sometimes we need to just live what we believe and just cut the conversation and let your life testify because it will testify louder than your words will. And so it's in that realm right there that sometimes we we would do well just to be silent. Amen. So we're seeing that every generation has placed a value on the word for its generation. And here again want to come back just use the dark ages as an example. Uh some very brutal history. And one of the stories that touches my heart was they took and they took this whole group men and women and children Christians and stripped them naked and forced them out into the middle of a frozen lake. They're out there. It's winter. It's cold. They now have no shoes. The cold I don't know about you. You know, I've made a mistake a time or two. you know, in the winter time to think somehow I could run down the sidewalk and get something out of my pickup. Yeah. Just that, you know, here to the back and back again and, you know, it takes two hours for your feet to warm up. They heard them out there naked, which is one humiliation. And when you read the scripture and it says that they're blind and naked and don't even know it, they're actually humiliating themselves and don't even realize. But here is this soldier watching them driven on the ice. You know this story, don't you? Amen. Driven on the ice and he's standing there watching that. And they didn't all walk by him and say, you know, you need to be saved. You're going to hell. accept the message of the hour. But he watched them and next thing you know, he's taking off his big thick coat. He's unbuckling his armor. He's doing that. And his fellow soldiers, what are you doing? And he says, "I believe." Amen. No church services, no drawn out witness, no literature piled up on top of desk collecting dusk. He saw a life. Amen. He saw lives that they were willing to give their life for the gospel. That is really incredible. Now the Lord may never require you and I to come to anything anywhere close in a physical realm as that. But we have to give our life. Amen. Without giving our life, Amen. we will labor in vain all the days of our life. Because God doesn't want to own just part of you. He wants to own you. That's right. In fact, there's a title deed been signed in his own blood that declares we belong to him. So, we'll see this. I want to ask you a question. Has Jesus Christ been confirmed in our lives? I I stand here today and say absolutely without a doubt uh he's confirmed. I may be not always the best example. Amen. There might be times, you know, that that under stress and under this and under that, uh, you know, and and you wonder about stress. I'll just throw a side note in here. So, in in the situation of my life, I finally pulled my head out of the sand. I'm doing everything I can uh put my blood sugar in order. Uh, you know, if the Lord carries another 20 years, I I want to be around maybe even to hug a great grandchild or whatever the Lord might do. And and so, you know, I I've started wearing one of those. It's called the Libra. And uh you might wonder why Paul has his phone right here on on the on the pulpit with him. Is because if I get too far away from this, and I want to take this into a spiritual example. I get too far away from this, it starts screaming. Amen. You guys might have here a few services ago, I think right before we went to South Africa. I know some of you kept turning your hairs like, "What am I hearing?" It was laying on the desk in the office in [Music] there and I was like, "Oh my, what have I done? What did I do wrong? Blood sugar's too high. Blood sugar's too low. Blood sugar doesn't exist." Jerry's like, "Yeah, you're too far from your phone." And so you see what I have now is something that constantly affirms to me whether I'm feeding on the right thing or not. Yes, sir. Now, please don't judge me at the next fellowship, okay? I'm still just a sinner saved by grace. the youth meeting the other night. I looked out there and I promise you those Oreos were calling my name. I had to respond. But I tell you what, I had the proof right after that. I was feeding on the wrong thing. And we have in our lives, saints, a very evidence that comes of what we're feeding on. That's right. Got marriage problems, argument in the house. Why don't you both stop? Amen. I'm preaching to Paul and Jerry, too. And let's look at what we've been feeding on. So, I'll get to my point here. I got up the other morning. Sister Jerry fixed me an absolute healthy a breakfast as you can ever eat as a human. And I went to work and in less than two hours later, my blood sugar had two and a half times higher. And I I I just put a question to Sister Jerry, how can this be? We can call it the dawn phenomena. You can do a lot of things. And then Sister Jerry's like, "Oh, remember stress. Oh, stress. I know none of you have any stress in your life, but have you ever made a bad decision because of stress? Someone says, "I want you to do this. I want you to agree to this. I want and and we find ourselves pushed by stress and and pressure and and we respond in a way that we shouldn't. And my brother and sister, I say, Lord, help us that we don't want to lift up a job, amen, a marital situation, a family situation above the word of God. When we lift those things above the word, amen, we're not lifting up Christ. We're lifting up our carnal situations. And God wants you and I to lay down. I know it's hard. I'm saying this to encourage you. God wants us to lay down every carnal earthly thing and lift him up. And when we lift him up, blood pressure goes down, migraines go down, all of these issues all go down when we lift him up. But when we lift up our world carnal things and our opinions and our attitudes and our whatever then suddenly our temples are pounding our heart is pounding we have the sweat and we can't agree on anything. If the wife says you want to eat supper no I don't want to eat supper 15 minutes later what's for supper. You see it's causing us to react in a way God never designed you and I to react. He said take it to the altar. Lay it down. Leave it there. Oh. Oh. Would you pray for me for healing? Look, sister, you need to have faith. You're already healed. Amen. See, but the pressures of the age cause us to think there's got to be another solution besides the solution that God offered us. And if we'll lift him up, he's got an answer for everything. We don't need someone else's opinion. Amen. We don't need some outside influence. We need to just give room for the Lord to have influence in our lives. Amen. I say Jesus Christ has been confirmed in our lives. Not as history, but he's here as a present savior, present healer, a present provider, a present comforter. Amen. And I'm going to say absolutely today he's been confirmed as our comforter. Oh, when life gets stressful, we got to stop and say, "Lord, point me back to the one that is greater than I." Amen. Higher than I. Point me to the rock, Lord. sermon uh confirmation and evidence. Now, please follow this. I would encourage you to just uh because you could if you don't have a note to write it down on, you always can go back and find it. Uh I think this is just an awesome quote. So you see alto together I made a remark if I had two drops of the literal blood of Jesus in a glass how I would hold it to my heart and weep stand there watching that I didn't stumble to spill it as I walked with it wherever I was destined to go with it. how I would watch every step that I wouldn't stumble, placing my feet just where they should be. And I thought, how I would hold those two drops of blood, but you know, now get this. But you know, in the sight of God tonight, setting before me is a greater thing to him than his own blood. Oh my, my brother and sister. I love how the prophet brings this out. Something greater. We would, I believe, sitting here tonight. Amen. You know, we were in Belgium. Amen. And there's a place there. It's a Catholic uh h um I don't know even what you call a shrine. And they claim that they have the literal blood of Jesus Christ. It takes you back to the quote where Brother Brandham says about how that these guys claim they have the spikes and these guys claim they have the spikes and these guys claim they have the spikes. And brother Brown says that means there's like five or six sets of spikes out here. One crucifixion produced five or six sets of spikes. My brother and sister, they're there saying, "Oh, come in here. Drop your money in the box. Come witness the literal blood of Jesus Christ." My brother and sister, what nonsense. What nonsense there was. See, one in that day of the crucifixion, they placed not one drop of value on the literal blood of Jesus Christ. No one was out there saying, "Oh, somebody grab a pan and catch this blood cuz it's going to one day be uh proven to be valuable." So, the prophet here speaking, let me get back focused. Amen. Sitting before me is a greater thing to him than his own blood because it's the purchase of his blood. Hallelujah. Now, let me drive that home in a natural thing. I don't know each of you just think about something that you spent a reasonable amount of money on lately. Reasonable is more than $5. Amen. Maybe add a couple three more zeros or something. You realize that 5,000 you had in your hand, you deemed something else more valuable than that 5,000 in your hand. and you spent it. That's it. So now when you look at that, you can say I spent exactly 5,000 on this. So it's equal to the money I had in my hand. I can write on my financial statement. I don't know what are we going to use. Tractor. You don't buy much of a tractor. You buy one wheel on a tractor for 5,000. How about 500,000? 500,000. Okay. Brother David's asking we raise the limit. But what whatever it might be, I don't know. This this antique clock. And and so really the truth of it is the antique clock is not equal to the 5000. It's actually greater because you were willing to give the 5,000 because this had more intrinsic value to you. Amen. And Jesus Christ spilled his blood for you and I. Amen. Oh, we don't look at it as a couple drops of blood that covered our sin. My brother and sister, let's look at it in this real spiritual economics. God said, "You are greater than my blood." That's right. And I will pour out my blood for you. Amen. He was looking not at a equal trade. He was not looking at what he called a bargain. He said, "That's worth more to me." And the prophet of God, I believe, lays this out so p perfect. Yeah. Perfectly. Amen. He shed his blood for you. And here I hold you and listening tonight of the gospel. then how close I must be to tell you exactly the truth. Because God will make me answer for it at the day of judgment more than if I took the blood, the literal blood, and threw it on the ground. It would be greater penalty to mislead the people, the purchase of his blood, than it would be to throw the blood from the charger that I had it in. Amen. Are we following that? Amen. God would say, "Look, I purchased them." Amen. and you deceive them. Oh my. Yeah. Oh my. Prophet's driving a point home. I'm sure somebody would find some argument with it, but I believe we see it today. How valuable God has placed the value he's placed on you and I today. Amen. Should we not Amen. We'll get there in a second if I'll get going. But should we not be able whether you know I I I'm going to put you to your feet to the fire. How many times have we come to church? We didn't feel like coming to church. And it influenced us the whole church service. I wish the song service would be just a little shorter. Brother Alex could have cut out that one song. Amen. You know, uh I wish that the preacher had only read a half a quote instead of three. I w No, that spirit, that atmosphere robbed you. Amen. Just like a robber with a mask and a gun robbed you. Amen. That's it. And that was our emotion. Oh, no. No. You don't understand. I had a physical physical symptom. Praise God. You know what the prophet God said about that? When you're sick, there's no better place to be than the house of God. Now, sure as I say that, my brother and sister, I have got the man flu before. And I use that word because it's used on me. Oh, the man flu is always worse than the woman flu. I've been there before where I just just feel rung out and I just can't I just can't feel like I can do that. But I'll also tell you just if I can use myself trying to break the habit of using all of you for the example. There's been times I felt so horrible and I came to church. In fact, it's not been that long ago and Brother David was preaching. And Brother David preached till about 9:30 at night. And I'm not bashful to just put that out there. If you want to cringe over it, cringe. He preached about 9:30. Some no doubt thought, "Oh, tomorrow's coming quickly." I'll tell you, I walked out of church happy because by 9:30, 7:30 to 9:30, I walked out without a single symptom of sickness in my body. of the Lord. I would trade that any day, my brother and sister. Or I could sit and complain and decide I can't do it and go home early and be sick all night long and maybe not work the next day or whatever. You see, God's not wanting us, my brother and sister, to lift ourself up. He wants us to lift him up. And when we come and say, you know what? Truly, the Lord is my healer. He's my guide. He's my sword, my shield, my buckler. He's everything to me. God says, "There's my son. There's my daughter lifting me up, putting me in a position above Leodysia, above the pharmacy. Hallelujah. I've lost myself." So, how close I must be to tell you exactly the truth because God will make me answer for it on the day of judgment. more than if I took the blood, the literal blood, and threw it on the ground. That's how much he values you. Hallelujah. Can someone say, "Thank you, Lord." Yep. Yep. I think it's a very interesting point because see, you are the purchased. And he's placed a greater value on what he purchased than on the price that he paid for it. Amen. And we look at this as our Lord Jesus Christ laid down his life. Amen. Now remember as Jesus walked on the earth, he dealt in an earthly value. In other words, he got hungry. He got tired. He's dealing in an earthly value. So we can't overspiritualize like him giving his life was no big deal. No, my brother and sister, he felt pain just like you do. He felt the hunger pain just like you do. And the stress of who he was and what God called him to do. And as he looked around and saw those that were rejecting the price that was being paid. Amen. It must have been a stress beyond belief. But yet he said, "I've got to do it. I'm not as it were paying a price." Now, this is just my words, okay? So don't I'm not just paying a price. I'm making an investment. Amen. Amen. And this is going to increase in value to being a soul that would be bound to hell to a soul worth 10,000 worlds. You talk about an investment. Oh my. Wall Street if they had an opportunity to make that kind of investment would pour everything they've got into that. And God says, "That's what I'll do for you. I'm gonna I'm gonna do this for you." Amen. Here again, kind of being redundant. He placed a higher value on you. Amen. And this does not lessen the value of the blood. That's right. Don't go thinking, "Oh, he redeemed me with his blood, so the blood really wasn't." No, the blood is an incredible supernatural value. That's right. And that's how much God placed on us. Oh my. We should be able to lift him up. Amen. Amen. We should be able just hold him. Amen. As the highest Hebrews 13 12-16, wherefore Jesus always that he might sanctify the people with his own blood. That's right. Suffered without the gate. See, he had to fulfill the scripture, my brother and sister. Let us go therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach. From here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come. By him therefore, let us offer the sacrifice. Uhoh. That's it. Uhoh. Should I rewind? And we I've got another scripture I can read. Come on, saints. Before I go any further, I just want to put this out here. Too many people think when the preacher is saying worship him, give him praise, that we're literally trying to get, oh, brother Paul wants some affirmation that he's that he's saying the right thing. Hey, I know my limitations. I know that I should right the minute you speak it. Oh, should have used that word. Right the minute you go through something that's like didn't quite present that the way I thought it would come out. Oh, what about my brother and sister? This is not about affirmation for the preacher. This is about a son of God. Hear me well. It's about a son of God anointed to speak the words to you to tell you, "Come on, God who paid a price with his blood to redeem you, to lift you up in value, would like to hear you say, "Thank you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I want to serve you, Lord." He just wants to hear you. It's not the preacher. Maybe some are in the flesh want to hear that and do that. But my brother and sister, it's an encouragement. Break us out of our rut, Lord. Break us out of our limitation, Lord. Let us lift our voices and give praise to you. Not stand here and say, "Yeah, that's the truth. Yeah, that's the truth. That's what the prophet said. Yeah, that's the truth." What about you? Amen. What about you, my brother and sister? Amen. Let me just throw this in. The 10 vision, people thought it had to come to pass in a physical realm. The prophet of God went for many years believing they were buying a tent and going to drive around the country. Had the truck lined up, the brother to drive the truck around, brothers to put the tent up to go around. And then right at the end, without bold statement, he starts to talk about how that that tabernacle is you. Amen. Don't need to go to the park and set you up. Amen. He's got a habitation and he paid for the habitation and he wants to dwell in the habitation he paid for. And it's there that we come to realize the tent vision is you and I in the flesh manifested in this day. A living tabernacle read of all men. Amen. Amen. And he says, I'd do it again. I'd pay that price for you again, but I don't need to. No, one mill scoch. I don't know if that's a measurement. One millcoso of the blood of Jesus Christ seals forever. We don't got to run back and get a little bit more. Get a little bit more. Get a little bit more. What we got to do is stay under the blood that he's already given us. Amen. Cuz that blood will preserve us. It's powerful. Hallelujah. And the word says they're going to be like him. We're going to have his spirit and we're going to be treasures in earth and vessel. Amen. Why would God call us treasure in earth and vessel if we had no value? That's it. I don't know. Maybe it's just a Did any of you read pirate stories when you were a kid? I loved pirate stories. The pirate, he's got all this treasure. The smart ones didn't go bury it in the sand on the shores of Florida. They went and put it somewhere where they could take good care of it. You see, God doesn't want us to just say, "I'm so busy in my life, my career, my family, my this, my that," that we just chunk it down and think we're going to come back and pick it up. But the sands of the moving of the seashore of the waves of life will come back and one day they come and say, "I know I got a treasure here somewhere. I was raised in the message. I was raised in a Christian home. I used to serve God. I used to do this and I used to do that." And the lapping of the waters of the cares of life. I don't know if you read stuff. Anytime I see it, it catches my attention. I just read there there's a spot off of a I can't even remember the name of the uh town right now uh down the beach from St. Augustine, Florida. Uh and uh there's actually very much documented that these ships had been anchored right there during a big storm and sank. When the morning come, they were no no longer there. And um at one point in time, you know, the tip of the mast of one of those ships, you know, this is 16 something was sticking up out of the water. They knew the ships were there. They knew they were full of gold, but they were going to wait for another day to retrieve it. And then the sea destroys all evidence. There was a man who did all kinds. He's found some treasure because he's willing to dig through the history of the treasure and he took the history of the treasure. And then he proceeded to spend several million dollars and people are like, "You're just stabbing in the dark." And he says, "No, the history of the treasure says the treasure is there." That's right. Are you with me, saints? Amen. My history of the treasure says it's in an earthn vessel. Amen. I'm not going to go look at a a gold statue in the church. Amen. Have you guys ever been there? I don't know, maybe you have, but when you go to Belgium, there's some humongous, incredible churches. Even my voice sounds good in there. And there's also another evidence the prophet talked about. And we're walking through these places. And here's a statue of the Apostle Paul. Yeah. man's idea of what Apostle Paul looked like. But I was impressed. And a little note there, they've had to replace the foot on the Apostle Paul five times. And we're standing there and we're witnessing people coming up. I'm not mocking them. Don't misunderstand me. But look how misguided. If they would put their hands on the word, they would find what they were searching for. But they're going to a stone statue and they are rubbing it and crying out in prayer with bitter tears dripping from their faces crying out. And I didn't understand the language so I don't know what they were praying about but I can assure you they were sincere. Amen. But they failed to realize. Look this is why saints people want to say well the seventh seal is it really important? It is important because you have to recognize it's not God in the building. It's not God in the statue. It's not God in history. It's God in you. Amen. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. Don't go looking out here somewhere for it. Don't go over here. We got to go north, south, east, west. We got to go. I'm sorry. I'm just going to go ahead and say it. I've heard people say right to my face. I've got some affliction in my body. And we're not supposed to cross the chains at brother Brandham's tomb, but I'm going to go there and I'm going to lay my hand on that gravestone. And I believe that's going to heal me. My brother and sister, if they just lay a hand on the word. Amen. And have faith in the word. The word would come and heal them. You don't have to go and travel somewhere to lay your hand on something. Look how it was. We know the Apostle Paul just the mere shadow falling upon the people. There was such a presence of God there. But those people, let's not twist this around. Those people, just as the prophet of God said, it's your faith. That shadow fell on people that believed. They weren't there just, oh, Paul's shadow. Incredible. No, sir. They believed God was going to come and answer their prayer. And he did. Hallelujah. We're the ones that get it all confused. Now, it's Paul's shadow, Paul's handkerchief, Paul's this, Paul's that. No, my brother and sister, it's faith in God. If we lift him up. That's right. He said, "I will come." That's right. In your presence. That's right. And draw all men unto me. Oh, let's go back to this subject that's a little bit tough. Amen. Uh by him therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise. This is what God looks like. Don't be all sad and teary and boohoo. I got to go offer this sacrifice. It should be something we have joy in our heart. Once again, let me remind you I would really appreciate some specials in the church. That would make my heart happy. I can't do it like the sisters and whoever do, but something of this order. I hope you don't mind just a tad bit of humor. Let the sacrifice of praise to God continually, not just in church on Sunday or Wednesday. That is the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. But to do good and to communicate, forget not. For with such sacrifices, God is well pleased. Amen. Forgive me for implying that. I just really honestly from my heart would just love to see more specials. Now, acknowledgement that God sees your praise as a sacrifice and honors it. It makes him happy. to see our sacrifice of praise and uh you know it's there that is important enough. He mentions it. Amen. He ties it right in the word. It's important enough. If it didn't matter, saints, he wouldn't bother to put in his word. And if it's in his word, we shouldn't look at it like, nah, it doesn't matter. We should look at it and say, you know what, Lord, let us praise. Whether it's just church worship, I'm not I'm I'm I'm going to back away from pressure on specials except for, you know, Sister Gabriella's got a beautiful voice whenever she chooses to share it. Um anyway, um no, look at this, my brother and sister. What God is wanting is our continual praise. In the good time, that's right, I'll praise his name. in the bad times. I'll praise his name. It's what he's looking for. Okay, I'm going way longer. I didn't think I had enough notes to get through a service here. He him. Amen. And I think that's just about where our churches are getting. It's pretty rough quote really when you look at this. Brother Brown just doesn't mince anything. I think that's just about where our churches are getting. We're children of God, but we're losing our inheritance by our conduct, the things that we do and the things that we permit to be done and the way that we live and act and so forth. We're living millions of miles below our privilege. And then someone can see the work of God being done and Dr. So and so and Dr. Jones says it's this, the other doctor says it's this. And we believe it instead of looking into the word. That's right. The word verifies that. What's sheep food? It comes out of the word. Hallelujah. I actually have quite a bit more here. So, amen. If the musicians would come, would appreciate it. Amen. See, the word in us gives us the ability to lift Christ higher. Amen. Without the word in us, we can only lift him so far. We raise him as a religious figure. Yeah. Right. Amen. That's right. But you know what? This is the thing that's so beautiful, saints. We are by God's grace changing the atmosphere around us. Amen. Sometimes we think, boy, is it ain't changing fast enough for me. Well, the word says God's right on time. Amen. Lord, don't let us be the ones that that hold it back. You see, no one said it'd be easy. No, sir. I'll tell you, my brother and sister, just as it was, if our eyes were opened, there's two things would shock us. How many devils there are truly on the earth would shock us. And it would also shock us how many angels were surrounding us. We look out in the world today and it's wicked. It It's just unspeakable. The wickedness and I you could preach the rest of your life on how wicked this world is. But that won't change us. Amen. But if we focus on our Lord Jesus Christ, we could focus the rest of our life on how incredible, how wonderful, how precious, how gracious and kind he is. We could never run out. Let's just choose, Amen. to look at our Lord Jesus Christ. And while we're looking on him, let us choose, to lift him up. Amen. not be ashamed to give praise. Worst days of our lives, South Africa, I'll be a little vague here, interacted with with brothers and they beared their hearts shared talking about discouragement, talking about anxieties and fears. And then by God's grace, we steer the conversation. But brother, what has the Lord done for you lately? The atmosphere changed immediately. That's right. That's right. Let's get the Lord on the scene. Amen. Let the atmosphere change. He is my redeemer. That's right. He is my savior. He's my all and all. Amen. He's my healer. I got affliction in my body. He's still my healer. I'm having migraines. He's still my healer. I can't hardly walk. He's still my healer. Amen. Amen. [Music] I'll cut it off right there. Amen. Things that are to be. You can actually go back into last couple sermons I've preached. I I I won't read it. I'll get distracted. Um but uh I'll just draw this one line out of this quote. Because you have to stand and be married to the perfect son of God. You must be a perfect bride. And the Lord would have never called you if he wouldn't perfect you to be that bride. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. Just worship the Lord a little bit. Amen. Now, this ties back to that quote, but I'll just say it anyway. You can follow it. I know you will. From our perfect position in Jesus Christ. From there, let us lift up the name of Jesus. Amen. Not from a insufficient. If I was if I was a better Christian, if I was a better believer, if I was, I would then be able to praise God. No, you're in a perfect position. He said you were. Just praise him. That's right. And that actually will draw you into a more perfect position. Amen. Not waiting to come there, but go there and watch it move you. Amen. God bless you today, saints. Amen. Number 64, Brother Alex. Amen. Hallelujah. Can't believe how hard a time I found to find this song. I had parts of the words I just couldn't even figure it out. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can. Oh, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like the sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifted me. Let's sing it again. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. I lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me 890. Hallelujah. Amen. Is it good to be Christians? Amen. Hallelujah. Boy, I might need some help. Brother [Music] Alex, Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. Let's just give him praise today, saints. Oh Lord, I bend my knees in awe and fear of thee. My head bow down in reence to your [Music] name. Lord, I lift your name. your holy name. [Music] Jehovah God him beyond the great I am our lamb my comforter and my Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with the spirit. Oh, that's my desire today. My purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul to worship and [Music] adore to be a fragrance offered to your name. Lord, I lift your name. your holy name. Jehovah God. Hello him the great I am the risen lamb my comforter and king. Oh Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim, the great. I am the risen lamb, my comforter and king. Hallelujah. Stay in the same key. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. We give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. We give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. and sing. I give worship. I give worship to your name, oh Lord. Worship to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I give worship to your name, oh Lord, worship to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Amen. Let's go to number 826. [Music] KFC. 8:26. [Music] Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift a holy name Hello him. How we long to worship you. [Music] Elim how we long to worship you. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the [Music] situation, we will lift up holy hands. [Music] Elimin how we long to worship you. Hello him. How we long to worship you. Amen. Do you know the song All That really Counts to KFD number 955. Sing that before we dismiss. All that really counts. All that's really true, all that really matterers, Lord, is you. Everything to gain, nothing now to lose. All I ever really want is you. One more time. All that really counts, all that's really true, all that really matters, Lord, is you. Everything to gain, nothing now to lose. All I ever really want is you. Amen. Well, God bless you saints. You're dismissed. Hope you have a good Sunday and we'll see you next time. [Music] [Music]
