################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - May 28, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart Here Am I, So Relax and Let Go - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   May 28, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart "Here Am I, So Relax and Let Go"
Speaker: David Dienhart
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bah4vMNE3LA
========================================

Description:
"His Works You'll Do"
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] a little bit behind. Um, God bless you. Good evening. Good to see each one. Not many, but still look forward to a good service. Amen. Let's go to number 447. [Music] I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see. And the reason of my bliss, yes, the secret all is this, that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelu, he abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me and he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelu. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. Let's go to number [Music] 621. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. Says the city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there come it no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright will be changed to clouds and rain until we go to the city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night, I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is the light. There the flowers bloom forever and the day shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there and went free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our disappointments all the while. And our fondest hopes but meet with bitter blood. Though by night we weep, the morning brings a smile. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care I am going where the lamb is the light. Then let sunlight fade the twilight bring its gloom. Not a shadow can my blissful soul a fright. For I know that up in heaven there is room. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care I am going where the lamb is the light. Amen. Let's go to number two. Um 247 before we go to the [Music] prayer. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be [Music] saved. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. You are the one I pray. You are the one I praise. Fill me, oh Lord, and I will be filled. Save me and I will be saved. saved. Fill me, oh Lord, and I will be filled. You are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. Heal me now. Oh, heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. You are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Let's remember brother Paul as he's out farming. So just remember him and the family and also brother Pashan, sister Kcha, and baby Isaac. Just remember them in prayer. Um brothers, brother Trev, sister Carrie. Uh sounds like they were trying to make it tonight, but there was some traffic and load road closures, so weren't able to. Also the Grahams family and the Lunsford family. Let's remember them and brother Sergey and brother Vicilia on the road today. Amen. That's all I have for tonight. So, let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just come before you, Lord, this evening with uh praise in our hearts. Lord, we love you, Lord. We thank you for this opportunity, for the time we have to gather together, Lord, to worship your name, believing and claiming that you're here tonight with us as we've gathered, Lord. and we just invite you to come and commune with us, Lord Jesus. Touch our hearts through the preaching of the word. Lord, I pray that you bless my brother David. Speak through him, Lord God. Anoint his lips, Lord, and speak to ours, to our uh to our ears. And uh we will just rejoice and receive, Lord, as we hear your word. We pray for these knees, Lord, for those who cannot be here tonight. Brother Paul out farming, just pray that you give them strength and touch them with your Holy Spirit. Now Lord for brother Trevor and sister Carrie just bless them Lord God be with them. Brother Pashan, sister Aancha and baby Isaac just touch them Lord give them strength and just make your presence be known to them Lord. the Grahams family and the Lunsworth family. Lord Jesus, I just pray that you strengthen them, Lord. Be their peace, Lord. Be there for them, Lord, as as they need you for comfort. And uh, Brother Vil and Brother Sergey on the road. Just keep them safe, Lord. Bring them home safe. And we just commit all these into your hands. Lord, you see our hearts, Lord. We just open ourselves before you and and and just yield and pray that you have the preeminence and have your way tonight. Lord, we thank you. We love you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's uh go to number 255. He is our peace. Peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our [Music] peace. He is our [Music] peace. Cast all your cares on him. him for he cares for you. He is our [Music] peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. who has broken down every [Music] wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. I cast all my cares on him for he cares for me. He is my [Music] peace. He is my peace. I cast all my care on him for he cares for me. He is my peace. peace. He is my peace. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He is our peace. And I like the words that he breaks down every wall. Amen. As we invite brother David to come, let's sing number two um 206. I love you, Lord. I love you Lord and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. Let's dance together. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, my King in what you hear. Let it be a sweet sweet. Let's sing that once more time. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] May he grant it tonight. May our hearts be centered on one thing. He's in our midst tonight. He's here. If you've come to meet him, he's here. You're going to get what you expect. You say, "Well, there's not many here." That does not mean anything to the Lord. Where two or three are gathered in my name, there am I in the midst. Now, he's here and he will do abundantly above what you can ask or even think or even desire. So, let's look to him. Don't notice the two bit 2x4 preacher out here, this lump of clay, but you notice him in his word. That's what he wants you to see. He wants you to see himself in you. He wants you to come to realize your position, who you are. And so, I'm thankful for his mercy. I'm thankful that he's present. And I'm thankful we're gathered together and we are expecting him to move according to his will. I appreciated the song he carth or I that's not the name of it but in there he carth for you. That's exactly right. Do you believe he cares for you? The Bible he carth for you. It's not someone just cares a far off out here. No, he carth for you. Every bit of your going and coming, he's ordering and directed bride. Do you realize that he's in control? you try to take control, it won't ever work. But if you'll let go and let him have control, you'll see him manifest himself more and more. Amen. God bless you. The musicians, God bless you. Amen. I just greet those that are online. May the Lord open his word to us and bless his word tonight. That's what we're asking to do. May he bless his word. Let's have a word of prayer before we open the word. Heavenly Father, we give praise to you which you are worthy of all praise, all honor, all glory. And we know we cannot truly worship you except we worship you in spirit and in truth. The spirit and the word must come together. And that's what's happening in your little bride, Lord. The spirit and the word are uniting, too, because he can't marry outside of himself. He marries himself. He marries his own word. And so, Father, we're thankful for this great unity that we have in this hour. A great relationship, a great uh participation, not only a participation, but you are but you are partnership partnering partning with man. And we Lord, we acknowledge this. May you take my this vessel, speak your words as as far as I know right now, I'm in your total control. May you minister to every individual heart as they have need. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. I'd like you to turn with me to the book of Ephesians. I have scripture here and I'll let you be seated. I've got other scriptures as the Lord will lead here tonight. And I want to title this here am I so relax. Let go. Here am I. So relax. Let go. His works. If I was to put a subject here, his works you'll do. Amen. Because why? God has a prisoner, a bride, a love, a love. He called a love slave, but is a prisoner. We are prisoners of his love. Amen. Amen. So thankful for his grace and mercy. Let's just take our minds off. And now what the affairs of today because when you come in with things on your mind, what you think about is an atmosphere. What you speak is an atmosphere. And so we want to bring the atmosphere of his presence. We have come here for one purpose, not to be seen of others. We've come to meet him. And that's my purpose isn't to be seen. My purpose is to give myself to him and let him speak through this vessel. He wants to reveal himself in you and use your vessel. I wonder how many of us would realize that and let go and recognize. I say God, let us realize, keep revealing to us that we are prisoners, a prisoner of Jesus Christ. And wait patiently on him. We get in such a hurry. Everything's a hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. Because we live in a hurry up age. We live in a nervous tension. Riches, soft living. We weren't meant to be that way. We're meant to depend completely upon God, but because we have an outer man that's against it. My enemy is David Deanhard. He's always getting in God's way, but God is taking him out of the way. God is showing me my position of who I am and taking authority over this clay. And so, let's let's realize that that we are at the very end of of the time. And so, God bless you. Ephesians 2 and verse 10. For we, is there any we in here? For we are his workmanship. Created in Christ Jesus. Where are we created? We are created in in Christ Jesus. He come he was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. When God made man, become the son. He was the fullness of God in one man. And so, but we were in him when he was a created. How many know he was a created being? Amen. God created himself in the womb of a of a of a woman, a a carrier. And and that was God's creation. But when he created that, he created you. You were in him. So, we got to realize that we are his workmanship. Amen. There's a there's a great difference when you being his workmanship. Amen. And that's a great understanding. So being his workmanship in Christ Jesus unto good works. Notice we are created for a purpose. We are brought into the earth for a purpose. That's unto good works which God hath depended upon you to make happen. Not at all. Not at all. It's his achieving. It's his doing. Salvation is absolutely of the Lord alone. And and and we are created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained. Now do you believe he can keep what he ordained? Which God hath before ordained that we should walk that we should walk in them. Now that's taken therefore with this scripture and we'll go on to it further. That's taken that completely out of your hands as a man. You don't have to look to do good works. The good works will be there. They're there. They've been ordained of God. If you're in Christ Jesus, your works are already, your good works are alreadyained of God that you would walk in them. So, quit complaining on where you are and who you are and what God made you to be. You find fault. We're finding fault. Well, I don't like this. I don't like this pos. I don't like this situation. I don't like this atmosphere. But God allowed it. But God's in control. Amen. You're not in control. So you're out of control. But when you're in control is when you submit yourself to the Lord Jesus and let him work through you. God wants to work through you. He's partnership with you. He wants to work through you. So he's saying, "Here am I. Relax. Let go." All right. You can be seated. I'd like you to turn with me to Galatians chapter two. You say, "Well, relax." But yeah, I'm talking about relaxing in something. I'm not talking about you just letting go and happy golucky and no, I'm I'm saying relax in him. Then relax. If he's in you and he's controlling the thing, what else do you have to do but just relax, let off the pressure. Amen. Amen. Philippians or excuse me, Galatians chapter 2 and verse 20. These are very familiar scriptures. But oh, I don't care how familiar the scriptures are. You you you have a lot of but until God reveals it, it's just intellectual. You're intellectually you receive it but then God has to take that and quicken it to you, reveal it to you. Amen. So Galatians 2:20, I am crucified with Christ. Amen. Can you say amen? I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I. Paul wants you to know that it's not Paul, but Christ livingth in me. Amen. And the life and the life which I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith. By the faith. Whose faith? Of the son of God, his own faith. Remember the believer is the faith of God. Where does faith rest? Where do you find faith? In the word. Amen. Because before it was a word, it was a thought. And that thought existed in God. And he expressed that thought. When he expressed that thought, he expressed his faith because when he expressed it in a word, he believed what he said. Amen. All right. So we find faith in the word. So the believer is the faith of God. Not not your faith. It's God's faith. Right? The believer is the faith of God or the seed of God made alive and quickened moving in you. That's why the bride could say that the word living would be the bride. The bride would be the word living and in action. All right. So, let me read this again. I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I. It's not I living, but Christ liveth in me. And the life now, that's a new creature. That's a new life. That's a that's a created life. See, the new birth is a spoken word creation. It's not something you imagine. is something you have, you know, and it's alive, living. It's Christ in you. And I'm I I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh. I live what life? What life is he living in the flesh? He said it wasn't his his life. Then what life is it? It's eternal life. It's Christ's own life. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God. Now watch this. Who loved me and gave himself for me. Well, you say, "Yes, brother David, that's so." He gave himself, but it's more than just somebody dying on a tree 2,000 years ago. What does that have to do with me now? Because he gave himself. He imparted himself. Now, that one that died poured out that blood. life was in that blood and now comes in us. He gave his own life for us. Where does that life go? Where is it gone? He's gone to his people. He He redeemed his own, right? But there's a next step from redemption is the claiming what he redeemed. And that's the opening of this seals. That's the opening of the book. And so, and so because why? Now, I'm going to step ahead of this because another sermon, but because you are the word opened in the book. Amen. So, so where's this life? He He gave himself. It wasn't just something you say, well, you know, everybody just believes, well, yeah, Jesus gave himself, but it's more than that. He gave himself so you would live. He gave himself so you would manifest him. It's himself in you. He gave himself. Now, there should be no that should take away the friction. That should take away the fr frustration. That should take away the fretting. Amen. Because he's given himself for you and I. For me, me individually. Me. Yeah. It's a life lived. It isn't It isn't a religion lived. Don't ever let this message become your religion. That's right. Amen. It's a life. It's eternal life. It's not church life. It's not this life. It's not another. It's his life. Amen. Living in you. Amen. Growing in you. If we had growing in the bride to a full stature. Amen. It's it's beyond the birth now. Amen. To the bride. It's beyond the birth. It's the birth. That word birth growing into a word bride. Amen. Amen. She's here for one thing. The message of the hour is a capstone ministry. She's here to manifest that. Amen. So, he gave himself for me. I don't want to get off on these sides because I have things I need to bring here. So, God help me. John 20. Let's go to John chapter 20. John chapter 20 and verse 21 and 22. Verse 21. Then said Jesus unto them again. Let's start up here with verse 20. No, let's just stay with verse 21. Then said Jesus to them again, peace be unto you. He's meeting with his disciples. He came when the door was shut and he said, "Peace be." But he said again, "Peace be unto you. As my father hath sent me," now watch this. "As my father hath sent me, even so send I you." Verse 22. And when he had said this, he breathed on them again, and saith unto them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Now, his word is being breathed on you tonight. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, he's breathing on you, saying, "Receive it." Amen. You say, "Well, that's just No, it's that simple. He just said, "Peace be unto you." He said, "As my father has sent me, as my father has sent me, so send you." And then he said, "Receive ye. Breathe unto them. breathe on them and saith unto them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. I gave myself for you." What did I give to you? I'm giving it to you right there. Receive ye the Holy Spirit. Holy Ghost. Whosoever sins you remit, they are remitted unto them. And whosoever sins you retain, they are retained. So there's power. There's a there's there's authority in that life. Now, it's him that comes in. It's not you anymore living. It's him. Paul said, "It's not I that liveth, it's Christ that liveth in me." Amen. Amen. So in First John, 1 John 3, 1 John chapter 3 verse 1. Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore the world knoweth not us. That's mankind. That's not that is the world. Mankind knoweth therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. Now it knoweth us not because it knew him not. So why would he say that? Because his life is in you. Now what manner of love hath God bestowed upon us that we could be called the sons of God? Therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. Beloved, verse two, beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know when he shall appear. Now, brother, sister, you can differ with this. Many of and every scripture is has a dual revelation. We know by the message, by the word, by the seals being opened, we know that he's appeared. Amen. We know that. And when he appears, it it's not just it's just not happening. Well, when he appears, we meet him in the sky. We're going to meet him. But first, there has to be an appearing here. There has to be a fulfilling of his second coming because when that takes place there, that's opening the third coming. We we there's three comingings of Christ, but we're in his second. Amen. Because what was how was he to appear to us in this day? He was to appear the same one, but in another form. It's the same Christ. Amen. Amen. Now watch. He said, "For when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him." That see is understanding. For we shall see him as he is. Now dropping back here to St. John 20 21. He He that knows me knows my father. Now St. John 14:20, let me just back here a little bit. You don't turn to this, but St. John 14:20, Jesus said, "At that day, you shall know." Not imagine, you shall know. And we know, we had a prophet interpret that scripture saying, "We are in that day." We knew we were in that day because this is the day for this to be fully known. He said, he said, "At that day," that's this day, "you shall know." Now, ye, I know that there's ye here, he's talking specifically to an individual. You shall know. Amen. You shall know that I am in my father, and ye in me, and I in you. Okay, that's something you know. Yes. Amen. Amen. Because why? It's revealed to you. This new birth is Jesus Christ revealed in you is the new birth. Amen. If you're born again, that's who it is. That's who you are. That's that new creation. All right. You're his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works. Unto good works. Now, if God ordained you to do good works, who's going to stop it? Who's going to say it can't be done? You just need to let go and relax and let him do it. We're always trying to get in the way trying to find a way to do good works. You don't need to go out here seeking to do good works, trying to find ways to do good works. Stop you trying to do it and let him do it. He'll inspire. He'll direct. He'll guide you to be where you are. He'll He'll direct you and guide you in those works. We're always trying to figure it out. Quit trying to figure it out. He never asked you to figure it out. He said he's already ordained you to good works which he hath before ordained that you would walk in them. So let go and let God have his wonderful way. He's the one that's leading. You may not understand. You may not know why, but all things work together for good to them that love God, to them that are called according to his purpose. Now, you can either settle that in your heart and quit your striving and struggling about it and give away to it and say, "God, it's all in your hands. I'm born of your spirit. You've given yourself to me. It's your life living in me. Then what am I struggling for?" Right? Because you have an outer man that doesn't believe the word. It's an evil one. It's an enemy to you. But he's can't conquer you because you're of God. And because you're of God, greater is he that is in you than he is of the world. Then why question where he's guiding you? He already has control over you. You either believe that or you don't. Now you're going to get what you believe. That's right. You're going to have what you believe. Amen. That's exactly right. You can believe you. You're taking Don't try to find fault with God. He's your his workmanship. He He already He already created you. He was the firstborn among the dead. He was the first one I mean the the living firstborn to raise among the dead. He's the firstborn among many creatures. Is he? Who's his creations? You are his body is the fullness of him that filth all in all. Now I haven't got that scripture but notice he is the head of the body which is the church which is the fullness of him. Hello. Which is the fullness of him that fillth all in all. In other words, he fillth every one of those members. He's directing it. He's the head. Then why not just relax and let go and let him lead? Amen. Amen. Quit threatening about it and struggling over it and say, "God, I accept your promise. I accept your word. I'm accepting your leadership. Your ways are perfect. Your ways in me and your leadership of me can't be anything but perfect." And you have also said that because of that, my way is made perfect. Right. Amen. Amen. All right. So, who's who's in your way? Who is it that would hinder you? I'll tell you who's hindering it. It's man called David is hindering me. But when I can move David out of the way and quit trying quit trying to quit trying to do things in my own thinking and my own and my own way and relax and let him have his way. You know what? We have need of patience. And my mother always used to say, "God is working. God is faithful. Only wait." That's the truth. God is working. How many believe he's working? God is faithful. You don't understand it because his thoughts are higher than your carnal thought. His ways are higher than your ways. But you are his workmanship and he's living in you. Then let him work his work. Let him do what he wants to do. Let him let him let him do it. Well, I don't understand it. He never asked you to understand it. He said, "Do you believe it?" Then you are in a trust affair or a love affair with God. If you're in a love affair with him, you're going to depend on him. You're going to say, "Lord, I know that you're in me. I know that you're leading me. I'm born of your spirit. You gave yourself for me." Yes, Lord. Amen. Then why am I reacting contrary to your word? Because God's not watching that. You say, "Well, I failed. I fail all the time. Listen, you you're we are flaw. We are flawed people. But God's not judging us by the flaws. He's trying to get you to see that being born of his spirit, you are a new creation. You're not of this old creation. You're a new creation. God's not judging you by the ways of the flesh. He's judge he's taken and put his spirit in you to get you to realize all you need to do is relax and let go and let him do it. Amen. Depend on him. re rest in him. Amen. We don't have to go out seeking how to do good works. Just follow him. He inspires it to be done. Do it. How many know he'll inspire you to do something? You be going along, all of a sudden it's inspired. You You just move it. Do what he said to do. You do your part. He's got to back up his part. Amen. Amen. Is that right? What's your part? Believe what he said. Conduct yourself with joy amidst the trials that he and his wisdom has allowed to come to pass. Well, I don't like my position where I'm at. So, you find fault with it. You're finding fault with God. You're finding fault with his leadership. That's right. Amen. Amen. All right. All right. Because he said when he would appear and he's appeared. He's appeared in the heavens. He had his picture taken. He's appeared. He's uniting. His head has come with the to the body. He's appearing. Where's he appearing? In the bride form. Where is his appearing? It's in you. Here I am I. So relax. Let go. His works you'll do. St. John 14:20 said, "He that believeth in me." Yes. Now I know the scripture said, "On me." The prophet made a correction on that. Said the translators, "It should have been in me." Hello. Amen. Now, so he said, "But he that and brother Ram quotes it that way. He says, now let me let me well, I'll yes, I'll I'll go on with this. In that day, you'll know that I'm in my father, father me, and I in you. You'll know that I am in you." Amen. Well, I don't like the way he made me. He made you the way he wanted you to be. He put qualities in you that I don't have and he put qualities in me that you don't have. And so we must we So the body works together as a unit. Amen. Amen. It's a varied body. You're the body of Christ and members in particular. In particular means you're different. I'm different. I'm speaking to different people tonight. I could be preaching this right here tonight and somebody else preaching the same thing, but preaching it that way for those people there. But we're saying the same thing and we're seeing that happen over and over again in the body. Why? Because it's the mind of God working through his body. How is he displaying himself? He works in and through his bride. Pick up your pen and write. He said he works in and through his bride. Amen. What's the secret of this? She has his mind. The word is in the bride. The word is in the bride. Living, moving, acting. The the word. The word is in the bride and in that word is his faith. Amen. Where do you find faith? In the word. Amen. God isn't in his church. God is in the word. If the word's in the church, God's in the church. Is that right? So, the word is in you. The word is leading you. Why find fault with how God's leading you? You say, "Well, I'm just depending on Well, then you're depending on somebody else. You're not depending on him. He asked you to depend on him. Amen. He put you there. He put you in a position. He He gave you the family year round. He's the one that put you in a certain church. He's the one that brought you there. Why find fault with his leading? Right. He just said you're his workmanship and he ordained that you would do good works and walk in it. Then can we trust him? Can we believe that? Amen. Is there something in you that's question or do we really believe that? Oh Lord, that's right. You said it. He that he he knows he that knows me knows my father. So he that knows me knows my father. Jesus just said it. In that day you'll know that I'm in my father and ye in me and I in you. So he that's in me knows my father. Hello. That scripture tells you who you are right there. If you're in him, who are you? If he's in you, who are you? And if he's in you, who's then he's you are now his son. What manner of love hath the father bestowed upon us that we are called in the scripture? He called it, he placed it. He gave himself for you that you would be the word manifested in flesh, the son. He made you that way. Yes, he makes no faults. He doesn't fail. The Bible says in Psalm 139:14 that you're fearfully and wonderfully made. Then why don't we go back? You can read. I don't have time to read it. Read Psalm 139. You were substance in his thinking before there was any part of you there. You were in his thoughts, a substance in his mind. You existed right there. And you come down here in your day to manifest the word of promise for this day. Then he then look at brother sister. This is enough that ought to make you just shout for glory. You are his workmanship. He makes no junk. That's right. He doesn't whatever he does is perfect and you're his workmanship created. You're already created in the beloved. You're already accepted then in the beloved. You are already under his purpose. You are chosen in him. Thank you Lord. Let him achieve what he wants to achieve through you. Then just follow. Deny yourself. Take up your cross. Take up the cross. Reckon yourself dead. Well, you say I'm very much alive. This Well, then reckon it dead. Yes. Amen. Reckon it. Other words. Other words, you crucified with him. You were buried with him. You rose with him. The inner man, that inside, the inside is his workmanship. He's already created you in Christ Jesus. He's already received you. You are in his power. He gave himself for you that you would his life would live through you. That's enough right there to relax. That's right. That's enough right there because St. John 14, watch this. St. John 14:12 said, "The works that I do shall you do also." He did not say, "The works I did do." That's good. Yeah. He didn't say that. He said, "The works I do." Then where is he working? In you. Yeah. The works I do shall he that believeth in me, he believed in me before the foundation of the world. He's a believer. Amen. When were you believing in him? Did you just become a believer? You didn't become seed by the rebirth. You always were seed. Amen. Then let's relax. Let off the pressure. He's made everything perfect for you. Can we believe that? Can we accept that? Can we see that he said so? Then will he not do what he said? Will he not govern you? Will he not direct you? Is he going to make a Is he flawed? No, he's not flawed. He's flawless. And being in him, we are absolutely flawless. I don't care how many flaws you have here. This doesn't identify who I am. Who I am is the created word in me. He's gave himself for me. That's his love for you. Will not your love go back to him then and be and and say Lord my I'm a prisoner of your love and I you love me unconditionally and my love comes back to you unconditionally. No matter what state I'm in, I'm there with content because my love is not based on condition. My love for the Lord Jesus is not based on condition. It's based on his love for you, his word of promise to you. He gave himself for you that you would live and he's moving in you because he gave himself. It's himself that you have. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. See, see. So, he never said he never said the works that I He said, "The works I do. He that believeth in me, the works I do." He didn't say, "The works I did do, you shall do also." He said, "The works I do, shall you do also. Amen. Then who's doing the works? He is. Because he's already ordained that you would walk in good works. Then let him let's let him fulfill those works. Let's let off the pressure. You say, "Well, you just don't know how I feel." Get off your feelings. Get off your reasoning. trying to push your reasoning around and take God at his word because he said so and leave it alone and let's believe it that way. Amen. A child won't try to reason with it and himhaw about it. Daddy said so and that settles it. He will do what he said. Hallelujah. I don't mean to scream at you. I'm talking like I'm talking to a hundred out here. You just have to pardon me. That's what I am. And I'm not ashamed the way he made me. I may be different, but so are you. And so am I. We're all different. We've been ordained in the body, but we're members of the body. Do you realize every instrument in the symphony is played out by a by a player, by one that plays that instrument. You can't play your instrument, man. I David can't play this instrument. If I try to Well, I got to go out. I got to make sure I try to find some good works to do. forget it. You don't have to go out seeking good works. Let him perform that in you. And right on time and right in season, he'll do it. Amen. All right. So, so he said, so he said, "The works I do shall you do also." All right. Now, he said this 1 John 3 1-2, I just read it. We see him as he as he appearing. He's appearing. The seals have been open. The book's been open. We are the open book. Then we see him. We see him today as he positionally has placed us and ordained us for to be. What are we looking for now? A body change. But this seeing, this revelation is taking us to that body change because this revelation is the rapture in you revealing. It's revealed in you. It's substance. Then if it's a revelation, the rapture is a substance in you. You can't miss that substance. You say, "Well, I might miss it." Quit your fretting about missing anything. If he's ordained and put himself in you, you can't miss it. You can't miss something you're supposed to see. Well, I might miss it. Don't let you let the devil point that down your throat. The Bible never said you might miss it. He said you won't miss it. It's God which workketh in me both to will and to do of his good pleasure. I haven't even got to that. Philippians 2:13. Let me just get to that in just a second here. But watch. He knows. He that knows me knows my father. And and Jesus said, "As the father sent me, so send I you." So send I you. Amen. Is that right? The God that sent Jesus went in Jesus. The Jesus that sends you is where? In you. He goes in you. Amen. Now, what greater guide could you have then relax where he's got you? Relax and realize you are under a divine purpose. You are not just sitting there. You're not just moving. You are under a divine leadership and a divine purpose. Amen. Quit complaining and quit murmuring about where you are and how you feel and let God control you. Amen. and do the works that he intended for you to walk in. If he intended it, if he ordained it, it's got to happen. It's got to be. It's got to be right on time and in his season. Not in your season, not in your thinking, but in his in his thinking. In his season, in his time. He's not going to miss it. He's not going to miss the time. You see? See, we're we're if we're not careful, we come under the we come under an influence. We're coming under influences and Satan is quick to influence you to get you to reason against the word. Amen. Be careful of of how or what you're what you're coming under the influence of. We're under the influence of of of something. Let it be the word. Let it be the word. I don't care if if there's a if there's negative. He said, "Don't even receive a negative thought. If Satan tries to present you something negative about me, cast it out. If he puts something negative about you, about in my mind concerning you, let it be cast out. Don't speak it to anybody and go pray for that person. Amen. Let's allow God to do the good works. Amen. There's only one good. That's him. Is that right? Then the Bible said the steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord. What makes a man good is because the Holy Spirit's in him leading. Yeah, that's it. There's no man that's good. Not in themselves. There's no man. Amen. There's none. You can't rely You can't go back and rely upon your reasoning and your feelings and your senses and say, "I've got it because I feel this." You've got it because the word said you do. Then if you'll take it that way, God will perform his word through you. Amen. I don't know how to make it any clearer. So I just say relax. Amen. And the Jesus that send you goes in you. He that believeth in me, the works that I do shall he do also. Notice he that believeth in me the works. The works. Who was leading him to do the works? Is the same one leading you to do the works? All right. Because he said, "I gave myself for them. As the father sent me, so send I you." And then he turned around and breathed on him and said, "Receive ye the same Holy Ghost. I've imparted it. I gave my blood for it." And the in that blood is the life. Receive it. And it will guide. It will lead. It will take you into a body change. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I will be with you, even in you. I don't see how we could get it any better than that. And how could we have it any better knowing that all things work together for good? Paul said, I quoted this before, but let me say it again. Paul said, "No matter what state I'm in, what state? No matter what state I am in, I therewith am content." Yes. Wonder if we can have that same contentment. Sure we can. Why? Because you're not looking at your discontentment. You're looking at his contentment. You're looking at the promise. You're standing on the promise. You have nothing to do but give praise to God in all things. Give him thanks in all things. Rejoice ever more. Rejoice in all things. Well, I don't like it because I don't have my own way. That's the problem. You don't have your own way. But God's way is not your way. His ways are not your ways. His thoughts are not your thoughts. Amen. That's exactly right. Well, I don't understand why I had to miss this. If I should If I would have done this, I would have had to do this. I should have. I should have. I should have. Nonsense. Let go of that spirit. He's driving you down in a hole. It's not say, "Well, I should have. I should have." No. If you were should have, you would have. That's right. Amen. You say, "Oh, that's radical, Brother David. That's radical. You better be careful. You're going on the radical side. No, I'm not radical. God is in leadership. God's directing it. You may not understand why you made that turn, why you said that. But God, if it's wrong, he'll correct it. Do you have enough under enough reality to know that if you do something wrong, he'll show you? If you say something wrong, will he not show you? Is that love expressed to you and you know it? Will you not make it right as quickly as you can? Brother Bram said that is the Holy Ghost working in you when you see your wrong and make it right. Ask forgiveness. Forgive. Amen. That's God's nature. He will forgive. He always forgives. Well, I don't like the way he does this and does that. But why don't you realize you're different and I'm different or they're different? But they're in the body and they're there for a purpose because they they have something you lack. Amen. And I may have some or you may have something that I lack, but I may have something that you lack. Then why don't we just recognize each other as being flawed in our bodies, our humanness, and let's unite under one heart, one accord, one mind under the word. That's right. That's where it is right there. It's not this church I belong to and this church and I don't like this church. I don't care what church you go to. There's three kinds of believers and there's always flaws and there's always mistakes and there's always failures. Oh no, we're the perfect church here. Yes. Oh yeah. But the word is perfect and the word moving among believers is perfect. And if we'll stay with the word, your influence will drive others to one person, the word. That's right. Amen. Let that be driven home, Lord. All right, let's see him as he is. Same brother Brandham said invisible union. Can you see where we're at? Excuse me. Can you see where we are standing? Talking about this day. Can't you see? Can you see where we are standing? Life is in the grain again. Life is in the grain again. What? What is it? Brother said, "Well, life is in the grain again." What is it? Same Jesus in the bride form. We shall see him as he is. Do you recognize your day and hour? Do you recognize how he said he would come in this day in the bride form? Did not our prophet say that this wave she chief would awaken that bride and bring her to a maturity because she's the bride coming of Christ. Did not scripture have to be fulfilled? Did that have to come back to that seventh day? Amen. Didn't there have to be a bride coming of Christ? She went in the ground. She she had to go in the ground unless how can she if she don't die, she can't come forth again. But God has restored a bride the second time. Yeah. Amen. Are you with me? It's Christ. The son of man is being revealed. Where? Where is he? Where is he? He said, "Here I am. Here I am. Where is he?" Bride form. Amen. Amen. Amen. You talk about it. I'll tell you what the birth I tell you. The birth of the word will drive you to this revelation will lead you I shouldn't say drive lead you to the well brother gee brother brother the word said that when God when the b when the holy ghost fell on Jesus he was driven into the wilderness driven one place it says he led led but another place it said he was driven there the Holy Spirit drove him into the wilderness oh well that can't be God wouldn't drive us into the wilderness Oh no. Watch out what you say God will do and won't do. You've got to realize one thing. He's in you, living in you, motivating you, leading you, guiding you, correcting you, doing everything about it. You never had one thing to do with it. I'm talking about man. You never had in your part to do anything with it. God saved you because he chose you. He elected you. You didn't choose yourself. You didn't elect yourself. He elected you. He chose you in himself and said, "I give myself for you." Everything about it is his doing. Amen. Amen. You need to just relax. Put it back in God's hands. If you don't like it, put it in his hands. Quit ftting over it. Quit striving over it. I'm talking about myself, brother David, brother, sister. I'm talking about myself. I'm with you, too. I'm not standing up here think, "Well, David's perfect." No, David is flawed, right? But my Lord in me is perfect. I don't rest in David. I'm not looking at me and how I feel to determine whether I have this or don't have it. Amen. It's what his word said I have or don't have. Do you understand what I'm trying to say? Amen. All right. Now then we see that's the same Jesus in the bride form. We see him. We're seeing him. The seals open. We see the book. We see the mystery. Your name is the mystery in the book. I I'm wanting I know why I'm falling back on that because that's another message. But but that's what it is. All right. Then see the great Holy Spirit come down visible before the people. Even take pictures of it. See it working and showing it's not a man, not just a preacher, not a certain congregation. It's the Holy Spirit showing the same thing he did when it was embodied in the body of Jesus Christ. Now it's embodied in the body of his bride. Amen. Amen. Philippians 2 um 2:5. Philippians 2:5. You want to go there real quick, you can. If you just listen to Philippians 2:5, let this mind be in you. Let we let so many other things. Why not? Let the mind be in you. Let his mind, his spirit, his faith be in you. Let his mind, let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, that's immorph. Who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. All right. So what act is he in now? What form is he in now? In this act, he's in bride form. Amen. All right. You have his mind. You have his very thought. You are and have his mind. You have his word. You have his thought expressed. You are, you have the Holy Spirit in you, the word made spirit. All right? So, having the same mind, he just changes his mask. All right. Philippians 2:13. Now, watch this scripture. Philippians 2:13 says this, "For it is God." Who is it? Another person, one of the people of the Godhead. No, it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. For it is God which workketh in you. Can we believe that? Can we accept that? Hello. You can if you're seed because you can't deny that it's alive. You can't deny the word. You're a part of the word. Amen. For it is God which workketh in you both to will. Both. Now watch. To will and do. Both. To will and to do. To will and to do of his good pleasure. You are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works. For it is God which workketh in you, both to will and to do, workketh, workketh, workketh in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Then verse 14, do all things without murmurings. Hello. Hello, brother David. Hello. Do all things without murmurings and disputing. Disputing about what? His leadership. I don't like the situation I'm in. But he allowed you to be in that situation. He's going to test you. He's going to try you. He's going to perfect his character in you and through you through the trials and testings of this life. But you ought to start giving him praise because he's allowing it to happen. Amen. because he's not doing it just without a reason for it. He's not an author of frustration. He doesn't allow you to go through trials and sufferings and tests that be an author of frustration. He's got a purpose in your life. He's working out for you have you are in an eternal purpose. You have you are in his purpose. It's his working. He's carrying you. He's doing and he knows exactly what you need. You don't know what you need. He knows what you need and said, "I shall supply all of your need according to my riches and glory." Amen. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Brandham made this statement just reading that scripture. Now, watch what he says. And I didn't write down where this is, I don't think. No, I don't believe I did. But this is his statement. And what a beautiful thing it is just to lay your life in his hands and say, "Here am I, Lord." Now watch. He said, "Here am I." Your love goes back to him. Said, "Well, here am I, Lord." Amen. Here you are, then here am I. Where you are, I am. And all that I am, you are. And all that you are, I am. Do you realize that the prophet said that in the on the message unveiling of God? I wonder if that is unveiled in you. That all you are, he is. And all he is, you are. Amen. What's God asking you to do? Let off the pressure. Relax in my word. Give way to me. Quit your complaining. Quit your murmuring. Quit saying, "I should have done this. I should have done that." And let me guide you contrary and radical, contrary to your thinking. Yeah. Well, that didn't sound very good, did it? Is God's ways radical? It is to your thinking, your human thinking. Many times, it's unusual. But do you know him? Do you know that he's perfect? Do you know that he can't do anything else but make your way perfect? Amen. That's what the Bible said. Psalm 18. It said his ways are his works and his ways are perfect. And then it says, "And he's made your way perfect. Oh my goodness. I I was out the other morning walking, praying. I said, "Lord, forgive me for finding fault with the way you made me. Forgive me for complaining about your leadership because you've ordained that I should walk in good works." That has to happen. That has to be. I don't govern that. You govern that. I'm in you and accepted in you and it's you gave yourself for me. And now who's living? Me? David? No. No. I reckon him dead. Yes. Amen. Christ is in me living. That's my reality. That's the bride's reality. She's united in wed to him. She has his name. She goes in his name. She She moves in his name. She does everything she does in word or deed in his name. Amen. And if you can't do it in his name, you better stop a minute and say, "Wait a minute. Why can't I do this? Why can't I look at this? Why can't I hear this? Why can't I hear this gossip? Why can't I hear what this person is finding fault with the bride? Why can't I hear them? Why am I Why do I have to stop being influenced by that person or persons?" Because it's the wrong influence. They're leading you away. Be careful what you're influenced by because you're under the influence of something. Every one of us. Then what are you being influenced? Are they influence you to more of God, more of Christ, more of his word, a greater relationship with himself? Or where are they being leading you? Where are you influenced? Who's influencing you? I believe a Holy Spirit directed person will have discernment of the Holy Spirit to have a question. When that happens, there's a question in their heart about it. They need to stop and go back to the word. The word is your absolute. Not yourself, not your mind, not your feelings, and not what somebody else says about it. The word is your absolute. And I've just have been giving you the word. So why not relax and let the word have its way? The word is your absolute the amen and the ultimate in everything we do, hear, and say, and think, it's the word. Amen. And if God said, "I'm leading you. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God." That settles it. It is God which workketh in me both to will and to do of his good pleasure. That settles it. Amen. Amen. Well, Lord, I don't know now. The reasoning, my reasoning says that that couldn't be right. You're the same. You're listening to the same reasoner that Eve listened to. Here, I'll tell you why God didn't mean what he said. I'll tell you I'll tell you what God really meant. You let me reason with you a minute. Lay down your reasoning. Lay down your idea of what good works are. Your idea. And let God perform it as he said he would. He has to do it because he's ordained you. You're the his his you're his own. I'm speaking to the bride tonight. This message doesn't go to everyone. This message is to his bride. He he's ordained you to walk in those good works. He'll see to it that it's done. He wants you to relax and he'll bring about everything to get you to relax. Whatever it takes. Yeah. Amen. That's right. You know what? If we would in our situation we don't like it, we just start giving God praise over the matter and give him thanks. You know why we give him thanks? The Bible said we give God thanks in all things because it's the will of God concerning us. Let's hear that again. Amen. We give God thanks in all things because whatever you're going through, whatever, however you're led, whatever is happening, if it's off the word now, it's not God doing it. We understand that. But he'll show you that. But give God thanks in all things because it's the will of God concerning you. Other words, he's in control. And you're going through it because he's he's led you to go through it. Jesus was led to be tempted of the devil. Boy, I don't hear anybody say amen. Am I the only one saying amen up here? The Bible said he was led Yes. in the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. Why? Because he took every temptation to the highest for you and I. And he overcome by the word. What are we to overcome by? He's teaching us. We have and we don't He's not a far off and say, "Well, where are you, Lord? Where?" He said, "Here I am. I in here. I've ordained you to do this. I've ordained this walk. Now, if you'll just let me take care of it, watch what happens. Will he not do his part? Will he not take care of you? Will he not provide? Will he not get you out of that? He's just waiting for you to relax and say, "Lord, it's in your hands." Commit it to him. Watch how fast the situation's taken care of. He'll do it beyond your reasoning, thinking. You say, "Well, the door shut. It can't open." Who do you say the door can't open or the door can't shut or this can't happen? That's good. He's going to stone that with a 100 pound hailstone. Do you ever seen a 100 pound hail stone? Oh, that's not reasonable. No. The same thing they said to Noah, you're not reasonable. Why, Noah, don't you realize you're an old man? You might have a heart attack working out there like that. Do you not realize, Noah, that you're just too old to be doing those things? But God's leading me to do it. God said to do it. What was Noah standing on? who was directing Noah in those good works. I don't care how contrary it was even to Noah's thinking. Yeah. I don't know how I'm going to do this. The Lord said do it and the Lord will provide it. All I have to do is believe. I do my part, he'll take care of the rest of it. And we could give example after example on that right there. When they did their part, God moved on the scene. Amen. You speak, you spoke. Now let God work. Moses when he was before the Pharaoh, he said, "You cast down your rod to Pharaoh and it turned to a snake." They cast their rod and they turn out snake. Now Moses didn't know what else to do. He did what God said. He did his part. Moses just waited. Oh my. It's a hard thing to wait sometimes. Oh, we got to figure out something to do here. I know. I know. No, you just wait. Watch God move on the scene. swallow up the other snakes. Yes. And just apply that to everything, right? Men were flawed. I mean I mean look at David, a murderer. Look at look at the different ones. Look at look at here. Look at those look at those ministers of these church ages. Look at the ministers. Look at the prophets back in those days. Talk about flawed. Moses rebelled. Jonah disobeyed. Samson sinned. David murdered, but all were and are his. Amen. So see, God not God gave himself for you and I. Are we willing to receive him? No matter how he leads us, are we willing to accept what he gave to you? He gave himself. If you are born of his spirit, you had the seed of God in you to be quickened. And that new birth is himself in you. He gave himself. That's the life in you. I think we ought to be sure. If you don't know that, then he's saying to you tonight, he's breathing on them and saying, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Because he showed his love to us by giving himself for us. Amen. Amen. Well, you say, "Brother David, I'm sure I do." Then then just then just say, "Lord, let me completely let go of myself. Let go of my teach me. Continue to bring me in." He said, "When he the spirit of truth has come, he will lead you into all truth." Then let him do it his way. Yes. Amen. Let him do it the way he wants to do it. Let him fulfill his word. You don't have to step in and put your two cents in it. Just stand with the word. Watch God move. Commit yourself. Commit your way unto God and he would direct your own thinking even. Amen. Amen. Oh, I know it. But but what will others say? It it looks so radical to me. Now you're back to depending on your thinking over it. You see what I'm saying? All right. Now, let's I don't even know what time it is. Oh, it's about time to quit. All right. So, watch what he says. What a beautiful thing it is just to lay your life in his hands and say, "Here am I, Lord. Just use me now. Lead me and guide me and direct me in the way that would be pleasing unto thee." Not you, not pleasing to me, pleasing unto him. And you realize you cannot please God without believing what he said. Without faith, it's impossible to please God. Oh, if I could just do these works. If I could just I'll go out and look. I'll go out and I'll try to do some works. I'll try, Lord. I'll try to bring the works. He never said for you to try. You, Brother David, say you've said that two or three times. Yes, I have. He's driving something home to you. He never asked you to go out and do it. He said, "Trust me. to do it. I've ordained you to walk in it. All right? He said, "Guide me, lead me, direct me in the way would be pleasing unto thee." And then and then and then he said, "Don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow." Now, you've just said, "Here am I, Lord. I've given myself to you. Shall I read it again? You lead me. You guide me. You direct me in the way that would be pleasing unto thee. And then don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow. And God will work it all right. The footsteps of the righteous is ordered by the Lord. And that scripture is true. Amen. He said he would work in and through the bride. He's living in the bride. He's working in and through the bride. It's just like a symphony. Not only the body, you're a body member. And the body members are all different. My tongue doesn't look like this cell in my end of my finger here. But without that cell, my my body is not perfect. That's right. Amen. Without my ear, my ear is not my eye. But without my eye, my ear won't work properly. That's right. Everyone is dependent on the other one. We are not serving self. We are serving the body. Amen. You as a member of the body is serving the body. Amen. And how you going to serve the body? By allowing that seed that God put in you to fulfill what it is in you and bring forth every fruit he endured you to bring. That apple tree. How many bushes of apples? How many limbs? How many leaves? Everything that tree would produce is in the seed to begin with. Amen. Is that right? Then what about us? We were created in Christ Jesus. We the everything we are to being seed of God. Everything we need to do and will do in producing what he called us to do in the measure we have will be done because it's in the seed. Amen. All right. Now, see, God is a God of variety. Sometimes we don't like the variety he chooses, but God's a God of variety. Now, if it leaves the word, I'm not talking about you accepting something off of the word. If it leaves the word, leave it. Right? Get away from it because it's contrary to the word. God is the one you serve is the word. That's right. All right. That's why you need a new birth to discern what's right and what's wrong because the two spirits are so close today. You can't discern the difference without the Holy Ghost being in you. The one that wrote the word will discern. The word is a discerner. And the secret is the word. The discerner is in the bride. That's why she can hear and receive the word. All right. Now we watch. And a symphony. It's like a symphony. You're you're an instrument, but you can't play that instrument. This mic is mute until something speaks through it. Now, watch. We don't believe in a trinity. We don't believe in a trinity of spirits. So, the composer is the director and the director is the one that plays the instrument. They aren't three separate people. Not in this symphony. Our composer is the director and the director is the one that plays. The Holy Spirit plays and uses you and works through you and moves through you and works in you. He did not fulfill all of his works while he was on earth. So now he works in and through his bride. She knows that. That's what we're speaking of today. She knows that. So then relax. Let him do it. All right. Now, I'm just moving over this real quickly because it's time to close. He is perfect in all his works. We said that we see him as he is. Now, there's one thing important that we must master. One thing that we must master. Listen to this. Brother Brown saying this on perfect strength and perfect weakness. There's one thing we must master. whether you're leoty or preachers. He said, he said this, there's one thing that we've got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire, God's desire in our life. That is we have to master the thought of human ability. Yes. Amen. Oh, well, see, that's what always gets in the way. I am my ability. Am I I have the ability to do this and do that. I can make it overdo it good because I'm going to do this because it's good works. No. Is it if it's not him directed? Now watch what he said here. There's one thing we've got to master. We expect to fulfill God's desire in our life. That is we have to master the thought of human human ability. If we ever get to a spot where we think that we can do it with our own intelligence and with our own abilities, we've got to master that in such a way that we get rid of the thing and lay it aside so that God can use us. Amen. Amen. That is right. Amen. His thoughts are higher than our thoughts. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I'm bypassing this now. I want to bring out this one last thing and I'm closing talking about the apples. Talking about the apple seed. It's I'm just going to apply that to the word seed now. Okay. No matter what we're talking about a bride tree here. what you have what you have. He says when you that seed that's in you that's been quickened that's been planted other words and then it's been watered then you have to water it. And as you water it it doesn't do nothing but drink. Drink. Drink. So what are we to do? Drink. Drink. Drink. Drink what? All right. Drink. Drink. Drink. It has to drink more than its portion. And the more it drinks, the bigger it swells. It just pushes out limbs. What's the word going to push out? It pushes out leaves, pushes out blossoms. It pushes out apples. Is that right? And that's the way a Christian is. We are planted together in Christ Jesus, who is the inexhaustible fountain of life. We're planted in Christ and we just drink and drink and drink and push out and push out and everything we have need of for the earthly journey. Everything we have need of in this earthly journey, whether it's divine healing, power of God, all these other things is in is in in every individual here that's received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. In other words, you're born again for you're planted in Christ. Hallelujah. You're planted in Christ. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost baptism. Yes, sir. And everything you have need of for this life's journey. Everything you have need of for this life journey is in you. Even the rapture is right in you then. Amen. Amen. All right. Even the rapture is right in you then. Don't. He said, "Don't resent that. That's the truth. The rapture is in us now. I will prove it by the gospel." He said, "Those who he called," anyone called? He justified. And those that he justified, he hath glorified. I'll read it again. He that's justified is declared righteous. And who he has declared righteous? Amen. Who's declaring you righteous? Well, it certainly isn't by human works. It's the new birth, the seed in you. God sees that. He's identified you as being righteous. He's identified you in him. He's identified he's in control. He's identified that he chose you. He's identified that you're in the rapture. He's identified you as himself. Amen. So relax. You say, "But you don't know what I have to go through." Forget what you have to go through. Commit it to the Lord and say, "Lord, here I am. You know what I need. You know the direction I need to take, how I need to take it. I commit it to you and leave it in his word and he'll show you. He'll inspire you. He'll reveal the word to you as you need it. Maybe driving down the road when you least expect it when you're when you're not thinking of yourself. And but remember, brother Brown said this, if we would have our minds more on him, allow our m have our minds more on him every day, he said he would draw near. If you draw nigh to him, he'll draw nigh to you. But we got our minds on all kinds of other things. Internet, this and that, and something else that he wants to reveal himself to you, but you're letting these other things stop it. Amen. Satan is busy. He's busy and he's keeping you busy. He's keeping you away from the truth. Amen. Now, I'll just leave that where it is. Let's even the rapture. Hallelujah. Who is justified, he hath past tense glorified. Hallelujah. Then in heaven today, we are glor we are glorified in the presence of God right now. Watch what he says. I'm just pushing out to it. I'm just pushing out to it. How am I pushing out? Drinking. Drinking. feeding. Draw nigh to him. Let your thoughts be on him. Satan rises up. Take the word. It's written. Don't Don't give him your reasoning. Don't try to reason with him. He's a master reasoner and he'll reason. You can't outreason him. Amen. But you take that word and he can't break through that word because why? The word created him. Amen. He has to obey the creator. That's right. He doesn't want you to believe that. But we do believe it. Yes. All right. Okay. I'm pushing out to it. Amen. Glory said God is in his word. You believe it. All right. Philippians 2. I'm closing. Philippians 2:21. I'm sorry. Sorry, it's 3:21. Excuse me. 3:20. For our conversation is in heaven at conversations not only your speaking in your but manner of your a manner of life behavior is in heaven from whence also we look for the savior the lord Jesus Christ who shall change our vile body. See pushing out to it. who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself. Amen. There you are. Who's working? Right? Whose working is it? Who's working in you? Whose works is it? It is he that workketh in you. Let's rest in that, brother, sister. Let's rest in that. Amen. Amen. I I could go on more, but I'm going to stop. For we are his workmanship. Watch how the prophet says it, quoting that scripture, created in union with Christ Jesus unto good works. Now, Romans 9:21 said what? Refers to this. He made you. You're his workmanship. Just as the power potter has power over the clay, he did not make you a vessel of dishonor, bride. He's made you a vessel of honor. Amen. Because he said, "You're his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus, a vessel of honor unto good works which he hath before ordained that you should walk in it." You're not a vessel of dishonor, but the power, the potter has power over the clay to make one thus and another thus. So what has he made you? The Bible just said what he made you. His workmanship. He made you himself. He created you, chose you in himself. You are himself. He can't marry nothing but himself. Amen. What a position. What a place to stand. That's your stand, brother, sister. Your stand, your position is Christ. The God's great revelation is Christ in you. All right. The potter now watch because the body, he works in and through his body because life is in you coming through the body. That's the ministry that God has today. One the member to another member to another member to others. Amen. life being on display, token on display. That could not happen till after the opening of the seals because the token is a literal life of Jesus Christ on display. And because you are his body, you're the fullness of him that fillth all. Who's the all? Every member who fillth all and in all. Who's in all? He is. He's in every member working. I don't care what you can just relax and let off the pressure. He made you to have a certain demeanor. He made you a certain way. He made you to be loud. He made you to be soft. He made you to be big. He made you skinny like me. He made you all kinds of things, but he made you. Quit finding faults how he made you. And say, "Lord, I'm in your hands. Let me keep drinking from the fountain, the inexhaustible fountain of the opened word in our day and hour. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. 1 Thessalonians 5:24. As I said, I'm closing 5:24. If you'll turn with me this first Thessalonians 5:24, faithful is he. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. All right. Philippians 1:6. He that is being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Psalms 1388 says this, "The Lord will perfect 138." And I'm reading just a portion 138a. I just want to bring this portion out. The Lord will perfect that which concernth me. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. May Lord make us your prisoner that you work through us in his perfect your work. Amen. Let us realize that. Let's stand together. God bless you tonight. Sorry I went a little overtime in man's overtime. I believe God wanted what he wanted said done. That's all. Amen. Maybe I left some things out. I probably will go home now and see, oh, I left that out. I left this out. But that's all right. Doesn't matter what he left out. He wanted this. I either have to rest in that and believe that or I'm gonna I'm just going to fret and fret. And the Bible said fret not. That's right. Be anxious for nothing. Is that right? Anxious. Fearful. Anxious. Tore up. Amen. Careful. Being careful means anxious. Don't be anxious about tomorrow. Don't be anxious about the next moment. What you need to do at the moment, he'll show you. He'll order it. He'll direct it. Did not he promise it? Then believe his promise. Take him at his word. Believe his promise. Any believers here that believe his promise? Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. That's right. Amen. Well, I'll just stop looking for other things to say and start singing. I have a father. Do you have a father? Do you know you have a father? Will not he direct and guide you and keep you? Who was it that made that that young man that was the prodigal son? The Bible said he came to himself. who did [Music] that? He came to himself. He realized, I have a father. That's what he That's what he said. I have a father. Wouldn't it be good to see everybody wake up and realize they have a father that's leading, that's feeding us, that's ordained the good works that we should walk in, that's provided everything we have need of in this journey, even to where we live, where we go to church, everything. Brother, sister, it's not about this church and that church. This is an individual affair between the bride and himself. Let's let go and let him have his way. Amen. I have a father. I have a father. No. Maker. Wait a minute. Is there a first verse? Is that first verse? Okay, that's the second verse. So, we'll start with the second verse and then go to the first one. All right. I have a father. [Music] He calls me his [Music] own and he'll never leave me no matter where I go. Isn't that a wonderful thought knowing it? He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Well, I have a maker. He formed my heart. Amen. He's your creator. And before even time began my life, I was existing in his thought of himself. Amen. He knows my [Music] name. He knows my every thought. Amen. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Hallelujah. Do you believe that? I have a father. Who's your father? Amen. My father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. My father said he would never leave me nor forsake me. My father is my shepherd. My father said, "I'll meet your need." My father said, "I'll provide." My father said, "I've ordained the works you do to walk in them." Oh, brother, sister, let's relax and let go. Amen. Amen. And have his way. Amen. Let's sing this song. Have thine own way, Lord. [Music] Have thine own way. Have thine own way, Lord. Let's sing the hymn this morning, this evening. Have thine own. Not my way, your way, [Music] Lord. Thou art the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me after thy will while I am waiting. build it and still. Let's sing that again. Have thine old way. Yes, Lord. My hands are raised. Have thine. I don't want my way. My way won't lead me in the right way. Thou art the potter. I'm in your hands. the clay. Hold me and make me after thy will. While I am waiting, yielded and still. When's the last time you got still before him? When's the last time that you just stopped and got still before him and you prayed until you could you've entered into his very presence? When's the last time you waited on him? And Lord, let you said the Bible said you said let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. God help us. We don't want our way. We want your way. [Music] Lord, you direct. You guide us. You ordained that we would do good works. And these works are not our works. They're your works. are not the works of man. They're the works they're your works that you for ordained through this measure to work. So you guide us. You lead us. It may not be the way this others led, but you're leading me this way. And you don't have me by chance where I'm at. You have me there for a purpose. your purpose to do good works to do and to manifest you to others. Live for others. Eternal life is not living for myself, Lord. It's living for others. Grant this now we pray. Let us be your prisoners. In Jesus' name we ask this and we say amen. Amen. Let's sing one more song before we go here. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Amen. What are you letting go of yourself? What did Brother Brown do? He said, "When I come, what do you what did he do?" He waited on God. He waited on the Lord. He said, "Now what I have to do is relax myself and just move myself out of the way." I was going to bring that and I I think I just forgot it. I may have it. I don't know. But you can go and look it up. Look up the word relax. The definition. Amen. It's getting out of your own thing, out of yourself. Laying yourself aside. Relax. Amen. Amen. Let's drop that down a little bit. Can you drop it a little bit more or not? Let go and let God have his [Music] wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrow will vanish. Your night turn today. Let go and let God have his Let's go out of here determined. Lord, I'm determined to let you have your way. Go. I have a choice. I can have my way or your way. full weight. Let go and let God have his [Music] way. Your sorrow will then why you've given it to God. Your night turn today. let go and let God have his way. Amen. God bless you. Let's be in the prayer for the meeting on Sunday. Don't know for sure if Brother Glover will be here, but regardless if he's here or our pastor speaks, whatever it may be, you come expecting and expect God to speak to you. Amen. And he will. Remember, you're led by him. You're guided by him. So relax. God bless you. [Music]
