################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - April 6, 2025 - A Covenant to Delight In - Bro Rapp Crook - Rapp Crook.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    April 6, 2025 - "A Covenant to Delight In" - Bro Rapp Crook
Speaker:  Rapp Crook
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wcHyIWsnrs
========================================

Description:
Bro Rapp Crook
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Feel free. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus in the morning when I arrive. In the morning when I arrive. In the morning when I arrive. Give me Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world. You give me Jesus. Amen. Pray that's your heart's desire this morning. More of him. Amen. It's good to be here. Good to see each one of you. Amen. Brother Ben, good to see you. You made it. God bless you. Amen. I had a song as I was going through this morning. Wasn't even looking at it. Jumped into my head and I wanted to sing it. Number 10:14, bloodwashed [Music] band. We're a band of Christian soldiers fighting Satan every day, standing up for Jesus while we're kneeling down to pray. If his blood has cleansed you and washed away your sins, that makes you a member of the blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash band. God's children are advancing, marching till we reach the goal. For the battle's almost over and we'll soon be going home of angels as the saints go marching in. Sing praises to the captain of the blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin. Till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash. Amen. Amen. Number 562. It is [Music] mine. Amen. You feel it now? God's abiding peace. Praise the Lord. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. Yes, I feel it now. Yes, I feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Though I cannot tell you how, it is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. mine for all [Music] eternity. He has wrought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my rapured heart. I can feel it now. Each passing moment keeps me saved and blessed. floods with light my heart and brow. It is mine. My blessed be his name. He has gi perfect peace to me. It is my my. Blessed be his name mine for all eternity. He has given me a neverfailing joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. To his praise I will. My ransom powers employ and renew my grateful vow. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all [Music] eternity. Oh, the love of God comforting my soul for his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. of joy and gladness. Or my spirit roll thrilling me with light divine. It is my mind. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name mine for all eternity. Amen. Amen. I have actually had a quote I wanted to read this morning that I read yesterday morning before we sing this next [Music] song. Amen. the brand's talking about or uh sorry in the patmas vision here he says amen cut every obstacle from human beings that they might be connected like in the garden of Eden now man I was going to choke it but I'm going to say it man is omnipotent you don't believe that but he is a man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent did he not say in Mark 11:22 whatsoever things you say and don't doubt in your heart it'll come to pass you can have what you've said. Amen. Goes on to say, "What happens when two omnipotents meet? When God and man comes together, two omnipotents, something's got to shake." Amen. Something's got to shake. Praise God. Amen. Some whatsoever you'd say with that creative power of omnipotence of God, knowing that he's promised it, and he said it in his word, it creates a power that goes out yonder and brings things to pass. things that is not. It makes them as though they are because two omnipotents have met. There he stands. Oh, isn't he wonderful? Amen. Amen. I was just reading that and I thought, praise the Lord. That's you and I. When we are fully surrendered to him, something's got to shake. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'd like to stand and sing that is so sweet to trust in Jesus. We just got to stand on his word. Amen. [Music] I love this song. It's one of my favorites. Of course, I say that about everything. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word. Just to rest upon his promise. us to know the saith the Lord. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Trust in simple faith to plunge me the heat cleansing flood. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. for grace to trust him more. Yes, it is sweet to trust in Jesus just from sin and self to seize just from Jesus simply taking life and rest and joy and peace. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace. trust him more. I'm so glad I learned to trust thee, preious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art with me, will be with me to the end. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust you. How I've proved you are and all. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. How for grace to trust you more. Amen. As we get ready to go to prayer this morning, like to sing that little chorus number 894. Lord, you are so precious to me. We just lift our hands this morning and let him know, Lord, you are so preious to me. Lord, you are so preious to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so graceious to me. Lord, you are so gracious to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Man, Lord, you are so faithful. Lord, you are so faithful to me. Lord, you are so faithful to me. I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for your presence this morning, Lord God. You are so faithful to us. Hallelujah. Amen. We have a number of requests this [Music] morning. I want to remember Brother Dace and his family up there in Kovville. Uh Brother Wayne and the family there in Montana. I want to hold up the saints in South Africa. Amen. Uh our brother Trevor and sister Carrie who are on the road traveling and our brother David, sister Diane, sister Ruth traveling down there in Arizona as well. Uh my brother Moses, want to hold him up for a complete healing. Our brother Vile is working out on the road. Amen. Um, want to hold up there's been a number of saints here in our assembly and elsewhere with immigration needs and just want to hold them up in prayer. You know, government can be pretty complicated sometimes. I think we all know that. Um, just pray that Lord just intervenes in their behalf and takes care of things for them. Amen. um our brother Brashant and a Koncha continue to hold them up in prayer and then um kind of a praise report. Little Charlie got to go home the other day. Um so thanking the Lord for that. There's still some healing to be done there, but um just pray the Lord just continue to strengthen him day by day. Amen. I'm going to ask uh ask our brother Jose. Would you come, brother Jose? Amen. God is so good to us. [Music] How many believe? The word says only believe, right? Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you Lord. The petitions have been read, Father, and you know more more than we know, Father. So we come before you just to present him. And I know there are more unspoken needs, Lord Jesus. Father, you're being so patient to us, so merciful, and you're being so good to us, Lord. Father, we want [Music] to be able to do your will while we are here on this earth. Father, as many needed people, Father, they know they need you. Yes. But they don't want to compromise with you. Oh father we ask you Lord that if there is a spiritual need father so you can touch give them what they need father we can come to church as many times as possible Lord but without the new birth Lord it's useless. Oh father, we ask you to give us the new birth. Lord, it's what we need this morning, Lord. Father, the Bible says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God." Father, we want to do that, Lord. Help us, Lord. To have that revelation, Lord Jesus. Father in seeking you, Lord, day and night, Father. Father, I present this prayer request before you, Father. You knew them before they were written down. So, Father, we just praying and expressing ourselves to you, Lord, interceding for those needs, Father. We ask you, Father, to so your bill with done, Father, and give us what we need. Yes. Father, we present this portion of the body of Christ. Lord, prepare us, Lord, to hear what you have for us this morning. We ask you, Lord, [Music] to give us, Lord, what we need. Father, [Music] we expectation also pray, Father, for those young people that couldn't make it this time. Father, be with them. Encourage them wherever they are. Lord, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You got your seats. Uh we have a couple specials this morning, so I'm going to ask uh Brother Theo and Sister Kyla if you'll come up. um first and then uh Murvey, Victoria, and Mariah. Um I don't want to greet everyone that's visiting because it would take a while, but God bless each and every one of you that have come this morning. [Music] boundless streams. He never leaves faithfully. He leads on mountain top through valleyies. place where he promised he would be. [Music] His mercy flows. It floods my soul. And each new day brings boundless grace. He never leaves faithfully. He leads on mountain top through valleys deep. He's where he promised he would be. A hidden life inside of me. was such a wonder man never knew. His love revealed in me and you. Oh your mercy, grace and love, it carries me so far above this earthly realm of pain and fear. Oh faithful dove, I know you're here. Baptize me now and ever more. Rivers of life to ever flow. Hold me in your arms of love. I never can be taken from his mercy flows. I bow in prayer to intercede for loved ones there and special grace and from your throne for any brother that's done wrong there's blessings flow and [Music] multiplied in sense and ascending from your bride. The bloody lamb on earth once more. No greater love can mortals know. Oh, your mercy, grace, and love, they carry me. So far above this earthly realm of pain and fear. Oh faithful dove, I know you're near. Baptize me now and ever. Rivers of life to ever flow. Hold me in your arms of love I never can be taken from. As mercy flows, I bow in prayer to intercede for loved ones there. And special grace sent from your throne to any brother that's done wrong. Their blessings flow and multiply. Incense descending from your bride. The bloody lamb on earth once more. No greater love can mortals know. Oh, your mercy, grace, and love, they carry me so far above this earthly realm of pain and fear. Oh, faithful dove, I know you're here. Baptize me now and ever more rivers of life to ever flow. Hold me in your arms of love. I never can be taken from. All your mercy, grace, and love will carry me so far above this earthly realm of pain and fear. Most faithful dove, I know you're here. Baptize me now and ever more. Rivers of life to ever flow. Hold me in your arms of love. I never [Music] can be taken from. [Music] [Applause] Did you sit right here? [Music] El El [Music] Sh to H. You're still the same by the power of the name El Shai. [Music] We will praise and lift you high. El Shai through your love and through the ram you save the son of Abraham. Though the peace power of your hand, you turn the sea into dry land. To the outcast on her knees, you were the God who really sees. And by your might, you set your children free. L should I ly I don't I age to age you're still the same by the power of the name El Shai El [Music] Shai We will praise and lift you high. El Shai. Through the years you made it clear that the time of Christ was near. Though the people couldn't see what Messiah ought to be. And though your word contained the plan, they just could not understand that your most awesome work was done. through the frailty of your song. L should I [Music] l I don't I age to age you're still the same by the power of the name El [Music] Shai we will praise and lift you high. El should die. El should die. El Shai. L I don't I Huh. You're still the same by the power of the name El Shai El and I don't we will praise you till we die. I will praise until I die. [Music] [Applause] Elai job if you want to come. [Music] They whisper and they look as I run near them. I walk slowly so that they have time to leave. I come daily to this well to draw its water. Each day my bucket heavier it seems. Today a man is sitting by the well side. Can't believe it when he asks me for a drink. And as I draw for him a cool sip of water, I see something in his eyes I've never seen. When he speaks to me, his voice is so gentle. When he smiles, my Lord feels lighter than before. When he tells me of my sins, his eyes see through me. I go running telling all I' met the Lord. There's a deep calling to my thirsting soul. And his waters quench this longing deep [Music] within. Why was so lonely when he called me out, drawing me up from a life of sin? I was lonely when he called me out, drawing me up from a life of sin. [Music] [Applause] appreciated those. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. Let's just uh let's change our position. Let's stand. I'd like to sing that song. Um Lord, I lift your name. Number 890. Amen. No matter how far we get from him, his love for us does not change. Hallelujah. Thankful for that. Lord, my heart can grow, so far away and cold. And yet for me your love is still the same. Oh Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reverence to your name. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim. You're the great I am the risen lamb. I come and king. Lord, my heart's desire to be filled with the spirit's fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul to worship and adore. Be a fragrance offered to your throne. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim. You're the great I am. The [Music] risen lamb, my comforter and king. Sing it again. Hallelujah. Lord, I lift your name. your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim. You're the great. I am the [Music] risen lamb. My comforter and king. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. [Music] Elohim. You're the great I am the reason lamb. My comfort and king. One more time. Lord, I lift your name. Oh holy great I am. My risen lamb, my [Music] cover and king. Amen. Lord bless you all this morning. It's a real uh real honor for me to be here amongst you. Just be seated please for a few minutes. I remember the first time I ever was asked to preach. I was uh I was in Malawi in Africa and I was so nervous when I got asked to preach. I got up and everybody was standing and I was reading my text and I finished my text and 30 minutes later they were still standing because I forgot to tell everybody to sit down. So I just uh I really enjoyed uh our time yesterday at the at the banquet and the fellowship with uh with brother Paul and his wife. Lord, what a what a royal royal family they are. I uh was uh real happy to see brother brother Sergey Gdasa before service there. I just uh we go back a long way. I remember it would have been I think in 2008 I was invited to go in to preach for Detsk in Detsk Ukraine where uh where he was. Um, and I had this idea as this a cheapkate uh a single American to uh let's just fly into Kev and somebody I can just take a train or take a bus wherever and we'll just go the cheap way and get to Detsk and uh not realizing uh what that all entailed. The brothers in Denetsk did not leave me um alone in Kev thankfully, but they sent brother Sergey and it must have been at least eight or nine hour bus ride. But he picked me up at the airport and we went through the Kev subway system and got on the bus and a allnight bus ride to Netsk probably to save a couple hundred. And uh I told this testimony at home and one of the brothers told me my you got to get that out of you. And my dad would always warn me, rap, if you don't learn how to spend money better, God will give you a wife who does. And I can testify that God has done that. He really has. She's a uh she's a she's a treasure because it's good because the treasure is not in the bank anymore. It's in it's in her. No, she's a she's a she's a special girl. I shouldn't say that cuz she's not here, but uh she can't be here to defend herself. But no, my well um perhaps we can just uh just stand in the opening the book of Deuteronomy chapter 1. I also wanted to uh thank all of you who have prayed for uh uh my family in recent weeks and and days. And u my wife's been going through different nervous issues in the last year. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to come or not, but y'all just stepped in and and prayed. Brother Paul called and I think early January. Well, let's just see how things go. Let's contact each other again at the end of the month. And uh and that worked out fine. But then uh my goodness, on Thursday, I woke up and uh discovered around noon that my basement had flooded and we had like five or six five inches of water in the basement and I sat I said, "How am I going to leave tomorrow?" But God was good. We got everything pumped out and cleaned up. So thank you for your prayer support in this. So Deuteronomy chapter 1 and verse one. These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness in the plain over against the Red Sea between Pan and Tophel and Leed and Hazeroth and Dishab etc etc etc. These be the words which Moses spake. And this morning I just want to talk especially a little while about just who is Moses speaking to. I want to spend a little bit of time on that this morning. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, I thank you very much for the opportunity uh to come here to this wonderful little church here in Nampa, Idaho, Lord, and and meet the saints here in the here in the West. Father, I I've never been out here ministering before and it's just a just such a such a kinship I have, Lord. And I just pray, Father, that you would meet each one of us in a special way. However our journey has been up till today, Lord, I pray that you would meet us in a special way today that we might be inspired, Lord, and strengthened for the next steps in our journey with you, oh Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. just who is Moses speaking to? Um, this book of Deuteronomy is uh is written after the Israelites make their 40-year journey through the wilderness. This is the this is the second time now that they've stood on the threshold of the promised land. The first time around um they were uh right here at Kadesh Barnea. They went right up here to Kesh Bernia and they sent 12 spies to spy out the land and 10 spies came back with a negative report which was unfortunately believed by the whole congregation and they were sent back into the wilderness and went round about this circle for 40 long long years. And God was um God gave the people what they asked for because there in Numbers chapter 13, we'll read a little bit of that uh uh this morning. Um the people said, "We don't believe that God is going to take us into the promised land. We wish that God had actually killed us in the wilderness. We wish that he had let us die in Egypt. That's what we wish for." And God finally gave them their request, which I kind of take from that. If God says no when I ask him for something, I should just take the no because he finally gave them their request. And he said, "Everybody who is 20 years old and older is going to die in the wilderness." My So just who is Moses speaking to? 40 years ago, 40 years earlier, the 12 spies had given their report. 10 spies gave a negative report. Only two, Caleb and Joshua believed the promises of God and said we can go forward. That means that when Deuteronomy is written, when Moses is speaking here, there would have been just two people there besides Moses who were above 60 years old because 60 minus the 40 years in the wilderness, you wouldn't they wouldn't have survived it. They would have been cut off. Just two people would have been in their 60s. That would have been Caleb and Joshua. So who is Moses speaking to? There would have been a number of people in their 50s that would have been older teenagers when Israel is at Kadesh Barnea. Might have been 15, 16, 17 when they're here. So add 40 to that. They would have been in their mid to late 50s. There would have been some people like that. So these folks, if they're in their 50s, they might have left Egypt, say at age 10, 11, 12, if you leave Egypt at age 10, you would remember the 10 plagues, right? You'd remember the Red Sea crossing. You'd remember Mount Si. You would have seen the cloud of God come down upon the mountain. You would have seen the the lightning. You would have heard the thunder. You would have heard the voice of God. Think back though, you adults. How how are our memories of when we were 10? They exist, but they're kind of fuzzy, right? So, these 50-year-olds, they could they would have probably remembered that night with their moms and dads when they as a family would have killed the the Passover lamb and they would have taken the blood and put it on the doorpost. They would have remembered that. They would have remembered the dread throughout Egypt as the death angel passed. They might have remembered a shriek in the night or a dog barking its last bark because that was an oldest dog in the house and the house didn't have the blood on the doorpost. They would have remembered those things. But you know what? Most of their memories would have been formed by the wilderness experience. Most of their connection with God would have been formed by the wilderness experience which was not a good experience. If people were in their 20s, 30s and 40s, these folks would have been born in the wilderness. And think about that. If you were born in the wilderness, that means that nobody there, 20 years old, 30 years old, 40 years old, none of them had a personal memory of leaving Egypt. My mind, none of them remember the 10 plagues. It would have been a story. None of them remember what it was like when the Red Sea opened up before them and they walked right over. The chariots behind them getting stuck as they look back and the waters come crashing back and then Miriam grabs her tambourine and talks about the horse and the rider are thrown into the sea. They didn't remember that. They didn't have any Mount Si experience where God comes down and makes his covenant with them. They would not have remembered that. Any knowledge they would have had about that would have been from their parents and grandparents who more than likely died in the wilderness. Their knowledge of God, most of the people there that Moses is talking to in Deuteronomy 1 would have been in their 20s, 30s, and 40s. any knowledge of Jehovah they had would have been very colored by their backsliden parents and grandparents. Anything that they know would have been told by these folks who didn't value God anymore, didn't value his promises anymore, they would have told been passed on by those people. And you think, how would this youngest group, these folks in their 20s, 30s, and 40s, how would they ever make it into the promised land? Because the enemy seems to hold all the cards. Talk about people who are on the threshold of going in to the promised land. And all they've got, it seems like, are spiritual traumas. They remember when one man disagreed with Moses, chor. They remember when the earth swallowed them up. They remember when their friends left him because they didn't believe it anymore. They remembered this, that, they remembered all those things. They remembered that. They had personal memories of that, but they had no personal memories of Mount Si, the 10 plagues, and the Exodus. So, you would think, considering all these people that Moses is speaking to with all of their baggage, how will they ever make it into the promised land? the deck really does seem stacked against them. Their potential seems really, really bad. They've got battle scars that can what you would think completely justify them thinking, how could we ever do this? And I just kind of was thinking about this and I thought, my what about our Gen X believers, our Gen Y believers, our Gen Z believers? Yeah, there it is. each one of us. I mean, our Gen Xers, I'm sure brother Paul and his generation, you can probably think back. There's probably enough bad memories associated with church to justify being soured on the whole thing. That's the truth. There probably are. Gen X, this is my generation, just barely. I'm born in 1981, but my wife says, "Nah, you're really more of a you kind of act like the older one sometimes." No, but this this Gen Y generation, are there plenty of bad spiritual experiences that we've had? Just like people in the wilderness, we Genwireers probably remember divisions in church, splits in church, disagreements, and church shutting down or rumors going about this or that. There's plenty of that that might just kind of be in our baggage that kind of just could sour us and maybe has soured some of our friends on the whole experience. And yet, for some reason, we're still here. And we might not actually actually understand why we're still here, but there's something that's still that we're still here for some reason. Yes. How much longer? We don't know. But we think, how will I get further, Lord? And even Jenzers, these are folks, my my children. I've got a son who was born in 2011. He's a Gen Zer. There's plenty for our Jenzers to think about, my bad stuff's happened in uh in church. Bad stuff's happened in the message. Why do I even want to go forward in this? Just like we have this in our own memories. I think about it. Um you know, when I was growing up, I remember seeing a a book in our church library, 20th Century Prophet, and the title makes it sound really up to-date. But you know what? for my son who's a Gen Z or 20th century prophet. Sounds like a long time ago. This is the 21st century now. Dad, he asked me sometimes. I'm a teacher. He's in my class now at school. I might show a video in classroom time. Dad, can we please not watch something in black and white again? He wants something up to-date. And you know what? It does seem like 20th century prophet seems such a long time ago. And and our connection with that might seem more and more distant as time goes on. and my with all of our baggage, with all of our distance, our lack of connection, how will we make it into the promised land? The question is for us the same as it was for them. The difficulties that we might have, the complexes that we might carry because of our wilderness journey are the same kinds of complexes that they certainly would have carried in their wilderness journey. It seems almost a setup for failure. But you know what? God wants them to enter into their promising. He wants them to enter into their rest. And that's why he brings this book of Deuteronomy for all these fe folks in their 20s, 30s, and 40s who were not there for a personal mount si experience. This book of book of Deuteronomy is a second giving of the law. And God is saying with this, you who never had it, you didn't experience it, I will restore. Amen. That is why this book of Deuteronomy is here because it is written for all those people who in the wilderness experience never experienced personally what God had done for them. It had been colored time and again by grandpa who was bitter against his brother or my dad who was just so bitter against Moses for this or that or my uncle who did this or that. They're telling me, but I see what the how they live and I don't want what they have produces that in their life. I don't want that. For those folks who've had this kind of baggage, God says, I want you to have a personal experience with this. I'm going to restore. Amen. Turn over to chapter 5 in Deuteronomy. Moses calls all Israel and says unto them, "Here, O Israel." And again, who is he speaking to? It's those folks in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, who made it through the wilderness, who who did not die there in the wilderness. Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ear this day, that ye may learn them and keep and do them. The Lord our God made a covenant with us in Horeb. Now, if I were there listening to Moses and I hear him say, "The Lord our God made a covenant with us and Horeb." I'd be scratching my head because Moses, I was born after Horeb. Horeb was Mount Si. I was born after that. How could God have made a covenant with me there? Because I wasn't there, Moses. And Moses keeps on going. The Lord our God did not make this covenant with our fathers who died in the wilderness, but with us, right? Even us. Yes. Who are all of us here alive this day. Moses wants to drive this nail until it clenches. God made the covenant with you. You might not have been in any of the meetings. You might not have had any personal experience with brother Brandham or anything like that, but it doesn't matter because God is making a covenant with you. This message is sent for you, not just everybody who was there who saw the signs and the wonders. He's making the covenant with you. Moses is driving this. The Lord talked with you face to face in the mount out of the midst of fire. This is puzzling because I'm thinking, I wasn't there. But God's words are still echoing. They've been preserved here on paper. They've been preserved on tape. There are words for us because he is when he was speaking there, he was speaking for those folks who had not even been born yet who were going to enter into the promised land. And Moses just keeps going. I stood between the Lord and you weren't born yet, but I stood between the Lord and you at that time to show to you the word of the Lord. For you were afraid by reason of the fire did not go up into the mount, saying, I am the Lord thy God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage. This book of Deuteronomy is here to tell everybody there who's in their 20s, 30s, 40s, even younger, who has no personal experience of Egypt, of the Red Sea, of Mount Si, that it's for them, too. God's word is for us today. And as he's going through this book of Deuteronomy, he wants to make sure the people understand the main point, right? Because in the wilderness experience, a lot of stuff kind of got fuzzy, got out of focus, got lost. It all became about this person's rules, this person's laws. You got to do this, you got to do that. And God says, "All that came out in the wilderness experience. You made it through the wilderness. That's great. But I wanted you to get to the heart of the matter." And you start speaking about this in Deuteronomy chapter 10. And let's take a look at Deuteronomy 10 and verse 12. And he's speaking to people who have probably heard, they might have heard the law from their moms and dads, grandparents and grandparents who had their own baggage, their own problems with Moses. So it would have been colored, it would have been twisted in certain ways. And God wants to bring it back to the real true honest interpretation of what it really means. And that's important today. And now Israel, what do the Lord require of thee? but to fear the Lord thy God, to walk in his ways, to love him, to serve the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, to keep the commandments of the Lord and his statutes which I command thee this day for thy good. God wants to bring him to the main point. And what is the first thing he names? The main point, the law is here. The covenant I made with you on Mount Si. The first thing I want you to get out of this is here so you can fear the Lord. This isn't like an scared kind of fear. This is you have a relationship. You have this reverence for the person. You know them. That is why God came down at Mount Si to reveal himself to his people. And that is what has probably gotten lost in the wilderness. It wasn't about knowing God. It was about some other stuff. You fear God, walk in his ways, you walk with him, you know him, you have a relationship with him, you love him, you serve him with all your heart and with all thy soul. The last thing that's mentioned is keeping the commandments of the Lord. And in the wilderness journey, this has probably gotten reversed. It's all about keeping the commandment. Just do what he says. Just do what I say, kid. Just do what I say because I'm the dad. Just do it. And what had been missed was knowing God well enough to actually fear him. To walk not just according to the letter of the law, but to walk in his ways. To handle something as God would handle it. That had been missed. to actually love God, to serve him, not out of fear, but with all your heart with all thy soul. The wilderness journey had gotten all that mixed up and it might be mixed up in our minds some today. And that's why God is ministering the book of Deuteronomy. So there can be a second giving of the law bringing back to the main point which is that this is a covenant to delight in. Behold, the heaven of heavens is the Lord's, and the earth also, all that therein is. Only the Lord had a delight in thy fathers to love them. And he chose their seed after them, even you above all people as it is this day. The main point is this is a covenant founded upon God's delight in you. Yes. This is a covenant that we can rejoice in, that we can delight in. And through the wilderness journey that each one of us goes through, there's no way to get to God without going through a wilderness. Right? We all want to avoid it. We can't. Yes, we all have a wilderness journey to go through. And in that wilderness journey, things will get twisted. The devil's going to try to spoil things for us. But God wants to bring us back to the main point. This all started because God delights in you before you ever did anything good or bad. God chose you. God loved you. And if God loved you before you could do anything good to deserve his love, can you do anything now to make him stop loving you? You can't. It's not established upon what we did. In verse 15, there's nothing the children of Israel have done. The Lord had delight in your fathers. He loved them first. He chose them first. And you're included in that. This is a covenant to delight in. And the purpose of the book of Deuteronomy is that God wants this generation entering the promised land to delight in him even as he delights in them. Yes. Right. Beautiful. Now, I compare this idea of delight a little bit like the air in your bicycle tires. Uh my wife is Dutch and we lived in the Netherlands for seven years and everybody in the Netherlands bikes everywhere. We were a onecar family and that was a beautiful thing. I was able to bike back and forth to work every single day. We still bike every now and then uh around uh around our neighborhood. And my wife is a big stickler that her her tires have to be pumped up all the way because she tells me if the tires aren't pumped up all the way, it makes me pedal harder. And that's right because when the tires aren't fully pumped, there's more friction and it takes a lot more work. Well, I can remember when I was uh living in the Netherlands, I had about a half hour bike ride uh to work each day and uh we'd bike over the per. There'd be canals criss-crossing to the boulder. There'd be um cows mooing on the one side, goats bleeding on the next side. It was just a beautiful, beautiful morning. The spring morning, I was biking. It was just sunrise. It was just so so peaceful. I'm just biking away, biking. About halfway along the way, my bike just slows down. I'd run over a little shard of glass along the way and all of a sudden the moo the cows were still mooing, the goats were still bleeding, the sun was still shining, but I was not nearly as happy as I had just been because I would have to walk the rest of the way to work. I had just been delighting in my journey to work. But when the delight is gone, frustration and weariness grows and grows and grows. And I I did I felt like taking my bicycle and just throwing it into the canal and being so frustrated with it. But no, you just have to you walk your way to work and then you figure out a way to patch your bike tire and then you head back home at the end of the day. But when we don't delight in the Lord, it's like trying to go on your journey with a flat tire. Yeah, it's no fun at all. And if we are trying to have a walk with the Lord and it's all just rules and it's all just meeting other people's expectations. We see God as somebody who's all these expectations for us and he's going to be checking off all the things on the list that aren't quite right with us. we're not going to have a delight in him and it's going to be really really hard to pedal all the rest of the way because we're just going to feel like giving up and eventually we just we just might. It's important to delight in the Lord. And this is the experience the children of Israel had in the wilderness. It was like trying to bike a long way with empty bike tires. And God wants to show them as they're getting ready to enter the promised land, we need to delight in one another. And that's his purpose here. So, what I'd like to do this morning is spend some time um looking at the cycle that Israel has on this wilderness journey because the wilderness journey is something that we all might be in one or another fa we're all on a journey of some kind and it's important to see what are the the cycle that Israel went through on the wilderness journey because if we can identify that cycle and see some of it in our own lives or in our own thought patterns in our own families if we can identify it then with God's help maybe we can break the cycle. and get off of it because uh that's a real important thing because we don't want to do the same thing that we've been doing that hasn't been working. We want to do something different. So, we're going to try to identify this uh this cycle with the hope of breaking it. So, when I want to take a look at uh maybe we can turn over to the book of Numbers chapter 13 or actually we'll start at Numbers chapter 11. Numbers 13 is when the children of Israel are at Kadesh Barnea getting ready to enter the promised land perhaps for the first time. But um the setting for this really starts all the way back in Numbers 11, maybe even further. But we'll start here. Want to take a look what happens in our lives and in the children of Israel's lives when the Lord is not our delight. What we'll find out first here in Numbers 11 is that there is always more to complain about than to rejoice about. When the Lord's not our delight, there's always more to complain about than to rejoice about. And think about it. uh in numbers 11 they've God has brought Israel through the Red Sea. He's brought them through Mount Si. He's done so many things for them. Just months before they were under the under the uh under the bondage of Egypt and they forget that, right? How quickly we forget the victories of God. Just a few months before they were with Miriam with her tambourine dancing in the wilderness on the other side of the Red Sea saying, "The Lord has cast the horse and the rider in the sea. We're free. We're we're wonderful. God is our victor. He's our deliverer." And how quickly we forget. But when the Lord's not our delight, there's always more to complain about than to rejoice about. In Numbers 11 verse one, the people complained and it displeased the Lord and the Lord heard it. His anger was kindled and the fire of the Lord burnt among them and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp. I wonder if the people who were complaining did their complaining at the uttermost parts of the camp. They knew where they would gather. So only the people who wanted to complain together could be together in the uttermost parts of the camp. And the people cried to Moses and Moses prayed to the Lord and the fire was quenched and the place was called Dear. In verse four, the mixed multitude that was among them fell a little lusting and all the children of Israel wept against who will give us flesh to eat and God provided mana for them. But you know what numbers 11 what they're complaining about there that is setting the stage for how they're going to handle challenges that come in the future because attitude is contagious and habit forming. Help us, Lord. They might have been looking into the future. When God brings us to the promised land, then we'll be victors. We can't live in the future. We can't say, "Ah, when the rapture comes, I want to be serving God that day." Our only connection to the rapture is the present day. Our only way to serve God is in the now. Not put it off to someday in the future. Think how good it was some point in the past. God is in the now. And it's in the now that he wants to contact us. Attitude is contagious and habit forming. They might have been living in the future thinking things will be fine when we get to the promised end, but they weren't serving God in the now. And in the now is when they built habits that would affect how they responded to difficulties there in the future. And we also see that um when the Lord is not our delight, we are gradually preparing ourselves and others for spiritual defeat. Right? Because how the children of Israel responded to difficulties in Numbers 11 and in Numbers 12, it starts establishing a pattern for when they come up with difficulties in Numbers 13. Now in number, let's turn over to Numbers 13:1. The Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Send thou men that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel, of every tribe of their father. to show you sin to man, everyone a ruler among them. Numbers 13, they're right at the threshold of the prom. The prom is just over the next hill. Not the way that dad says on family vacation. Are we there yet? Yeah, just over the next hill. No, this is really it's really over the next hill. They're they're almost there. And how did they get there? What led the children of Israel from Egypt up to this point? How did they know how to get there? Every morning they'd get up and the pillar of cloud would move and that would be their cue. Let's move and let's go forward. And when the pillar of cloud stopped moving, they stopped moving. And perhaps at night they could look up and my kids still, my younger kids still get scared sometimes at night and they like to have a nightlight and maybe sometimes they're in the wilderness. It could be a little scary there, but kids could just open up the tent and look and see the pillar of fire there. This pulsing reminder that God was among them. And that was that's the best nightlight you could have. They had that. The next morning, the pillar of cloud moved again and they knew forward. So why is it they're right on the threshold of the promised land that they have this idea the pillar of fire has led us all the way, but you know what? Let's send 10 spy. Let's send 12 spies to spy out the land. It's different. Where'd that idea come from? The way it's read here in Numbers, it sounds one way, but why was this even necessary? Keep your finger in Numbers 13 and go over to Deuteronomy chapter 1. And when Moses is telling the children of Israel here in the second giving of the law, he tells the same story and he's telling us how in verse 19 he's telling how we went through all the great wilderness after we left Horeb and we came to Kadesh Barnea. That's the end of verse 19. In verse 20, Moses says, "I said unto you, you are come unto the mount of the Amorite, which the Lord our God doth give unto us." Behold, the Lord thy God hath set the land before thee. Go up, possess it, as the Lord thy God of thy fathers hath said unto thee, fear not, neither be discouraged. That's what Moses says, right? Verse 22 gives a really important information. He says, "But you came near unto me, every one of you, and said, No, we'll send men out before us, and they will search out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come." Whose idea was this? Right? This is not the way God had worked with them for the entire wilderness journey. They had just been led by the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud, and that was enough. That was more than enough. Why are they asking the question now? How do we go? How do we go? This is not this is they had never asked that question for the last months as they're going from Egypt to this point. Never came into their minds. They just followed the pillar of fire. And now they wake up and says, "Hey, we need to get a second opinion on this." Because when the Lord is not our delight, man's opinions outweigh God's promises. Right? God isn't their delight. And they before they take a step into this next uh in the next phase of the journey into the promises, ah let's send our princes out, prince from every tribe and let them do it. And Deuteronomy 123 says or two yeah 123 says and the saying pleased me well. Moses said and he followed it. And I just wonder was Moses really happy about this. Or is this the kind of way you know moms and dads can probably identify with this if your son or daughter asks for something. Dad, may I please buy this game? May I please play this game? or may I please have some may I please go to so and so's house no I'd rather we not do that and they ask again and again and again and again you find yes yes you can have what you want just go and be quietly me you can do it I wonder if in that sense Moses says and your saying pleased me well because that's the experience Moses has had in numbers 11 and 12 he says complain complain complain and finally Moses says okay do what you want. Let's see how it works out. I wonder if it's in that sense Moses says the saying pleased me well because this is not according to how God had been working with them through the wilderness journey. But when the Lord's not our delight, God's word isn't good enough. Oh, man's opinions outweigh God's promises. So, they get the 12 spies. They send him out. and the 12 spies. We can flip back to Numbers chapter 13 and verse 17. Moses gets the uh the princes of each tribe and he sends them into spy on the land of Canaan. Says go this way southward this up to the mountain, see the land, etc., etc. And verse 20 gives an interesting uh detail. Says, "And be of good courage and bringeth the fruit of the land." And what time of year were they going out? says it was the time of the first stripe grapes. It's like God is setting them up at Kespernia to have the best possible impression of the land. They're not going in winter time when everything is barren. They're going when the grapes are on the vine. This is the time of year you get the best possible impression. So the spies, they go throughout the land and they tell the story and they go to this particular place. There these these these these grapes that are just huge at this place called Eshko. It takes two men to they chop off branch of these grapes and they're just carrying them back and these these grapes are huge. The impression you get is reading it. There's like these grapes in Canaan are like watermelons. They're just they're just amazing. But they're bringing back evidence of the land. And they and they come back carrying the melons, the grapes, whatever it is. They come back to Moses and everybody's waiting. What are the 12 spies going to tell us? What are they going to tell us? And they come and they lay these these grapes from Eshko. I mean, you can they're in the sun. They're this this reflecting the sun's light. People are gathering and say, "Wow, this is the this is from the promised land. This is the fruit of the land. People can come up. They can smell the grapes. They they can touch them. It's like the promised land is like it's right here in front of us. We can see what it's like. It's just an amazing thing. It's it's right there." And they've brought back evidence of how good the land was. And it wasn't just grapes. Verse 23 says they also back brought back pomegranates and and figs. They just lay it out before the people. This is a good land. Verse 25. And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they show all the congregation there in verse 26 the fruit of the land. And in verse 27, they make their testimony. We came unto the land where you sent us, Moses, and surely it does flow with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it. It's like, yes, hallelujah. Praise. Everybody's thrilled with it. And if they had stopped there, it would have been a completely different story. Right? But they go on and say, "Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land." Yes. And I just want to ask you, where were those people that dwell on the land? Those sons of Anoch, the giants, the grapes were right in the middle of the congregation. They were right here. The giants, they're way over there, way over there. But the more they start talking about the giants, the shadow of the giants falls upon the land. The grapes are still there. But the more they talk about the giants, how powerful they are, how strong they are. It's like the giants come right into the camp and they're standing and nobody sees the grapes that are right there. They see the giants that really aren't there. But in their imagination, their imagination is clouded out. The their imagination clouds out all the positive that is right there that's real. They could go up and grab a bite of that grape. The giants aren't there. They couldn't draw a sword and kill that because he's not there. But in their imagination, they're so freaked out by the giants that aren't there. Well, when the Lord's not our delight, we lose all sense of proportion as we view our trials. The giants weren't there. But when the Lord's not our delight, potential problems, and that word potential means it hasn't happened yet. Yeah. The things that haven't happened overshadow the things that are right in front of us. The grapes that are from the real promised land. Potential problems overshadow even the real fulfillment of God's promises. And they just keep talking about the Amalachites and these sons of Anoch. And in verse 32 uh verse 31, the men say, "We are not able to go up against the people. They are stronger than we are." And they brought up an evil report of the land which which they had searched, saying, "The land through which we have gone to search it is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof." Their testimony almost gets absurdly negative. The land eats up the inhabitants. It's it's literary hyperbole. It's like you're going in there and the trees are going to start fighting against you. The land is going to eat us up. potential problems overweigh the fulfillment that is real. When the Lord's not our delight, our perception of the negative is in such exaggerated proportion that we can see nothing else except the negative. The risk is that our discernment becomes so faulty that we put aside the truth because we don't see it anymore and believe a lie. And that's the reason why when we're going through trials and hard times, that's not the time, that's not the ideal time to make big decisions in life because our discernment won't be real great. Think about the disciples when there's a storm on the Sea of Galilee. Did the disciples know what Jesus looked like? They certainly did. They could identify Jesus in the lineup really easily. But in the middle of the storm when Jesus is walking on the wall water toward them, they say it's a ghost. They knew Jesus well. But in the storms of life, our discernment become clouded and we don't see clearly. Right? That's good. We lose all sense of proportion in our trials. Furthermore, when we don't delight in the Lord, rumors take on the weight of truth. Look at verse 33. And the 10 spies are speaking again. There we saw the giants, da da da da, the sons of Anoch, which come of the giants, and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight. They make two statements there at the end. Only one of them is true, right? We were in our own sight as grasshoppers. It sounds like that's probably true. They saw themselves as grasshoppers. But the next statement, they have no way of knowing. How did they know that the giants saw them as grasshoppers? Yeah, they say it. It's like we can read their minds. That's not true. How did the Canaanites actually view the children of Israel? Right. In the book of Joshua, we know how the Canaanites saw them. Rahab tells them, "We've heard of what your God has done. We heard how he parted the Red Sea. We heard all these things and we're shaking in fear." Right? That's the way it really was. But when the Lord is not our delight, we try to read other people's minds, right? And what we think they think is what we think is our reality. And we're operating in a completely false reality. Amen. How many of you have ever had an argument with somebody in your mind that causes your blood pressure just to rise rise rise? I've done that. When I was when I was in working at the particular office somewhere, I had a manager who is really difficult to work for and I'd be biking on my way to work. Stress just building in my mind thinking, okay, he's going to say this to me and I'm going to say this back to him and he's going to say this to me and I'm going to say this and I'm we're having this argument in my mind. I'm just building myself building myself up so much. I'm finally logged in at my desk and he walks in the door. I'm ready to launch into him. He just says, "Good morning." I say, "Good morning." I lost so much of my morning. Built up in stress about something. I was having an argument. My mind responding in anger to things had never even been said yet. And that's so easy to have happen. The Lord's not our delight. We rush to believe the negative instead of just resting that God will take care of us. Our discernment goes off the rails when the Lord is not our delight. Turn over to Numbers chapter 14. That night after the 10 spy after the 12 spies had showed the the fruit of the land and they talked about all the giants. It was a rough night. Really rough night. Numbers 14 says there were there was crying in every tent. Everybody was just really upset and babies weren't sleeping well because they felt the stress between moms and dads. And if babies don't sleep well, moms and dads don't sleep well. It gets worse. It's just this negative cycle. It just keeps getting worse and worse and worse. The next morning and their minds, they've worked themselves up. Things are getting worse and worse. They get up the next morning. Verse two, all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron. And the whole congregation said unto them, "We wish we had just died in the land of Egypt, or that God would let us die in the wilderness. Why? Why hath the Lord brought us into this land to fall by the sword that our wives and children should be a prey? Were it not better for us to return to the land of Egypt? Israel perceives their deliverers to be their persecutor. God had delivered them from Egypt. And now Israel, they're not lighting. And God, they're turning the table say, "God, you have caused so much pain and suffering in our lives. God, why did you do this? I wish we would be back there in Egypt. I wish we'd never even called out for a deliverer. The devil is making them nostalgic for the past. And when we're going through tough times, my it was so good back there. So, I wish we could just go back to the 1950s. It was all so much better back then. We can be nostalgic for how it used to be. But nostalgia has very bad uh memory. Also, nostalgia is not accurate because you know what? The devil is making them nostalgic for a past that didn't exist. Right? They could desire to go back to Egypt. Egypt had been destroyed. They forget that what didn't exist anymore. And in the in the wilderness journey, what they remember about Egypt, you can read it in Numbers 11. They remember the leaks, the garlics. They said they had the the melons and the pomegranates. They don't remember the whip going across their back. how they had to save their sons because uh Pharaoh was trying to kill each of them. They don't remember any of those things. When we're going through a trial, we're nostalgic for the past. The past the devil makes us nostalgic for didn't exist the way it's presented. It doesn't exist now. Nostalgia is a dead end. God doesn't want us to go back to the past. He brought us to the present to serve him in the present, not in the past. It's the present. It's the only place in our lives that God is now. So don't think ah I wish I could serve him better back then. I wish I would serve him better in the future. No, now now is the only connection we have with God. We have no guar. We can't go back. We have no guarantee for tomorrow. God is in the now. But when the Lord is not our delight, you know what? In Numbers chapter 14, this is part we uh we told already. Um they they go back and forth. This is when God says, "Okay, I've had enough of it. You want to go? You want to uh you want to go back in the wilderness? Fine. You'll go back in the wilderness. You say that I can't bring anybody into the promised land. I will prove you wrong, but you will not see it with your eyes. Everyone 20 years old and under is going to die in the wilderness, and I will fulfill my promise faithfully to your children." That's what he says in Numbers chapter 14. And that day, the 10 spies die of a plague. They're gone. In verse 37, that's a very sobering moment. Everybody goes to bed and it's kind of like pins and needles. You could probably They probably don't sleep real well that night. And they wake up the next morning thinking, man, maybe we made a mistake yesterday. Maybe maybe we should go ahead and go into the promise. maybe we should. And then verse 40 talks about how the congregation has second thoughts and they decide to go up and try to possess the promised land in their own strength. But no, when the Lord's not our delight, we may talk like we're doing God's will, but we'll be doing it with our own agenda, and defeat is certain. Because they do try to go up and take the land the next day. Moses warns them, "Don't do it. That is not what God's calling us to do. But they're doing it in their own strength. This text says we they presume to go up. It's like they're saying, "Moses, you can say what you want, but we're still able to do it." They're not submitting themselves to the word of God or to the will of God. So, they're talking, "We're going to go possess the promised land." But they're doing says, "Moses, we can do it our way. We're going to do God's will our way." But when we do God's will our way, we're really just putting a holy whitewash onto our own will and defeat is certain. There are multiple times we see this. It's in the attack on Amcch that very day they go attack and they get routed, but they talked as though they were doing a holy thing. All they were trying to do was prove Moses wrong. Yeah. They were doing their will but whitewashing it with spiritual language. And that's kind of a pattern that you see in the wilderness journey. Um, couple chapters later, you have the rebellion of Kora, Dayan, and Abram. And Kora, Dayan, and Nyum, they want to say, they say, "Moses, why are you elevating yourself above everybody else?" So, first off, Moses didn't even want the job. God had to send him. God had to say, Moses, if you don't go, you're in trouble. Moses didn't elevate himself. God put him there. And then they say, "But Moses, God has made the entire congregation holy." And they're putting their own, this is their own political campaign, but they're putting it in language of holiness. The entire congregation is holy. Why are you elevating yourself of everybody else? We should be part of it, too. And we know how they ended up. They got um swallowed up there in the wilderness. The earth opened up and swallowed them up. But you know what? Take a look over in Numbers 26. This is just a really encouraging thing. Years ago in the in the school where I taught, um there was a couple situations going on in a couple of the families and it was it just broke my heart. Had a couple of couple of students just the sweetest students and the home situation was just horrendous. Like my goodness and these kids are trying to serve God the best they can. And it seems like with mom and dad doing whatever they want and still coming to church and raising their hands like the worst, as though they're serving God when they're not through the whole rest of the week. How do these kids stand a chance? And Numbers 26, I read it then and we think we all know the story of Kora Dayan in the Broom. I thought I did until I read it here in Numbers 26. Because we know that um um verse 10, the earth opened her mouth and swallowed them up together with Kora when that company died. When that what time the fire devoured 250 men, they became a sign. Kora was devoured. Dayton was devoured. Byron was devoured. But there was one group that was not devoured. Verse 11, notwithstanding, the children of Kora died not. I had always thought Kora Day by their whole families just got swallowed up. The children of Kora didn't, right? They made a choice that was different than the choice that their dad made. So dad was going one way, but they did not align themselves with dad. They aligned themselves with God. And God had honor for that. They were able to break the cycle. And for generations they would be known as the sons of Kora. That church spplitter, the sons of Kora, that man who just tried to lead Israel off the wrong way. They had that reproach attached to their name. They were the sons of Kora. But you know what? They kept serving God. And they served God despite the baggage of their family. And look at the Psalms that were written by them. The sons of Kora were some of David's best songwriters. This was the very same family who had risen up in protest against Moses. But the sons of Kora said, "No, we are not sons of Kora first. We are sons of God first. We are sons of Abraham first, and we're going to follow that leadership." And they did. And their testimony proved in the end greater than the reproach of their dad's name. They still wore their dad's name. We are sons of Kora, but we are serving the God of Abraham. They had a personal relationship with God that was much greater than the failings of their mom, failings of their dad. There's hope to break a cycle, be a son or daughter of Kora. So Kora talked like he was doing God's will, but he had his own agenda. What else happens in the wilderness journey? It's a disappointing time. There are failures of leadership at the highest level along the journey. Even Moses messed up in his anger. People kept complaining, complaining, complaining. And God told Moses, "Go speak to the rock." Well, Moses, he's not a good speaker. Speaking is not his strength. His strength is smiting. And he went out there and he didn't. He spoke to the people. He gave them a piece of his mind. He says, "You guys, you are a bunch of idiots. You are a pain to me." He just made him feel it. And then finally he just riled up at the pinnacle of his speech just says and God honored his prophet but his prophet sure messed up. Yeah, he did. Moses disobeyed God but made it sound spiritual the whole time. There was a leadership failure there in the wilderness. People uh had disappointed expectations along the way. Even as they get closer and closer to the promised land, God delivers them from the um from the king of Sihon and the king of Og. God delivers them. Yet even after victories in the promised land, the people still complain. Not even victories are good enough in the wilderness journey. It's like the victories aren't good enough. What they need? They need a vision in the wilderness journey. They need to be captivated by something more than just the daily grind. They need a a love for the truth. They need delight in the Lord because when victories, God is taking care of them along the way. Why do they keep messing up? And in this case, it almost seems like it's an example of the mystery of iniquity. Why do they keep failing in the same areas? It's because they don't have a love for the truth. If you get a love for the truth, that allows you to break that cycle. But as long as they're just going through the grind, even good things that happen along the way, they forget about it so easily and they complain the next day. You have to break the cycle with a love for the truth. Amen. And a delight in the Lord. Amen. And that's what I want to take a look at now in this next uh next section. We've taken a look at what happens. The Lord's not our delight. It's not a pretty picture. And all of us can take a look probably in our own lives, in the lives of our families and along our spiritual journey where the God hasn't been our delight. And it's been a real difficult road. We know what that's like. We've seen it in Numbers. We've seen it in our own journey. Let's take a look though at Psalm 37 to see what happens when the Lord is our delight. because we don't want to we we we don't want to go through the same scenario again and again and again. I want to break that cycle and key to doing that is delighting in the Lord. I just want to read the first seven verses of Psalm 37. As we read, I want you to pay special attention to the important verbs. Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity. For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and witherst the green herb. But trust in the Lord, and do good. So shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed. Delight thyself also in the Lord, and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart. Commit your way unto the Lord. The Hebrews, roll your way upon the Lord. Commit it to him. Trust also in him, and he shall bring it to pass, and he shall bring forth thy righteousness, as the light and thy judgment as the noon day. Rest in the Lord. Wait patiently for him. Fret not thyself because of him who prospers in his way because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass. These are important important verbs. The first one is going to be fret not. This is in verse one. Fret not. In verses one and two basically tell us to take our eyes off of people who are going the wrong way. Because I don't know if you've experienced before. I have. Sometimes you take a look at people who aren't doing anything to follow the Lord at all. And yet seems like they're the ones sure who win the lottery. They're the ones who got the promotion. They're the ones driving in a really nice car and I've got this old clunker that Yeah, it's fine. But I'm serving you, God. Why don't you give me the kind of stuff that they're getting? Well, serving God is about much more than getting good stuff from God. But take your eyes off of people who are going the wrong way. Fret not means don't heat yourself into vexation or become angry because it'll bring you to do what you'll regret. So don't fret. And we notice that worry can't grow in a heart that delights in the Lord. But fret not an important verb there. And then come across to trust. Trust in the Lord. Do good. The next verse, verse four, delight thyself also in the Lord. And then the next verse, commit thy way unto the Lord. And then again, you where you started trusting him, keep on trusting him. This is not just a one-time trust. It is a life of trust. And finally, when we've done all these things, we can just rest. And I taught this one time and somebody came and says, "Man, you missed one really important verb, brother Rap." So, I want to add this one. And that's do trust in the Lord. Verse three says, "And do good." It's easy to say, "I'm just going to trust in the Lord." Just going to trust in the Lord, and once I see that he's made a way, then I'll get up and do something. But you know what? God doesn't always make a way for us, make everything clear to us first. We can trust in him. And sometimes we then have to take a step. Yes. To take another step. Then we take another step. We want to have everything planned out ahead of time. But um Proverbs says, "The steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord." It's really hard to to guide somebody who's unwilling to make a step. Yes, I'm going to stand still until I know exactly where God wants me to go. I'm just going to stand still. You can't You're just going to be pushing them down. But once you take a step, it's easy to guide someone. But you hear like fishing or boating. You got a a rudder on a boat, right? Yeah. And you just turn that rudder back and forth. If the boat's not moving, moving the rudder does absolutely no good. Right? Only after you're moving does moving the rudder do any good. You can't steer a ship that's stationary. So, as we're trusting God, we show our trust in him by doing the little things that he tells us to do. And then as we're trusting him, he guides us further. So, we can't be afraid to do or be unwilling to start doing until God shows us everything because that's not how God works. And sometimes we think, man, I'll serve God once I feel inspired to do it. Well, if we wait on inspiration, there wouldn't be very many meals cooked. Would there be housewives? Some things we just do. If I wait on inspiration, there will be very little projects done in my house. I hate doing projects. My wife makes the list. I put it off, put it off, put it off. And I hate doing them because I'm bad at them. But you know what? It's happened before where once I actually get started, it's not as bad as I thought and I don't admit it to my wife. It it really wasn't too bad. Looks kind of good now. Once we start doing something, often that is the point where God starts changing our desires and God this isn't too bad. But if we wait, I will do it once I have a a will to do it. Not much gets done. We trust God, we do, and then he starts anointing and working upon us. So doing is the greatest way to show trust and then enjoy the delight. So fret not. Worry cannot grow in a heart that delights in God. The worrisome anxious thoughts will come up. But because we delight in God, we weed those thoughts out daily. They'll come up every day. They'll always be things to worry us, to get us fright, to get us upset. But we delight in God. We weed those out. They don't stick around. Delight in God fosters, builds, strengthens trust and obedience in our journey as we're in this journey to our position in the body of Christ. And along the way, our heart, we're walking with God. And as we walk with God, we get to know him better. And our heart starts to beat with God's heart and its desires gradually become reality in our lives. This kind of goes back to that scripture in Deuteronomy 10. What was the main point? That we fear the Lord. That we walk in his ways. Because as we walk in his ways, our knowledge of God grows and grows and our heart gets changed more and more. And it's in delight that we really have rest as we wait on the Lord. It can be really hard to wait for things in life. But if I delight in the Lord, if I have a love for him, if I enjoy my time with him, I'm willing to enjoy my time with him while I'm waiting for him to do the thing that I've asked him to do. Delight helps us to wait on the Lord. So, I look at Psalm 37 as kind of um the theory of delight. This is how it theoretically can work. But you know what? It says in theory, there's no difference between theory and practice. But um in practice there is in theory you just go from A to B delight in God everything is fine and peachy but in practice it's a little more involved. So we look we've taken a look at the theory of delight but I want to go back to numbers 13. We've taken a look at the 10 spies. I want to take a look now at Caleb specifically to see somebody who's delighting in the Lord and what that looks like in real life. So, let's turn back to Numbers 13 just a moment. We want to remember that Caleb is one of those spies, too. He saw the same things the other 10 spies saw. Y yet something enabled him to draw very opposite conclusions. And that's what's important. Why could he see the same things but draw opposite conclusions? Well, we saw that when you don't delight in the Lord, you find more to complain about than to rejoice about. But when you do delight in the Lord, you dwell on the good things of the past. Caleb could go back and remember you're in Numbers 13, but I'm not. Caleb could go back and remember what God had done for them. Actually, go to Numbers 14 and verse 8, Caleb was able to go back. Caleb still had the main point. The main point was God delights in us. He chose us. Caleb remembers that verse 8 says, "If the Lord delight in us, he will bring us into this land and give it to us, a land which does flow with milk and honey." Look, we see the grapes right here. He's trying to bring their attention right back to that. Caleb, he hadn't lost the main point. Caleb could dwell on the good things of the past. And Caleb, he saw the same giants that they saw. But Caleb never saw a giant that was bigger than his God. Right? Caleb could put the word of God next to giants. He saw and all of a sudden the giants weren't nearly as big as God was. Caleb remembered what God had done in the past. He still knew the main point. The testimonies of what God has done remind us of what God still can do. That's an important thing. Delight in the Lord is not denial. Right? Caleb doesn't go out and say, "Ah, there are no there are no giants there in the land." That's not it. Faith isn't denial. I can say, "I've got a really bad headache today." And even if I've been prayed for, my I can still say my head my head's still hurting. I'm not denying that I'm I'm having a particular symptom, but you know what? I'm trusting in my God that's going to be greater than this. So, it's not like I've got to go through I think I'm I'm everything's going to be healthy and fine. No, delight is not denial. Delight does acknowledge that difficulties exist. Delight, well, I I can have aches and pains, but I can still have delight in God. Caleb was delighting in God. He wasn't denying that giants were there, but it kept delight keeps the giants in our lives in proper proportion by placing the giant next to the person of God and the promises of God. Right? So because of his delight in the Lord, Caleb could have realistic expectations of the promised land. He saw the giants, but he also saw a land flowing with milk and honey. Caleb saw no giants bigger than his God. Caleb believed what God said about him instead of what the people thought that the giants thought about them. Caleb's testimony is actually much more realistic than the 10 spies. The 10 spies come out and say, "The land's going to devour us up." It's absurd. Caleb gives a positive testament is actually much more realistic than the negative testimony because it's founded upon reality. And the reality was God delights in us. When the Lord's our delight, we have power to be a lone voice of testimony even when everybody else sees the negative because we know that God is with us. And Caleb had that power. Now, this next one is uh is interesting. Turn over to Joshua chapter 5. When the Lord is our delight, we get past the politics of choosing sides. That's right. Politics got in the children of Israel's way repeatedly in the wilderness journey. Who's right? This person or that person, Moses or this brother? Who's right? Who's right? And in most of our wilderness journeys, there have been times along the way where competitions for power within the church, within the family, whatever, and there's politics tearing away. And that does great damage. When the Lord's our delight, we can get past the politics of choosing sides. Take a look at Joshua 5:es 13,4 and 15. And here Joshua is getting ready to lead the children of Israel across the land. He's gotten up early that morning. He goes, he verse 13. It came to pass when Joshua Joshua was by Jericho that he lifted up his eyes and looked and behold there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand. Right? And Joshua approaches this man. He's ready to draw his sword. And he asks, "Are you for us?" Yes. Or against us? Are you for us or for our adversaries? And this question is a very natural question because most of us think about, hey, you're either for me or against me. There's just two sides to take here. Jo, this is this is a a a pattern of thought that's part of the wilderness journey. It's part of our humanity. But Joshua is falling into a trap here. Because look how God answers the question. This is the angel of the Lord. Are you for us or for our adversaries? And the angel of the Lord says, "No, but as captain of the host of the Lord, am I now come?" The error in Joshua's question is revealed by the Lord's response. As captain of the host of the Lord, am I now come? God doesn't come to take sides. Right? He comes and the question is on us. Are you on God's side? God is the side. We try to trivialize and say, "I want to go I'm going to take this quote or this Bible verse. This shows that God's on my side." And somebody else says, "No, God's on my side. I've got this quote or this Bible verse." No, we just want God to come so we can line up behind him. Joshua had been through the wilderness journey and he'd been useless. Are you for us or against us? But God comes and Josh says, "Yes, sir. I am with you, the Lord." That's amen. When the Lord's our delight, we get past that politics of choosing sides. Amen. When the Lord is our delight, God sustains our strength and vision during the long period when we await the fulfillment of God's promise. Look at Joshua 14 and think about Caleb and Joshua for just a minute. Caleb and Joshua were two faithful servants of God. They went and spied out the land. They brought back a true report. They believed what God said. They did this probably at great personal cost to themselves. The other 10 spies looked at them as traitors being thrown under the bus. They didn't appreciate Caleb or Joshua at all. Caleb and Joshua did nothing wrong in Numbers 13. They did exactly what they should do as godly men or women. They do exactly what's right. And yet, they don't go into the promised land. They have to go back into the wilderness for 40 years like everybody else even though they did nothing wrong. There can be some trials that we go through that are not our fault, but there's no way to get out of it. And I think about this one. This is one that's that's near and dear to my heart just because I I work with kids at school. There can be family situations. Moms or dads could have arguments. They could split up. They could divorce. The child has done absolutely nothing wrong. But that child goes through a great trial for much of their life because of a decision that they had no power to influence. They have to go through a long wilderness journey. It's not their fault. But God was with Caleb, right? And Joshua in that wilderness journey. It would been really hard for me if I were Caleb not to be bitter against all these other people who I'm just waiting. Oh, finally that person died off. I'm glad they finally died off. This is my enemies list. I can't go until they're all dead. I'm celebrating their death. That'd be in my flesh. It'd be hard not to do that because I am having pain in my feet and my back every day for 40 years because of them. If people had just been listening to me the whole time, we wouldn't be in this boat. But you know what? God works in Caleb and Joshua, I bet, in those 40 years, too. Just kind of rubbing things out of them the whole time. So even if we're in a trial that's not of our own doing, decisions were made, fights were had in families, in churches, whatever. And we've been bearing the baggage of it. Joshua and Caleb could write the book on that. and they were still faithful. Amen. The sons of Kora could write the book on that. Been there, done that, got the t-shirt, and they turned it into a testimony. Right? So, whatever wilderness journey we might still be in, walk with God each step of the way. Keep walking with him. Fret not yourself because all these other people in the camp who didn't do right and are causing you have a lot of pain. Don't don't fret because of that. Trust in the Lord. Do good. Delight yourself in the Lord. Commit your way unto the Lord. Trust in him again. Rest. And tomorrow you might have to go through the whole cycle again, right? And again and again. But that's the only way to make through the wilderness journey without building up bitterness and hatred and everything else. It's the only way to make it through and come through ready to be a victor. Because delight sustains our strength and our vision in that long period when we await the fulfillment of God's promise. Great trials that are not our fault. Perhaps it's easier to understand a trial when I wish I hadn't done that. When it's our fault, we kind of feel like, ah, at least I'm being punished by going through the trial. No, but if it's we never did, it's hard to understand. And Caleb lived through the 40 years. And in Joshua chapter 14, we see verse seven, Caleb because he delighted in the Lord, he rejoiced to see the day of personal victory. In verse 7, Caleb says, 40 years old was I when Moses, the servant of the Lord, sent me from Kadesh Bernie. He's 80 making it through the wilderness. He sent me to spy on the land and I brought him word again as it was in my heart. Not the way my eyes saw, but as my heart saw. That's my testimony because Caleb delighted in God. Nevertheless, my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the whole people to melt. But I wholly followed the Lord my God. And Moses swore on that day, saying, Surely the land were on thy feet have trodden shall be your inheritance, and thy childrens forever because you have wholly followed the Lord my God. And now, behold, the Lord hath kept me alive, as he said, these 40 and five years, even since the Lord spake this word unto Moses with the children of Israel. For I am this day four score and five years old as yet I am as strong this day as in the day that Moses sent me. Why? Because he delighted in the Lord. He rejoiced to see the day of personal victory. We've seen what what it's like when the Lord's not our delight. What it's like when the Lord is our delight. And my question now is how are we going to go in to tomorrow? How can we delight in God when it's not easy? When it's Monday morning when we're tired after a weekend banquet and things like we didn't good didn't get a good night's sleep. Well, first off, I'll say post camp blues are a real thing. Just because you're sick and tired after camp doesn't mean the blessings left. Just means your body is protested. You need rest. Don't overspiritualize that. Delighting in God on Monday. Focus on the main point. You're in the covenant. It's for you. It's a covenant to delight in. You're in the picture. The Lord has made the covenant with you. Even with you who are alive this day, who made it through the wilderness journey, who made it through whatever spiritual traumas you've been in, the Lord talked with you. You're in it as well. Focus on the main point. You're in the covenant. It's a covenant to delight in. And take the time to remind each other how God sustained you in the past in conversation and song. Take the time. A good friend reminds you of good things that God's done to you. It's easy when a friend comes with a problem to kind of nod and and talk along with them. But sometimes a good friend is good put the brakes on. Say, "Hey, hold up. You're not thinking completely clearly because God has done some good things for you, too." When we're in the pit, when we're in the dark time, we don't remember those things. Read the Bible. Memorize special verses. This might sound really trit, hackneed, overused, but it's true. As we read the Bible, God does things for us. Make little If God speaks to you as you're reading through the Bible, make marks in there. Put little dates in there, milestones. I've got a a little prayer request. I have I still have it here. I wrote it down on the 11th July of 2001. This has been in my Bible for 24 years and I keep it here as a reminder. And my prayer request, I want victory in this area of my life. I said, I want to be encouraged and not discouraged by stronger Christians. That seemed like a strange request. I would find myself that time. I'd look at other brothers in the youth group, things like that. Man, they're such strong Christians. I could never be like that. So I'd look at the strong testimonies in the youth. Man, I can never and I'd be discouraged by that. And I wrote it down. This is what I want God to do for I you help me here, God. And you know what? On the back of it, I still have it. I have a testimony that God helped me abundantly in this area of my life. He's met the request. When God does something for you, mark it down. Yeah, I've got portions in my Bible that I have this this particular date, this particular date, this particular date. In the Old Testament, they did the same thing, but they didn't have Bibles. And what they did, they're going on their wilderness journey. God meets them somewhere. The next morning, they get up and make a pile of stones. They build an altar. Just build this pile. Why? Because in the wilderness journey, you go back the same places. Sometimes as you're going back same, the kids ask, "Hey, Dad, what's that pile of stones?" Like, "Oh, man. I'd forgotten, guys." 10 years ago when I went through this time, this is what God did for me. He met me here. Those piles of stones were reminders to them of God's goodness to them. Make those things for yourself because we are so quick to forget what God has done. Listen to brother Brandham's sermons. God sent him for a reason. take some time. If God really sent a prophet, if he really did it, might it be good to spend some time listening to it? Amen. It was probably about 11 years ago that the pastor that I grew up under, he left the message and was gone. And that was a really, really tough time in my life. I read everything out there that could be read against the message at that time. I read it all. It was really, really hard. But I I went through probably a year or two process doing all those things. And I finally realized, you know what? What am I really looking for? Could God do any kind of one or two things? And I kind of realized after a while, it was almost a game of whack-a-ole that you this question comes up and you start answering that and something else comes up and something else comes. Hold up. My life is not founded upon a life story of one man. If I go back and look and say my is the truth of the godhead that God is one not three. Is that from the Bible? Yes, it is. If you take a look was it more than an apple in the garden of Eden? You look through the Bible. Yes, it was. It was more than that. Is baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? Is it in father? Yes, it it this this is true. I go back and God was moving me in that time from a false foundation to a true strong foundation. And after a while, I got to I was in my room by myself one evening and I got to um I had done a a study on complexes years back and I just picked it up and I read this quote, Brother Brandham's reading in in Phoenix in 1962 and he said, he says, "I remember when I first came here in Phoenix in my good 1940s. What a wonderful time we had in there." He's kind of reminiscing nostalgia take you back to the past. He says, "The ministry's come up higher. Gifts have been multiplied, but somehow or another, I wish I was just back like I was at the first place." He's been through a lot. You could kind of hear that if we just forget some of the things they ever learned, I think we'd be a lot better off. Some of the battles we go through, the memories aren't always so good. I wish we could forget that. And he says, "Well, I think the road to God is through the path of humility and service." You know what? I think there's nothing better in the world to lift us up to Christ than that. Humility and service. Because when we're serving, we're getting our eyes off ourselves onto somebody else. And that's the best way out. You know, this is what really touched me. You get to see in the wilderness journey, you get to see carnal impersonations and so forth and it kind of dulls you and it puts something in you. I wish it didn't do that. He says, I think it gets you in the state of a complex when you shouldn't be there. You should just keep all things away and move on. And he didn't name the kind of complex it is, but I think it was a complex of skepticism because when you've been through seen so many things that said they were great, but they weren't. After all, I say I will keep everything at arms length. Everything at arms length. I feel more comfortable. I keep things at arms length. And I was doing that myself with the message for a long time. Keeping it at arms length. At arms length. It's really hard to get to know somebody when you keep them at arms length. And what I did, I thought I want to get to know brother Brad and this message from ground zero. So what I did, I went back listen started 1947. There's not very many t I started listening and listening and listening to those and get to know not what people said he was but how he actually presents himself and it rings true. It rings genuine. This is not a man who's trying to deceive. This is a man who who cares and loves people who chose the wrong way. Spend some time if God really sent a messenger. It might be worth just a little of our time to get to know him personally. That's right. If God speaks to your heart, do it. Don't delay. Don't participate in rumors. Try to bless someone else. And just in closing, I want to share a quote with you that uh is a blessing to me because you might think, I mean, I want to be a believer, but I've seen so many believers that were just impersonations. I don't want to be like brother X or I don't want to be like sister Y. I don't I want to be like that. I want to be something different. Well, I've got good news. We might think that being a believer, the better a believer you are, the more fanatical things you'll say or do. That's not the way it is. Believing is not fanaticism. This is Blet message. Believe from the heart. God does things so simple. Yet we're so frustrated till we look for great big things. We want God to come and do a great big thing for us. Bam, our trial is completely gone. He doesn't always do that. He says, "Be satisfied with little things. Watch him when he does his glorious works. How he protects you." Yes. how he protects you. How often do we overlook something like that? But he, brother Ben, calls it a glorious work. Don't be looking way over the top of something, seeing what God hasn't done for you yet, and being bitter at God for not doing the big thing you've asked for when God is taking care of you in the little things today. That's good. Notice, I've begun to think it's possible that you can live close to God and God through his grace operates through you. that the more God you get, the more godly you become, the more eternal life come in, the more of the intellectual it pushes out. This is these two these two slides are describing a life that delights in the Lord. And he says, "Now, I don't mean to be a fanatic. I mean to be a real, sane, sound believer." Amen. Not a bunch of isms, but a real solid, true, sensible, intelligent believer. Sometimes our association with the real believers, we think, "Ah, they say the fanatical things and the more fanatical it sounds. Say, "Wow, praise God. What a what a great." No. And then they just burn out and go off in the end. But look at the words used to describe a believer here. Seven adjectives. Real. Yeah. Sane. A believer have to be crazy. They can be a sane person, a real sane, sound believer. established on the scriptures, a sound believer, not a bunch of ism, but solid, not hollow, but solid, true, sensible, intelligent. Yes. Beautiful. God is looking for believers like this, right? Real, sane, sound, solid, true, sensible, intelligent believers. That's what we're called to be. Review these verbs. Fret not. Trust the Lord. Delight. Commit. Trust. Rest. And while we're doing that, do as musicians come. Just want to close maybe we can just close our eyes for a moment and and think over the thoughts that that we've heard. I don't know what your wilderness journeys look like, but everybody goes through a wilderness journey. And I can imagine those 20 year olds, 30 year olds, 40 year olds who are there at the Jordan. They've got plenty of baggage, plenty of complexes. They've seen their friends leave. They've seen hard feelings develop. They've seen all kinds of splits. But for some reason, they're still there. They're still they've still made it to the Jordan River, and they're getting ready to go off over with over the Jordan with with with Joshua. And why? They might wonder some, why am I still here? I've seen so much bad stuff. Why am I still here? They might not be able to answer the question themselves. And maybe you wonder, man, I don't know how I'm still here, but I am still here. And I've got all kinds of bad memories of the past that I wish I could just get over. I want to be that kind of believer that that we just described. I don't want to be that fanatical person that and the fear of being that fanatic crazy believer just goes about hurting people that keeps me from actually taking a step toward God. I just want to let you know that's not the real deal. Will you be willing to stop keeping the Lord at arms length and accept him for who he truly is? That's the purpose of the book of Deuteronomy. And really, that's the purpose of what the message truly is, to be able to put the interpretations that people have put on it to the side and get to know God for who he really is. And if you say, ' Man, I've got some wilderness journey trauma, some battle trauma, some some from spiritual battles. I just want to put that aside. And you say, I want to testify that I want to go on with God. I'd love to pray with you. Would you just say, "Yes, God has spoken to my heart today, and I've got all those complexes. I've got enough baggage, more than you could believe, Brother Rap, but I want to go on. Would you pray for me?" God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Yes, each one. God bless you. As we all go through these things, but Jesus speaks to us in the book of Matthew. Come unto me all you who labor and are heavy laden. You've carried the burdens long enough. Jesus is the one to give rest. Come to him. Amen. Lord Jesus, I just commit each and every family here, each and every person, old and young. Lord, Lord, we all have these scars sometimes that that really do affect us, Lord. I pray, oh God, that you would help each person, old and young, Lord, to get to know you better truly, Lord, that we might be able to really walk with you and delight in you. Bring us back, Lord, to the main point. I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. You know the song through it [Music] all. Maybe we can just stand and sing this one. Yeah. We'll start with the uh start with the chorus and then I just invite the song leader to come or brother Paul wherever he takes it from here. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in [Music] God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Help me out. I've had beneath tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. many times then to know right from [Music] wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials only come to make me strong. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. his word. I don't want to get up here and repreach brother Rap's sermon, but I just as he was preaching, it just really touched my heart. I got to thinking about in Joshua 15, Joshua's daughter, I never pronounced her name correctly, forgive me, but Asha, she comes one day and says, "You know, I got the promise. I've crossed over. I've got the land, but I need the springs." You see, through everything that Caleb experienced, young people, you're here. We're trusting that God would deal with your hearts and draw you closer to him and open up that revelation of who he is. That you would be able to realize you're not just here to spend your life and go away, but you're here for a purpose, and that's to fulfill God's word. And it just struck me, brother Rap, as you were preaching on that everything Caleb went through, he still left a testimony with his daughter that she didn't say, "This has been too tough. This has been she come and said, "This work has been started. A promise was made. I've got a portion of my promise. Now I want the Holy Ghost. I want the spring in the valley. I want the spring in the mountaintop. no matter where I'm living, I want that spring in my life. And she had enough courage at that stage right there, enough foundation laid that she come and said, "It's time. I want to receive this. I want the complete work finished in my life." And young people, I want to encourage you. Don't stop right here. I I trust you've had a good weekend. I I pray that you have. And don't stop right here, though. Don't stop until you have the spring in the valley of your life and you have the spring in the mountain of your life. That everywhere you go, the living water is flowing for you. It's not a time to say, "We had a good weekend." It's a time to say, "I've moved forward in my relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ, and I'm not going back." I I've heard, you know, she had to have heard some of those stories. She had to have heard about the the the the family dying in the wilderness. She hadn't heard about all of these conditions that had to come. But Caleb's ministry to his daughter was strong enough that none of those stories turned her away. You see, as parents, sometimes we speak too freely in front of our children of the negative. Lord, help us to speak freely of the positive before our children. Amen. We'll just have our brother Isaac. I'd like to just sing a song. I had a couple here I just wrote down as I thinking about it. But I would just like us to just sing that song. The name of the Lord. Amen. It's my strong tower. Amen. God bless you. I trust you are blessed today. And as we would close out the service, Brother Isaac will bless the food and we'll have a little fellowship time. Amen. If you've been blessed by Brother Rap's ministry this weekend, do not be bashful to let him know. Amen. It'll do good for you to say, "I was blessed." And it will do him good to know that what he has labored and come. You You heard the story. I mean, everything that's coming, all the issues, some family issues, a basement full of water, missed flights, uh or cancelled flight, all these things. It wasn't easy for brother Rap to get here, but he never gave up because he said, "I'm going to come. I want to speak. I want to see these young people blessed." So, God bless you as we sing this song. Name of the Lord in a strong righteous run into. They are [Music] saved. Name of the Lord is a strong tower. Righteous run to and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of my Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. Blessed be the name of my Lord. Blessed be the name of my Lord. Blessed be the name of my Lord most high. Blessed be the name of my Lord. Blessed be the name of my Lord. Blessed be the name of my lord most high. Amen. Hallelujah. Um I always debate you know listening to them the sermon different things go through your mind God lays something on your heart. Should I say something? Should I should I not? But uh just thinking about that wilderness experience. I've been reading in Psalms similar right around where you were reading there, brother. Um Psalms 42 says, "Oh my soul, why art thou that cast down? Why thou just quieted within me?" And it goes on to say, "Yet I went into the house of the Lord and praised him anyway." It's that trust committing it unto him, right? and then delighting in what he's done. Amen. I debated on what song to sing, but I'd like to sing that little that song, Nothing Without You. You know, God, it starts with something simple like you read at the end there, brother, with something simple, raising your hand, saying, "Lord Jesus, it's not us that does it. It's the life within us, the Christ within us. So, if we could just sing this this morning. Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. I have nothing. Lord, I am [Music] nothing without you. Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. I am nothing. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see I have nothing without you. Take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. I have nothing. I am [Music] nothing without you. Take my time. here on this earth and let it glorify you all. You are worth Lord. I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Take these hands and lift them up. [Music] For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. Lord, I am nothing. I have nothing without you. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to dismiss, let's just say a word of prayer over the food and the fellowship this afternoon. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you for your presence, Lord Jesus, thank you for your faithfulness, Lord God. Lord, as we would go today, Lord Jesus, the different things, Lord God, may you just be with us. May you go with us. May you go in every heart lead us and guide us, Lord Jesus. May your footsteps, Lord, just be led by you. May each one go safely home as the different ones would have to travel, Lord Jesus. May you watch over every each and every one, Lord. And Lord, may you bless our fellowship this afternoon. May it May we speak of the things that you've done for us, Lord [Music] Jesus. May we speak positive things, Lord God. Lord, we pray you just bless the food, bless our time together, bless each one, we pray. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And as we get ready to smith, I'd like to sing uh thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving [Music] kindness is better than life. My loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless [Music] thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Amen. God bless you. God with you. You're dismissed. [Music] [Music] Oh. [Music]
