################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - March 26, 2025 - Where have ye laid him  -Bro. David Nash - David Nash.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-26
Title:   March 26, 2025 - "Where have ye laid him? " -Bro. David Nash
Speaker: David Nash
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwHTihT7BRA
========================================

Description:
Bro David Nash
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Christ. Um, I'm having to use a different mic, so apologies for that. Um, see what we have. Let's go to number 730. I've been thinking about this song, and I don't think we've sang it since uh since Brother Jason, but I believe we know it. [Music] There's a light in the window shining there before me. Someone standing at the open door and I can see the crystal river and I know it'll be forever. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this homeick before. And I can see the family gather. Each face they're all familiar. No one will be feeble anymore. And oh my lonesome heart is crying. I feel to spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. And what a day that will be. Each saint in victory walking through those gates forever more. And as we greet one another, every sister and every brother. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this homeick before once more. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. Uh number 465 [Music] please. The love of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is pure, making wise the simple. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. The statues of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart. The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. [Music] The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous allto together. And in keeping them there is great reward. There is great reward. And in keeping of [Music] them there is great [Music] reward. Amen. Let's go to the key of C number [Music] 415. Play a little more confidently. [Music] Noah had drifted on the flood. Many days he searched for land. in various ways. Troules he had some but not from [Laughter] above. God gave him his son on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love aside from above. On the wings of a dove, Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of hay. Though he [Music] rejected but not from [Laughter] above. God gave us his son. On the wings of a [Music] dove. On the wings of a snow. white dove. God sends his pure sweet love aside from above. on the wings of a dove. Though I have suffer in many a way. I cried for healing both night and day. [Music] Faith wasn't forgotten. By the father above, he gave me his [Music] son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above. On the wings of a dove. Sing that again. Oh, on the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from [Music] above on the wings of a dove. [Music] Let's go to the key of D as we prepare for prayer number [Music] 235. Thank you Jesus for the things that you have done for us. Though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus for the things that you have done for us. [Music] Though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you Lord. One more time. I thank you, Jesus, for the things that you have done for us. Though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you, Lord. Amen. We'll go to prayer. Uh let's remember brother uh brother David, sister Diane, sister Ruth as they travel and as well as brother Gideon. And um I haven't seen a report on baby Charlie, so we'll remember him in prayer as [Music] well. Amen. I don't have anything else, so let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we come before you this evening, Lord, to give you praise, express our gratitude and thankfulness, Lord, for gathering us here together in one spirit. Lord, we just love you and thank you for all your grace and mercy to us, Lord. undeserving, but we still thank you and you're always faithful to be with us and to guide us and keep us, Lord. And we pray for these needs, Lord, for those who are traveling. I pray that you keep them safe, Lord, and just bring them to their destination and accomplish your will for this trip, Lord. I want to remember my brother Gideon. Just ask that you intervene, Lord, to touch him, Lord. Just restore him, Lord God. Just committing him into your hands, Lord. Pray that you have your way. We also pray for baby Charlie, Lord, as we have already been praying, Lord. And we believe that the answer is on the way, Lord. And just pray that the parents have faith and and hope that you're their deliverer, Lord, and you're the healer. And we just come before you bringing these needs, Lord. You see our hearts. You see our needs and desires. They're all open before you, Lord Jesus. So, we just leave them at your throne. We give you thanks, glory, and honor. I pray that you bless the service and that you be with us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Amen. Listen number 560. Yes. [Music] Sometimes I feel discouraged and think my life in vain. I'm tempted then to murmur and of my Lord complain. But when I think of Jesus and all he's done for me, then I cry, "Oh rock of aes, high thou me. Oh rock of aes hide thou me. No other reuge have I but thee. [Music] When life's dark veil I wonder far far from thee. Then I cried, oh rock of [Music] aes, high thou me. Sometimes it seems I dare not go one step farther on. And from my heart all courage has slipped away and gone. But I remember Jesus and all his love for me. Then I cry, "Oh rock of aes, high thou me. Oh rock of aes hide thou me. No other reuge have I but thee. When life's dark veil I wonder far, far from thee. Then I cry, oh rock of agees, hide thou me. Oh, what a friend is Jesus. Such anor for my soul. So tender, true, and gracious. I'm safe and his control. My help in time of danger. My strong defense is he. Oh thou blessed rock of aes high thou me. Oh rock of aes high thou me. No other reuge have I but thee. When life's dark veil I wonder far far from thee. Then I cry. Rock of aes, high thou me. [Music] Amen. Why don't we stand together as brother David comes and sing? I'd rather have Jesus number 757. Hey, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than hell or land. I'd rather be led by his nail scarred hand than to be a king of a vast domain. [Music] and be held in sin dreads away. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords to today. I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of a vast domain and be held in sin and sway. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords to today. And he's fairer than liies of rare bloom. He's sweeter than honey from out of the cold. He's all that my [Music] hungry spirit needs. I'd rather have Jesus and let him lead than to be the king of a vast domain. and be held in sins dread sway. I'd rather have Jesus. [Music] Hey, thank you. Praise the Lord. I was glad when they said, "Let us go into the house of the Lord." I'm happy to be here this evening and thank brother Paul for the invitation to speak to you. It's always a pleasure and an honor to speak to the bride of Jesus Christ. And you know, sometimes we get in churches and we look around, boy, there's where did everybody go? And and uh you know there's a spot there in Zechariah where it says uh who hath despised the day of small things. That's right. So we know that God watches out for the small things. And uh the other thing about it is I remember one time I was in college and I don't remember biology what class I was out there in the fields for and I was sitting by a highway and these big trucks are roaring past. couple of big trucks go by and other than that it was kind of out in the country so there wasn't many people looking and I happened to look down and there was a crack in the highway and I thought wow and I looked but there was color in the crack and there were some little tiny tiny flowers growing down in that crack and here you had those big trucks that would have smashed him in an instant just inches away from the top of them little those little tiny flowers and I thought what a god God that we that we serve that he would make little tiny flowers to grow in the crack of a highway. And I just so if you another scripture he said there's if there's two or three of you here praise the Lord and said that he's here and that's what we come for any that's what I come for anyway. And then the other thing when we think about it in Hebrews the I think it's the 13th chapter or 12th chapter I forgot which he said that you know that we're encompassed about by a great cloud of witnesses and sometimes I have to remind myself and I look around and that other realm is you know we're getting closer and closer and closer. It's coming down and we're actually moving up and there could this place could be thousands in here tonight in a great coliseum that we can't see. But you know what? They have to hear the same end time gospel that we hear because the gospel they had in their age is enough to bring a resurrection. But in uh I remember I forgot which tape it was but he he said that you know the first shall be last the last shall be first and how he said that what that is is the people that are here in the last age are the ones that will receive as it were that double anointing or we would call it a bride anointing which is enough for us to walk in without dying actually. But he said when when that anointing strikes us that we will turn around and call for the previous age. He said because we know who they are. Yeah. You know the brother sergeants, the brother all the different people that you know Paul's parents, we could just go on and on. And then they will as they receive the anointing, then they will turn and call for the next age and the next age and the next age until the last or the first will be the last ones to come forth and the last will be the first. So never I try to never limit God in knowing these things. It encourages me and like I said, it's a privilege to be here tonight. So, let's just bow our heads. Thank you, sister. That's so beautiful. God bless you. Uh, heavenly father, we as we get ready to approach your word, I'm I'm asking you, Lord, show us, lead us, guide us, direct us because, Father, there's so much water under the bridge and so much time has passed since we were here last. God, what a privilege to be here again tonight. So I give you this service and above all things Lord I give you myself. Lord get me out of the way that you can speak hearttoheart from your heart to the heart of your people through this vessel that they might receive something from you that when they walk away from this place tonight if we would walk away Lord Jesus that they be closer to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. I was telling you know the brother that wow I've got about three different things and sometimes I look at it like a smorgus board. You pray what for what you need. You know you go to one of those big places and they got all this food. Well, you know I go for the meat and the dessert or sometimes I just go for the salads. So you pray and we'll see what the Lord will do. I was trying to make sure that I, you know, I like to not repeat, but uh I know that some my wife in particular has said that, you know, she likes it about the fourth time because then I've got all the stuff that doesn't need to be there out. So, so but since we were here last while, we did 12 services in 14 days in Nicaragua. I was in uh down to brother Stans in Florida. We've been to Canada. We've been to brother Riches. We spoke last weekend in Fresno. And uh so if my head's a little fuzzy, you you please forgive me and pray for me. Let's turn to uh and I know you're familiar with this story. It's John the 11th chapter. And it's not just a story. It's actually factual. And uh and this is where Lazarus has uh was sick and they sent to have Jesus come. And when uh he doesn't come and he doesn't come and he doesn't come and then finally he turns to the disciples and says, "Lazarus sleeps. let's go wake him. And so as that transpires, the disciples, they don't really understand. They go, "Oh, if he sleeps, then he's going to be okay." But Jesus has to just tell him, "Look, he's dead." Okay? And you know, that'll be like modern terms. That's guys, he's he's gone. He's dead. And so he uh goes down to where the place is, and we'll pick it up, and I'll read a chunk of that story or the what it says about it. And as he's coming down, he comes to Martha and uh says, well, start I guess it's about I'm having a little hard time. I walked off without my glasses. Verse 16. So it's chapter 11 verse 16 or maybe it's 18. Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem about 15 furlongs off. And many of the of the Has anybody got any readers? Thank you. Boy, I'm working out of a new Bible. And this little tiny letters. Thank you. Oh, wow. Look at that. I can see the the letters again. I'm sorry. And many of the Jews came to Martha and to Mary to comfort them concerning their brother. Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him. But Mary sat still in the house. Then said Martha unto Jesus,"Lord, if thou had been here, my brother had not died. But I know that even now whatsoever thou wil ask of God, God will give it to thee." Jesus saith unto her, "Thy brother shall rise again." Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day. Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever that liveth and believeth in me shall never die believest thou this? She said unto him, Yay, Lord, I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God, that should come into the world. And when she had thus said, she went her way and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master has come and calls for thee. And as soon as she heard that, she arose quickly and came unto him. Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in the place where Martha met him. And the Jews therefore that were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up, hastily, went out, and followed her, saying, She goes unto the grave to weep there. Now then, when Mary was come where Jesus was, she saw him, and she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, "Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died." What did we just see? She's given the exact same testimony that her sister gave. Bible says if any two can agree on any one thing they can have what they ask for. So we continue just a couple more verses. Uh thy brother had not had died. Then when Jesus therefore saw her weeping and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in his spirit and was troubled. And he said, "Where have you laid him?" They said unto him, "Lord, come and see." Gracious heavenly father, we've read your word, a long portion, Lord, but you're able to break it out and take the little nuggets as we call it out, Lord, to speak to hearts in Jesus name. Amen. Please be seated. As we look at this portion of scripture, it gives us kind of a a vivid picture of what was going on at this particular time. We know that Jesus had waited and waited and waited knowing that God was going to manifest himself in a special way. He waited until Lazarus had passed away. And then when he goes to that uh down there to see him, the first thing that he comes to, of course, was Martha. And here was Martha, a real believer in that Jesus was the Messiah. And and she makes that statement, bold statement, if my you know, if you had been here, my brother had not have died. And so she's showing that she had faith in that whatever. And then she says after that, whatever the you know, I know that God hears your prayers and whatever he tells you or whatever you ask for, God can give it to you. So she's extending that faith not only to the fact that if you would have been here she's saying you know it's still possible and so she as she is looking at that uh and she then she begins you know Jesus the watch carefully the how the the scripture lays this out because the next thing that Jesus said is thy brother shall rise again. Now what is that that he's telling? He said thy brother shall rise again. And as he says thy thy brother shall rise again. He is actually giving a prophesy or prophesying of an event that is about to transpire. He is speaking or prophesying that that Lazarus is going to come forth. Now, the common uh as it were doctrine of the day, she'd been around the Pharisees. She believed in a resurrection. And as she believes in the resurrection and such, you know, she said, "Yay, Lord, I know that he's going to come forth again at the resurrection at the last day." Good doctrine, right? Beautiful doctrine. You know, it's and that portion of scripture, that doctrine about the resurrection at the end at the at the last day is still waiting in front of us, right? As it were, you know, cons considering as the bride of Jesus Christ will be taken out of the way before that great judgment day appears. And so, it's good doctrine all the way down. But watch what Jesus said after that because at that point he said she's given him good doctrine but the word always corrects the error right because there's something special about to take place and the word correcting the error said I am the resurrection. this thing that we call resurrection isn't uh some event that we're waiting for and then we're going to oh wow look at this. No, the I am is the resurrection. I am the resurrection. God himself is our resurrection. It's a person, the person of the I am God under the name of Jesus Christ because he's the one spake speaking it as the son of God. But the God of the resurrection is the I am God who's living. We would call it the father living in the son. And he's telling them this is the correction to what you're looking for in a resurrection. I am is the resurrection. No, I am. Forget it, man. You're not going anyway. You know, you see these bumper stickers. I haven't seen one for a while, but used to say, you know, in case of rapture, this car is going to crash or whatever. Well, I can't say one way or the other. I can't judge that. But you know what? If they don't have the I am living on the inside, they're not going to be there. It's just that simple. They'll make it to the other resurrection that that Martha was talking about, but they're not going to make it to that first one. Because then he continues. He said, "Though he were dead, yet shall he live." He just gives that description. Those who died in the Christ of their day, they will live again because of the I am that they represented in each ensuing age behind as it were. And he said but but he that is alive and remain you I am the resurrection and the life and the the word life there is actually Zoey which means God's life or it actually is life life. There is no mention of death whatsoever in that word. So he said I am the resurrection and I am life. That is eternal life, God's life. And he said, "And and he that's alive shall receive that portion." And the only qualification that he gives, and I I think he says it twice there, is do you believe this? And whosoever believeth or liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Do you believe it? Believest thou this? Yeah. And so and she said yay Lord I believe that thou art the Christ the son of God which should come into the world. So twice there he said the believe believe. He is saying that the the qualification is you must believe that he is the I am and that the I am is the person of the resurrection and the person of what we would call the rapture or the the ability to step from this life into another life without death. And so it's a person. It's not something we're waiting for. It's something that we get on the inside of us. It's something that we what how did he bring as we continue with this? What was the first thing he said to do about it? He prophesies, "Thy brother shall rise again." And she said, "Yeah." And then he says, "Uh, you well, you know, that's good doctrine, but I am is the resurrection and the life." And he has just prophesied how that resurrection and life is going to come on the scene. It's by words of prophecy. What's words of prophecy? This whole book is a prophecy about God, about Jesus Christ in God. God revealing himself in Jesus Christ. And so as he continued on there, she goes her way and she calls Mary. And when she calls Mary, her sister secretly, uh, she said, "Hey, the master's come and he calls for you." And as soon as she heard that, she rises quickly or rose quickly and comes to him. And they weren't uh says Jesus was not yet come into the town, but they were in that place where Martha had met him. So they're outside the town, outside the camp. Where have we heard that before? And you go back into the Levitical laws, the Exodus, all those things. And where was the resurrection? Where were those things? Where were the as it were, the ashes to the lamb? Where was the the the sacrifice made? Outside the camp. So here he is outside the camp and he's meeting with his believers outside of the religious system because all the Jews and stuff are there outside of the religious system, outside of the the political systems, outside of everything. He was not yet come to the town, but was in this place where Martha met him. And the Jews then which were with her in the house comforted her. And when they saw Mary, she rose up. They went out and they followed her, saying, "She goes to the grave to weep there." And so, watch what happens. The believer goes out. Mary goes out. She meets Jesus, but she doesn't go out by herself. There is a group of people crying and weeping. And you know, they used to even hire people to weep at at funerals. And here you have these Jews and they're oh, you know, and are all distraught and all upset about it. And here they are following her out there and uh and they're saying, "Oh, she's going to the g the grave to weep there for her brother." and and when she comes to him, she falls at his feet and she says,"Lord, if you had been here, my brother had not have died." And there's that testimony again in total one- on-one agreement almost. I believe it's word for word there with what her sister had said. If any two agree on any one thing, you can have what you ask for. So, here they are agreeing on this. their faith has come together. They both believe that had Jesus been there, he had not have died. And Mary, I mean Martha took it the next step to say, "Nevertheless, whatever you ask, God will do." And so as she says this and they go there, uh it says when Jesus therefore saw her weeping and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit and was troubled. I want to labor on this just for a few minutes because there's those are special words when you look at the how they come out of the Greek. They have special definitions just as we have, you know, words with multiple definitions. When it says that he groaned, it means that he sized like we would go or shag grin or it also means to straightly charge or to murmur like what do these guys want? It's kind of a so it's it's like this, but it even goes a little bit further in it. It has the second word in the definition which takes it on a little more power perhaps is indignation which means he was actually kind of angry about it. He was upset. It was bothering him that these people came out. But behind those particular words is where it begins to get interesting because as you go through it in the Greek it comes forth as you know this word is this but it actually came from this which came from this and it starts breaking it down and you know in English-speaking countries we usually tend to start it at what from the left and we go to the right and we tend to make it bigger as it goes but both the Hebrew and a lot of times in the Greek they start with the big part first and then they get smaller and smaller and smaller to get it down to what the actual root of the meaning is. Do you understand? And so it actually as you begin to break it down, it says that this word groaned, it's he's standing between in a fixed position between time, place, and a relation of rest. And it can mean in, it can mean up and it can can be it's a place between and it has that part breaks down into two words. So he's standing between time and a place and then the other part is purpose. So he is groaning or he's kind of upset about this because he has a purpose to be there and he's looking at what these people are doing and crying and weeping and he's already announced I am the the resurrection and the life. He's already prophesied thy brother shall rise again. And so here he is troubled at this. He's indignant about it. And the last part of that definition was it it's uh the purpose to go to the origin point. I want that to sink in the origin point. He is taking it back to in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word you know is God. And so he is standing there with the purpose to take us to the origin of why he's even there. important because the next word says that he was troubled and that means stirred up agitated and I thought this part was ining interesting because it says to to royal like water and that's ro o i l which means it's like and and the description it gave as in when water is just starting to boil. So, what's going on in the heart of Jesus? He is there. He's just had this wonderful testimony from his two believers. And here's all these Jews and they're weeping. And he's groaning. He's a little bit upset about what's happening with all these other people. They're not believers like Marth Martha and and Mary. And he's troubled in his spirit because he's there with a purpose. And that purpose is to go back to the origin of where the earth the the word came from in the first place. He is taking us back to the I am God who is the resurrection and the life. He's actually troubled because he is expecting the I am God to be on the scene. And he is there with that purpose and it's troubling him at what he's witnessing in front of him. And so as he looks at this, he groans in his spirit and and it says that he was troubled. So he's he's like water that's about to boil. He's, you know, this inside of him, this spirit is is starting to build up to where he's going to just boil over and maybe thinking he ought to rebuke him or something. I I don't know what's going through his head, but he's boiling over. He's upset. He's right to the place to where he wants to boil. Wow. And he's standing there at the origin point with a purpose. And he's about to boil or to come forth like water that is being released from its water and going into the heavenlies. The boiling point. H interesting when you really look at some of these things, I think. And so uh then because the water is turning back into water vapor or air, air laden with water. And so as we look at this, he's troubled and then he speaks these words. And this is really if we were to put a title on this tonight. And he said, "Where have you laid him?" What words do you think he didn't know? Right. Right. Honestly, he had already told him, "Well, he's dead and he's told them all this thing and he's made his prophecy and he's declared the witness to the word or the correction as it were of the error." And so he's turning and he's about to boil inside of him and he turns to them. Where have you laid him? He's asking them, "Where have you laid him?" Oh my. Oh my. He's not asking for himself. He is posing that question to them. Where have you laid him? Well, and so and they said unto him, "Lord, come and see." And so they're telling him, "Well, well, we we'll show you, you know, just just come along with us and we'll show you." And then, of course, it says that Jesus wept and and how, you know, if we were to read on down and they're saying, "Well, man, this is the guy that opened the blinds uh blinded eyes and all that. Couldn't he done something for his friend?" And and so these are the things these are the things that that's going on in the conversation behind him. And and as he looks at it, but that question keeps recurring at least to me in my heart and mind this question is where have you laid him? Well, who's him that he's talking about? Who is him? Well, it's Lazarus, right? Yeah, it's actually Lazarus. Where have you laid Lazarus? Do you And as we begin to look at when he says where have you laid, that means to where have you stretched him out pro prostate? Is that how you say it? Prostrate. Those two words confuse me from time to time. I'm sorry. But they're saying that they they've got him stretched out on a stone somewhere is what it boils down to. And so here he is stretched out because he been he's been laid down. He has been took he's been all wrapped up in these in these gravecloths and stuff. And if they've got him laid out flat on a rock someplace and as he's laying there in that position, but we go right back to who is it? Well, it's Lazarus. Where have you laid Lazarus? Where have you put Lazarus? like a dead man. Where is Lazarus that's all wrapped up in death clothes? Right? I want to know where this guy Lazarus is. Is he's my friend and I want to go see him. But and so he's saying, "Where have you laid Lazarus?" Well, we look at the name the name Lazarus. What is he actually speaking to that crowd of people that he's about to boil over at the boiling point or at the point of origin because he's there for a purpose and he says where have you got Lazarus outstretched and wrapped up like a dead man and Lazarus means the stren like strength the strong one the ram the chief or the highest the the posts of the door. That's the part that holds up this all the the stuff above it. And this is I'm just telling you what Lazarus means. And it's the post of the door, the oak tree. That's part of the name of Lazarus. The oak tree. Huh. The lentil. Or that's the, you know, the part at the top of the door. And the lintil, the strong body, the twist and strength, the powerful one, the mighty strength. This is Lazarus. He is asking them, "Where have you laid the strength of the Almighty?" Like it's dead. Where have you put it? Where have you put the strong and mighty one of God? Where have you put the ram? Michael, Michael, the the archangel, where have you put the one that holds up the ceiling and the roof and all that? Where have you put the lentil to the door? The door? Who's the door? H right. Yeah. Jesus said, "I am the door." Where have you put the strength? Where have you put the strong body, the powerful one, the chief or the highest? Where have you put him so that it looks like he's dead and wrapped up and finished? And there's one more. We mentioned it. The oak tree. What does that have to do with these other things? The oak tree, you know, I've been had the privilege, the honor to be in Israel, I think three or four times, three times anyway. And how that we had u brother Ruven, God bless him, a Jewish Christian man. I believe he was born in Israel. He was the guide for us with when with brother George Smith when we went and I would call him one I known a lot but a couple times when I had certain Bible questions because he was like a Bible encyclopedia and I asked him one time was because I was uh doing a little study on the plains of memory and I mentioned and he said well I can't go there now because it's Palestinian territory but I'll tell you this much David I've been there when I was younger And he said, "The oak tree is still there." 4,000 years and the oak tree is still there. So what's it talking about? Because Jesus is saying, "Where is the oak tree experience? Where have you put it so it's dead? Why have you bound it up and laid it on a slab of rock? What is it? Well, it was remember Melzdc. That was the place where Melzdc met with Abraham. And he's asking him where is your personal MelzDC experience? Think about it. It's all in that name. Just all just laying there in that name. And he's saying, "You have the mighty strength of Israel, the experience of Melzdc with Abraham, of whom you're supposed to be the seed of Abraham, and you've got it wrapped up in death clothes. Where have we laid him? Where is Lazarus? Where is that experience that could turn and say, "Where's your wife Sarah?" He said, "Well, she's in the tent behind me." And he said, "Why did she laugh?" She didn't even laugh outside out loud. Bible said she laughed within herself. And if you want to really get into some grace tonight and you go further into those same scriptures and eventually it comes back to Sarah and she said when she has the child she said God made me [Music] laugh was all part of the plan and we think we know I think I know something about all this stuff. No, God made her laugh so that he could display who he was as Melzdc and the oak tree experience. And Jesus is asking him where have you put that experience and why does he look dead and wrapped up in grave clothes? Where have we laid him? And so we look at that and we know that what happens after that he comes down and they make the statement you know couldn't he have opened the he opened the eyes of the blind couldn't he done this so his brother you know Lazarus didn't die and uh when he comes to the grave I mean down in verse 3839 he comes to the cave and the stone was lay upon it and Jesus said take away the stone stone. He is telling them that behind the stone is where Lazarus is. He says, you know, take away the stone. Why is he saying this to them when he's asked that question? Where have you laid the mighty strength of God? And whose uh responsibility is it to move the stone? Well, we know what stones represent because it was Peter on that day in when and Jesus asked him, "Whom do you say that I am?" And and Peter comes back, you know, he's pointing the finger to everybody else. Well, you might be doctrine number 377 or you might be a certain minister or a certain church or a certain country. I mean, they got all kinds of stuff in what we call the message of the hour. And so Peter is saying, "Well, it could be this, could be that." You know, maybe and and and Jesus asks that question, and I love to ask it. Who do you say that he is? Who do you say that he is? And where have you laid him? And so he says it's their responsibility to roll the stone away to take the revelation because Jesus said flesh and blood didn't reveal this but my father which is in heaven revealed this uh unto you and on this uh on this is what I'll build my church on the revelation and he's saying, "Roll the revelation so that you can see the glory of Israel and see that it's been laid down as though it's dead." That the experience that Abraham had will be before you if you take and move the stone." And so they do it. And and of course, you know, Martha, Lord, he stinks. He's been dead for four days. Like, do you really want us to do this? Yeah, I do. And he said, "Set I not unto thee that if thou would believe, you would see the glory of God." What's he do? He goes right back to the only requirement for this whole process. Did I already tell you if you believe it, you'll see it? Friends, if you want to see the glory of God, believe it. Yes. If you want to see that dead man come forth, roll back your stone, look at the stone, take the darkness off of the glory of Israel and open the tomb. And so, uh, you would see the glory of God. And they took away the stone where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes and said, "Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me and knew that thou hearest me always, but because of the people which stand by. I said it that they may believe that thou hast sent me." So he's saying this prayer not because he needs to pray but so they'll hear that he has communion or communications with the father with the I am that has brought him there for the purpose to bring forth the glory of Israel to restore the oak tree experience to restore the power that holds up the household. And when he had thus spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth. Oh, thou glory of Israel. The power of God, the strength, the the the lentil, the every all of those things. He's saying it, bring that forth. Lazarus, come forth. Let the glory of Israel be manifested again to this people. And he that was dead came forth bound hand and foot with grave clothes, and his face was bound about with a napkin. And Jesus saith unto them, he then never touches the guy, right? He tells them, he tells us, you loose him, right? You roll back that. You get that revelation in place to where you can see the glory of Israel and then you loose it to the world. Said, "Loose him. Let him go." And they go and they take away the death from the glory of Israel, from the power, the strong and mighty, the strength, the strong body, from the oak tree experience. They remove the death so that that glory can come forth and live again before them. Loose him, friends, and let him go. Amen. Loose him. Let him go. Move your revelation so you can see into the tomb so you can see that which was dead and let it come forth and live again. And he said, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible." and he that was dead and okay, he said, "Loose him and let him go." Then many of the Jews which came to Mary and had seen the things which Jesus did, they believed on him. When they saw the glory of Israel come forth, they were witnessing the glory of Israel in Jesus Christ manifesting that oak tree, manifesting the power, manifesting the strength, the ram, the chief, the highest authority. They witnessed it not just because Lazarus came forth, but because the power of God had brought him forth. That goes all the way back to a prophecy. Thy brother shall rise again. Do you love him tonight? I love him. Let's just sing that as a sister comes. Where have you laid him? Loose him and let him free. Praise the Lord. Do you know that consume me? I know you do. I've heard you play it before. Loose him and let him free. Let him go free. Let the glory of Israel come forth. Gracious heavenly father, I love you tonight. Perhaps simple message to some and yet to me it's powerful Lord because you question us Lord as we stand like those Jews and those other people have to look at the purpose of God and the purpose of being here tonight is to loose the power of God. Let our revelation go and see Lazarus rise in our lives. rise in this church. Rise in the hearts of people. Rise that we can tear back the the death that surrounds it and let that revelation of God live in us as we experience our oak tree, our MelzDC in this day, and this age. Father, I love you. I thank you and I praise you above all things. May all that's be said and done tonight, if there's anything I miss, please just blot it from their memories and their minds as I give you this service in the name of Jesus Christ. And we'd ask you to consume the sacrifice as you did in the days of Samson and many other times in the scripture. And we would sing this song for your glory and honor in the name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Consume me Lord by the fire of your Let's just stand. Consume me, Lord, and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord by you. Amen. Thank you. Beautiful. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. [Music] Break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, Lord, by you. Just one more time. Oh, consume me, Lord. You're asking God for you to be on the sacrificial altar. You're asking God to come down and reveal again the glory of God, the chief one, in your life, in my life. Sing it with all your hearts. Consume me, God. Consume [Music] me and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord by you. Just once more softly consume me Lord by the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. [Music] Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord by you. Gracious heavenly father, you've heard their [Music] hearts. Consume the sacrifice, Lord, and let Lazarus come forth in every heart and life to show the resurrection power to show the power of God again living in this entity we call the bride of Jesus Christ. I love you. I do love you. I thank you for this service. I I really enjoyed it myself. I I got to be honest. Some people call it a burden. Oh Lord, you're never a burden. You're never a burden to me. I thank you and I praise you. So God, we give you this service for the honor and glory of God. As we came in the name of Jesus Christ, so we go in the name of Jesus Christ. And as the the brother comes to close, as it was, give the glory to Jesus. And we will, this might be too high for me. Can you drop that down a couple? We'll give the glory to Jesus. That might be too low. Tell of his love. His wonderful love will give the glory to Jes. Okay. Will give Somebody help me out here to Jesus and tell of his love. And God bless you and thank you. He'll give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonder all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love will give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful [Music] love. Amen. Let's sing that song. Um number 359, please. Just a short verse. [Music] through this. Uh, I only have the chorus. I'll just sing that. He's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Oh, he's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. [Music] Amen. As we get ready to dismiss number 223. So thought of the song and be a good one to dismiss on. At night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. [Music] And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, I can't explain with tongue or pen the spirits groaning deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the poor. Oh, I feel the poor. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to [Music] me and I Lord please come and take control. I feel the [Music] poor. I went to hear the word and with each line and [Music] phrase he was drawing me to give a higher praise. There's a deep call to the deep. Like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure I'll reach the goal. Cuz I feel the poor. I feel the poor. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's wounding me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. I feel the pull. And I feel the B. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I Lord please come and take control. I feel the [Music] poor. Amen. That song you're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
