################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - April 27, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Beyond The Flesh - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    April 27, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Beyond The Flesh"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3yv86oGKbQ
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I think April's back on the continent. She's not only on the continent, she sits here. God bless you. Amen. Amen. There's the manifestation of his word right there. God answers prayer. Oh, I don't even I don't have the mic, so I have to use this one, Brother Ivan. Okay. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let's sing the song she's playing. I love you, Lord. Well, I love you, Lord. and I lift my voice to worship. Amen. Do you believe that he's here? Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. One more time if you want to raise your hands to it. I love you Lord. This is to you Lord and I lift my [Music] voice to worship you. Oh my soul rejoice. Hallelujah. Take joy my king in what you hear. Amen. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. May the Lord grant that to us. Amen. Amen. Let's number 427, brother or sister. I thought brother Ivan there 427. Have thine own way. How many is willing to let him have his way with you this morning? You've come burdened down. You've come with thoughts and cares. Let go of them. You're in the presence of the king. Amen. How many believe that this morning? You're in the presence of the king. Then let's let him have his own way. Can you surrender to him that way? Yeah. Amen. Have thine own way, Lord. Have thine own way. Oh, thou art the potter. Here it is. I am the clay. Glorify yourself through the clay, Lord. And mold me and make me. Oh, after thy will. While I am waiting, yielded and still one more time. All your heart have thine, Lord. We only have one way. That's your way. Amen. Have thine own way. Thou art the potter. Yes, Lord, I am the clay. Oh Lord, mold me and make after your will, Lord. After thy will. While I am [Music] waiting, I'm yielded and still. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Number 876, unseen hand. Though you can't see it with these eyes, but you're being led. You real believers, every moment you're being led. Amen. There is an arm in hand to me that leads in ways I cannot see. while going through this world of woes. This hand still leads me as I go. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through. Yes, Lord. That's right. this weary land a perfect leadership and some I'll reach that strength still guided by the unseen hand this hand has led through [Music] shadows. And while it leads, oh, I have no fear. I know will lead me to that home. Hallelujah. where sin or sorrow or air can come. Oh yes, I'm trusting in the unseen hand that guides me through this wey land. And some sweet day I'll reach that strength. Still guided by the unseen hand. I long to see my Savior's face. Hallelujah. Are you longing for that? And sing the stor say by your grace. And there upon that golden strength I'll praise him for his guiding hand. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through. Hallelujah. this weery land and some sweet day I'll reach that truth strand still guided by the unseen hand. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. What a perfect guide. Yes. Praise be to God. Winds of faith. It's a walk of faith, brother, sister. Faith takes us resting place in the word of God. Amen. Amen. So be it unto me according to thy word, Lord. There are two roads. You may take one by sight, think of it, and one by faith. Take the word of God. Or what you see, what you believe. That's it. is what will be. So set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Hallelujah. Do not struggle for it's by grace set your ways to the winds of faith. What's your need? Praise it to him this morning. What's your cry? Oh, what's your mountain? Hallelujah. Much too high. Oh, speak. There you are. The word of God. And by and by it will move or you will fly. So set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by [Music] grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Just watch the eagle in the sky. Oh, he does not struggle. Amen. He done at thy word, Lord. Amen. For the power that makes him rise is already. Hallelujah. That's the atmosphere you live in. So set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, you can. You can. Amen. In a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace and your wings to the winds of [Music] faith. Hallelujah. Amen. What is the positive? What is the never failing? The word of God. Set your wings to that. Amen. Believe what he said. Amen. Don't add to it. Don't take away. That's right. Amen. It's easy to preach this morning, but I'm not the preacher. Amen. Amen. Ri River of Life number 38. Is there a river of life? Amen. There's only one river of life. This is right. Amen. There's a river of life flowing. Notice out of who makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison door sets the captive free. There's a river of life flowing out of me. Ring up a well within my soul. Ring up a well and make me whole. Ring up a well and give to me that life abundantly. Well, there's a river of light flowing out from that's it makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Open prison door sets the captive free. This morning there's a river of life flowing out of me. Spring up a well. Hallelujah. within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up wealth and give to me that life abundantly. And when Elizabeth received the salutation of Mary, what happened? A very blessed life came into that babe. Amen. Amen. Do you know that life is in you bride? You know it. If you're born of the spirit, that life is a well of water. It's a river of life. Praise the Lord. It's both a well, an abundant well and a river. Amen. The same thing. The Holy Ghost in you. Praise be to God. You have the life behind the name. Amen. That's not what I'm singing next, but that would be good. Let's all stand together. I'd like to take these prayer requests. You have the life. You believe what you ask. You receive it. Yes. Amen. Life is being projected. Love is being projected. Can it ever fail? No. No. Can't fail. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's remember our brother Isaac going through quite a stress in his body. Doctors want to call it diverticulitis. We call it the devil. That's right. That's what it is. Now, God has a purpose in bringing our brother through this. Yeah. But deliverance is his. Do you believe we can speak life? Yes. To this need. Yes. Hallelujah. Also, sister Susan has still some swelling through by a surgery at oral surgeon. oral surgery. Sister Jerry's not doing well in her body this morning. Sister Aaliyah also Emanuel Gospel there in South Africa is trying to find a new pastor's many needs. So let's remember those needs in prayer. God won't forget his own. That's right. Sister April, we're going to still pray for you. Amen. Brother Day, Sister Vicki had a nice text from Sister D. And by the way, greetings to those online. We trust that you're you're having a jubilee in your soul. We're about ready to receive the word. Amen. That's our absolute. Yes, sir. That's our ultimate. We just remember I could mention those online. We know. Let's remember brother Wayne and family as we said. Brother Day, Sister Vicki, the the brethren up in North Idaho, Sandp Point, Brother Alex, Sister Rachel that have traveled to North Idaho. Sister Cindy Martin, that's my cousin. Some of you have met her. Marvin's wife is possibly going to have to have open heart surgery. The doctor says she's going to have to need that. She has three blockages. We just hear again, let's send life. Yes. Amen. I believe God answers prayer. He said he would. Is that right? That's promised. Then according to his word, so be it unto me according to thy word, Lord. Yes, sir. Amen. Sister Jennifer White also for a speedy recovery from gallbladder surgery. We understand the surgery went very well. Is there any unspoken needs? Amen. Amen. God bless you. Brother Trevor, come and lead us. [Music] And who is this that needs open heart surgery? Sister Cindy Martin. Cindy Mar. Yeah. Arizona. Do we have any uh update on Sister Rebecca that was in WhatsApp? There was a picture of her. [Music] Okay. Let's take these needs to the Lord. our precious savior, our precious head. Yes. Amen. Our husband, our life, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, how grateful we are to be your hands and your feet this morning, Lord Jesus. Even your mouth, Lord, and your ears, Lord. We need every part, Father, in functioning, Lord, that which you have desired, Father. And we just pray that each portion of the body yield to you, Lord, and and absorb in, Father, and express out what is yours to express, Lord Jesus. Let us put our own will aside, Father. We're so grateful this morning to be able to assemble together, Lord, your precious body, Father. No doubt bodies are assembling together throughout the land, Father. And we just pray, Father, be here when our little tabernacle, for we know your tabernacle is not one made with hands, Father, but we are the habitation of Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus, there are many needs, many unwell this morning, Father, uh, Brother Isaac and our sister Jerry and sister Joe Lynn, sister Susan, Lord, needing a touch from you. Each one, Father, and you know their need, Lord. Um, Lord Jesus, and this uh, sister Cindy Martin, Lord, who needs surgery, Father, we lift her up to you, Lord, and just ask that you guide the surgeon's hands if that so be what what what she requires, Lord. We just pray that you would have your way. We pray for life for her, Lord. For this Rebecca who was placed on on on WhatsApp, Lord, you know that need. I I'm not even certain of it, Lord. But we lift her up to you, Father. And whatever that need is, it sounds like she may have been kidnapped or something of that nature, Lord, but you know, I commit, Lord, the Holy Spirit to go after her, to find her, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. We were just desiring the best possible outcome. Lord, Sister April, as she travels, Father, and whatever you have called her to do, Lord, we just pray that you be present with her, Father. And may she be a a glowing light to any who would see her, Lord. And just may all of us as a body be your light, Lord, and just be a draw. This is a dark world, Lord. A little lightth abundantly, Lord. Many unspoken requests, Lord. Everyone on their heart has something, Lord, somebody. We lift up uh Sister Sarah and her father, Lord Jesus, this morning. And just pray you be with that situation, Father. Lord, we ask, Father, for his health and yet we commit your perfect will, all the traveling, Lord. Just we just commit all of these needs to you. We pray for the tithes and offerings, the cheerful giver. Lord, that you'd bless them and use them for your glory, Lord Jesus. Use our brother Paul, Lord, to speak to each heart here, Father. And may you anoint every ear to hear and every heart to receive, Lord. And let it change us, Father, to create a new and a higher calling to each one of us here, Lord. We love you, Lord. We now commit this service to you. It's in your precious hands. Father in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. Are we getting ready to leave? How many's getting ready to leave? Amen. Number 36. Earth. I'm sorry. 386. Excuse me. 386. [Music] Some folks building. Okay, start again. Some folks are building folks down here. And so with their fortunes, they forgot what Jesus said about the wars and earthquakes and the fig tree budding leaves. But there's a group of people getting ready to leave, getting ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in the bank up in the sky. Happy preparation, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? [Applause] Sinner, what's the reason for your needless delay? While you're hesitating, Christ could come just any day. He the spirit's calling. Make your way to Calvary and get in that number. Getting ready to leave. Oh, ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in the bank up in the sky. Not a reason, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in the bank up in the sky. Happy preparation, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number? Getting ready to leave. Are you in that number? Amen. You have to be in that number. Yes, sir. Amen. You have to be born again. Amen. or you're not going to leave. Pretty simple. Amen. Amen. He's made a preparation. Amen. Do you believe that? Yes. He's already provided. Do you know he's already provided? You said, "What do I have to do?" Get it? Accept it. Provision. Amen. Numbers 870. Excuse me. I don't have the number on that. He's already provided. Amen. Okay. You believe that? Yes, sir. Really? Yes. Is that why you're here this morning? Yes. We shouldn't live below our knee, our our what I want to say. I don't know what I want to say. I'll think of it. He's already provided. That's the That's the thing. He's already provided. He's already provided everything. Think of it. He's already provided. Every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need. He's already provided. One more time. He's already provided. He's already [Music] provided everything you need. He's already even the rapture. Every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. in you everything you need. He's already provided. Praise the Lord. Amen. Number [Music] 872. Do you stand in awe of the presence? What manner of people ought we to be when we have everything provided? Amen. We have a perfect word. Let's lay down our resistance. Let's give over. Let's surrender all to the word. Amen. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the age lie. For whom the raging of the sea subides, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every How many's experienced that? to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My trust, oh my trust is in the Lord, the word from this time on and ever more. Oh, my trust is in the Lord forever more. Now my strength, all my strength is in the Lord from this. That's right, Lord. right now in this heart. Hallelujah. Oh, my strength is in the Lord forever more. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord. As our brother comes now to bring the word, I want to sing this song. Fill my cup. Are you willing to have your cup filled? Exactly. Amen. We just turn it up. Say, Lord, here it is. That's all we ought to do. Here am I. Here it is. Fill this cup. Lord, reveal your word to me. Show me your will. I will go. I will do. I will speak. Amen. Amen. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Just drink. That's all we have to do. Bread of heaven, feed me till I walk. No more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me. Now, let's sing the chorus once again. Brother Paul comes. Fill my cup, Lord. Lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven till I won't no more. Here's my cup. fill it up and make me [Music] whole. God bless you saints. It's just good to be back with you. Amen. I just um take just a moment just to share a few things. Um we uh we had a lovely time in South Africa. it. Um we won't go into some of the details as it were, but um you know they they just a lovely group of people and and um you know to have such uh uh strong leadership for so long and now to be without a pastor, they're just they're going through the struggle. But we know as believers that um the Lord said he would perfect us and we'll go back to the fire just as many times as is necessary for us to be perfected and and we don't like that as as humans. We just want it to be kind of easy. We want it to to just be uh simple. uh but uh God is definitely moving on their behalf and and uh they are they are there laboring still faithful still serving God uh I won't probably name out just individual specific things uh but in general uh we'll see little things a little girl not sure that the Lord loves her but yet at the word she realizes that that God loves her and that just breaks a spirit that's there. Amen. A sister sharing and a testimony. I believe um that you've kind of already heard a little foretaste of that. She was sitting in the Friday evening service and um she's she's there and and uh suddenly uh everything starts to get blurry and she's like, "Oh my, what is happening? I I can't see. I can't see." She took her glasses off and she could see perfectly. Amen. She put her glasses back on and everything is blurry. She takes them back off. Everything is crystal clear. And uh praise God. Just right there in the preaching of the word, not not something directly focused to her in the sense of to those of you that need healing or you need this. Just in the preaching of the word, the Lord healed her. and we're there at the uh Saturday evening uh fireside service and uh she gives this testimony and it stirred my heart because you see this is how God works. It didn't come down that had to be a certain man at a certain time, a certain place, but it was a certain promise. Amen. And God fulfills those promises. and and brother Dale uh maybe Lord willing sometime we can get brother Dale and Sister Pearly to travel all the way here to visit us. But Brother Dale just being who he is, he's just like, "Sister Tracy, God's healed you. Now read the words." And they had beyond where all the chairs were probably farther than this wall to our farthest back wall away. And the words were a little blurry even for this guy. And he's like, "Sister Tracy, God's healed you. Read those words and sing this song." No glasses. She reads them perfectly. Amen. We serve an awesome God. Amen. And little things, my brother and sister, little things that that we sometimes take for granted. a a dear sister is there and she gets up and she's broke up a little bit. She's like, you know, uh I I just so busy trying to uh earn a living, take care of the family, my children in church, and I totally missed my daughter's enrollment in her new school. And when I went there and uh I said, "Oh, I've missed this." And they said, "Sorry, uh the school school is full. there is no room for your child in this school. You'll have to take your child and put her in this other school. And the sister went home and she's like, "Lord, that other school, you have to understand the dynamics of their nation and what's happening there. There's just been a unfortunate degrading of the whole society there." And and the sister's just like, "Lord, I I don't want my daughter in that other school. uh Lord please come on the scene and the Lord comes on the scene and through um circumstances I won't explain all the details they notify her oh we've decided to accept your daughter so that is incredible but the more incredible part is the Lord laid on her heart and said now I've answered your prayer pray for someone who has a need specifically her phone rings and a sister says, "Oh my, I thought my child was in this school. There's been a mistake and now they say she can't go to school there." And the sister shares her testimony, gets down in earnest prayer and says, "Lord, you did it for me." Amen. You did it for my daughter. You can do it for them. A couple days later, the school calls and says, "There's been a mistake. Your daughter is enrolled in this school." Oh, just little little things like that. my brother and sister that God is proving he hears our prayers and sees our needs even the little ones. Even the simple things. Amen. And we'll see how that God just moving in the midst of that. Uh uh my I I just think I would take too long this morning to just go count by count as it were. but to to see things God's doing and how he's answering prayer and how that I I when I say I saints I'm just followed the leading of the Lord. I preached a very uneaster set of meetings for for the saints there at Emanuel Gospel Center. If they were expecting a service on the resurrection and the cross and crucifixion and all of these things there uh they might have been disappointed. But what I did uh do and I can say without boasting is I did follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit and God come in and just started dealing with the people and now they weren't great significant uh headline type things but we we see just how God moving. Uh even this morning I was just wondering how because there's the time difference. Uh uh as I was done with all of my notes, all of my thoughts and just prepared. I I just uh opened up their deal and was listening to a service this morning. A sister got up and gave a testimony today. And uh uh you got to remember even though you know a name might be named, she says, "Oh, in that wonderful service brother Paul preached." But you see, brother Paul did not preach anything. When you give yourself over, that's right. Amen. You are no longer the ambassador of the United States does not come in his own name. He comes in a representation of his government. We come here as sons and daughters of God as representation of our Lord Jesus Christ. And she made a statement this in the service this morning and says the wonderful service and and she goes on to describe the sisters had some spiritual battles, great spiritual battles and sometimes not always come out of those battles so well, but she was in a service and she says that she was there and she felt a presence around her and and I'm just going to gloss over the details, but but she said then she realized there was something around her and When you're there, just if you think ahead, you think, "Oh, that was the Holy Spirit surrounding her." But she realized there was a cage. Then she realized the cage was lifting. Amen. And the Lord set her free. Amen. That's the God we serve. Amen. Amen. So every one of us, right, the thunders, right, is just God's voice. Not some particular man to stand up and say, "I'm the voice." But the thunders are God's voice and he uses you. He uses me. He uses whoever he deems necessary to do the speaking. Amen. Let our lives speak of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. We saw healings. We saw deliverances. We saw the word come forth. We saw people break from just kind of a general air of of uh um I don't know kind of uh subdued to find a liberty and and uh I thank the Lord for that uh that we were uh counted privileged of the Lord to to be there to be able to speak to the people and to see that. Now, my brother and sister, I will speak this spot straightforward. There are there are believers there in that church that believe it or not actually stream our services. And um I know they'll hear this, but um you know, there's just a little undercurrent of who will be the pastor. And this segment here wants this brother. This segment wants this brother. This segment wants this brother. But what we need to pray for and be faithful saints is to pray the Lord's will be done. We do not want politics to direct the church. Amen. Cuz we can just look at our national government, our federal government, and see what politics does for us. Amen. So, just please be faithful to lift Emanuel Gospel Center up in prayer. Uh and uh just the Lord is faithful. Um and uh there one of the brothers in the church, a dear dear friend of mine, Brother Danny Pullman, uh just uh just on Easter weekend was invited to go down to a little work that has started in a township um about 5 hours outside of Johannesburg. And uh the word has just come to this area and and uh God is working so mightily. They thought there might be 30 35 people. 70 showed up. They baptized seven of those and two more are desiring to be baptized. So God knows the timing. He knows the place. He knows the seasons and everything. And and so God is still working. He's still calling a bride. And uh one beautiful thing about South Africa at this stage of life, stage of time that maybe the cities are more uh religious, spirit oriented, but out in in the uh in the small areas, rural areas, the townships, uh people, poverty, all kinds of issues that go on. Not their fault, you would say, because it's the government that creates some of these issues. Amen. the government. There's so much racism there, but it's the government who says, "We got to stop it while they promote it." Amen. Is that not the devil's way of working? Amen. He says, "Oh, this is not good." While he's over here promoting. And so, we'll look at this and uh realize that God still is moving. Amen. We live, we can use this as an excuse or we can also realize that God's still calling us. We live in a city that has uh according to a text I just received lately, they keep inviting me to their to their uh uh ministerial association meetings here. Uh according to their deal, there's over 120 churches in the city of Nampa. That sounds pretty awesome. I mean, man, the gospel should be changing this city, turning it upside down and shaking it. But we know what the word said. I didn't go ahead and include the quote this morning, but I can tell you the prophet of God said, "They weren't called to see it. They'll never see it because it wasn't sent to them." Now, that sounds very strong, my brother and sister, but that's according to the word of God. Now, I will say this, don't misunderstand me. If it wasn't us, God would still have a work here that was the truth. But by God's grace, can someone say God's grace? Amen. Our eyes have been opened. Amen. So, we're in a world that some of these people there have never had a relationship. They've never been in a church. They've never did that. I would be honest with you and tell you that my thoughts are there'd be very few in the city of Nampa who haven't had uh their life touched by church and different things. And yet there's parts of the world that God is still coming onto fresh ground on virgin ground and and souls are being saved. But while we're here sifting, let us be faithful. Amen. We don't have to have some great audience. We don't have to have that. But let those that the Lord has called us to come in association with let our light shine and let it shine brightly. Amen. Cuz remember when the globe is clean, remember behold the bridegroom cometh. They cleaned their globe. The lamp was full of oil. But remember my brother and sister, the globe being clean doesn't just shine the light for you. It also is shining out on everyone around you. And I say Lord, let us be faithful to that. Amen. We will we will work with the brothers. I I have some pictures uh just uh this morning uh um didn't didn't really have preparation for that. Uh unfortunately, forgive me for this. I don't want to use it as excuse, but I I came home. We just barely got there. I had jet lag so bad that I would wake up Idaho time every single night. Only the problem is we're so far off set. I would be tired. I would go to sleep. I would wake up at 1:30 in the morning and uh realize at at home, oh yeah, this is where it's at. I would then fall asleep about 6:45 and if no one would have disturbed me, I probably could have slept till noon. And uh but yet I set alarms, we had meetings, we had people to meet with, we had things to do, conferences and all of these things. And then it all comes to an end and I fly home and now I'm waking up on South African time. And uh so so just a real real quandry there. But anyway, so much about that. Amen. Please remember our brother Donnie Pulman. Amen. Obviously, we brought as a prayer request to remember our brother David Lunsford and uh to remember sister Sue's son Dana. Amen. Uh and uh cancer returning. And um we just want the Lord to touch him. Most of all, we want to just see the Dana that we knew years ago with a heart that burned on fire for the gospel and see that come in his life once again. Amen. And uh obviously, God bless you, brother Salem. Uh remember our sister Wander this morning. Now, it was brought up, it took me a minute, my mind was uh caught up in a different thought. Uh, Sister Rebecca there in South Africa, wonderful little girl of a family in the church. Her family is very, very poor. But aren't you glad your financial position doesn't denote your spiritual position? Anyway, she was walking to school and somebody kidnapped her. They have given a ransom note that is impossible to be met. And uh so we just want the Lord to come on the scene and just move on the heart of these people that instead of harming her in their frustrations that uh in the end the Holy Spirit will move upon them, they'll release her. She is I didn't know her personally, but they say she's just the sweetest little girl that you could ever meet. and uh her family there there's not even a hope that they could raise the original ransom that was given and uh the police uh they just shrug their shoulders. They don't really pursue these things. They don't really even try and find a solution. It happens so regular that they have become jaded uh to the whole issue. So, let's remember our our little sister Rebecca and uh the Lord would just come on this scene. Uh and one of those men. It's all it takes. Doesn't have to change a whole group. All it's got to do is change the heart of one man and let that man be one to say, "This little girl suffered enough and turn her loose." Amen. Did you enjoy Brother Daniel for Easter? Amen. Good services, good ministering of the word. Amen. And I believe that uh that won't be the last that we see of brother Daniel. Amen. Uh I just really appreciate him and his lovely wife um their their atmosphere around them. Amen. And I'm chewing my way down the list here. Amen. Sister April, our hearts are now relieved. You're home and you're healthy and uh praise the Lord. Um, you know, Sister Jerry and I was just counting the time when we estimated that you would be back on the continent, uh, our continent. And, um, we're just happy to see you. And, uh, God bless you. Amen. Sister April has I know that there's some things that she uh has to reserve about sharing. But my brother and sister, if we could make that much of a difference in the lives of people, people that uh have all kinds of of things and just uh a helping hand in a prayer changes their world. Um I say, Lord, just uh continue to touch uh the the needy. Amen. You know, some people may have heard the name of Jesus, but they've never seen a manifestation of Christ in their presence. And sometimes the Lord just uses our hands uh and such a fashion that it doesn't seem spectacular as far as the preaching of the gospel, but to people who are on the receiving end, they realize God's done something good for them. Amen. Uh youth service this Friday. Looks like good chunk of the youth are gone. But um anyway, those of you here, youth service here at the church on Friday at 7 o'clock and um also I think brother Adam's the only one that doesn't know, but I would like to have a little meeting with the trustees um right after the service. Amen. Let's stand and just go into the word. I want to talk to you this morning on on a thought that uh uh has been with me uh the last few days and uh I just want to come and I pray that the Lord will help me to articulate this uh in a fashion that uh uh would be a blessing to you. I want to speak to you on beyond the flesh. Amen. Let's go to John 1:1. And um we'll just lay a a foundation here. Um we sure appreciated your prayers. Uh Sister Jerry's not feeling well right now, but the Lord was with us. Amen. After traveling, um you know, I had an individual ask me uh how my vacation was. And um I I will tell you that uh the first part of our vacation was something on the order of 25 hours in an airplane. And Sister April will know exactly what we're talking about at the point that you go numb somewhere from here down. And um then the last two days of our vacation was the exact same in reverse. And in the middle, we never went to bed before midnight. And uh but I would do it again in a heartbeat. Amen. John 1:1. In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not. There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. The same came for a witness to bear witness of the light, that all men through him might believe. He was not that light, but he was sent to bear witness of that light. And I believe we can identify with verse eight. Amen. We could not stand here today and say, "I am the light." But the light is in us. And we can bear witness of that light. And I say thank you, Lord. Amen, for that. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. He came unto his own, and his own received him not. Now, this is referring, my brother and sister, to the Jews who had spent all of those decades perfecting how it would be when the Messiah come, it will be just like this. But I just listened to the prophet a couple days ago or might have been yesterday uh uh saying that uh in spite of that scripture and in spite of how they did that, he came perfectly according to the word. So that means somewhere along the line they changed the scope or the meaning of the word. So they were looking at the word in a different approach, a different way and still believing they had the word. Yeah. Now I'm going to put something in here that's not changed in our day. Amen. People will stay home and push play and say we're fulfilling the word of God. But are they now? Sorry to put that in there, but we got to remember the misinterpretation of a prophet's message is not in days gone by. It is taking place right now. And so we got to be careful that we don't just interpret that uh to come in the way we thought because that's what the Jews did. That's what the Sadducees, Pharisees did. Amen. And he came unto his own, his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's good to be back here with my brothers and sisters. And Father, I pray you just come down this morning. Lord, just speak to our hearts. Father, let us realize how important we are in your plan. We are not just a happen stance. We're not just a side note, but Father, how you so focused your plan, so focused your word to come, Lord, and was so gracious to include us in that plan. bless this time I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Also, I bring greetings to you. our brother Tim Dodd had been asked uh to come and help be an encouragement to the saints there and uh some of you will know brother Tim Dodd from up in Cloverdale uh and uh Grand Prairie originally and uh he sends his greetings or brother John Andy's sends his greetings and um met a wonderful brother that's been coming over preached for brother John Andes a few times uh brother Mediva uh got to meet him. Just a wonderful man. Who knows the Lord give us an opportunity would like to bring him uh sometime to come and preach for us. Just just a wonderful wonderful brother. Amen. Now we see how the words describing the word our Lord Jesus Christ. How that he come in the flesh to us and and it was there that uh God come down because he wanted to have a witness that was at our level. Now, John was there and John was a true witness called of God. But yet, God said, "You know what? I want to bring another witness, one with authority beyond what John has." And so, I'm going to come and I'm going to give a witness. And there's no greater witness than our Lord Jesus Christ himself. And so, he comes down and and comes in flesh and is there before us. He was the word made manifest. And I want to look at this now and just look at some of the previous appearances. Now when our Lord Jesus Christ come, we can say, well, he had to come as a lamb to be slain. He had to be the sacrifice. He had to fulfill all these things. But we want to look at this and recognize that God's appearing in the flesh was not just in the body as it were of our Lord Jesus Christ, but had come in previous appearances. had come in previous times. It's it's kind of like my brother and sister, I've got to throw this out. Uh uh I hope it doesn't isn't more confusing than it is beneficial. But when the prophet of God uh comes and he's speaking speaking in the church, speaking of visions he's seen, speaking of these things, and he starts to describe to the believers the tent vision. He says, "I see this and this happens. This happens. This happens." And as it is, even the prophet of God in the early stages there believed that literally they were going to buy a tent and they were going to haul it from place to place and set it up and God was going to come down in a little wooden building inside of the tent and do supernatural. The prophet of God was waiting for that day had spoke personally to to men and brethren and some had a commitment. Some said we will provide the truck to haul the tent. we will do this, we will do that. They were even talking of what size the tent would need to be and various factors. But if you look very carefully at the end of brother Brandham's ministry, he starts to allude that the tent that God showed him and the little house that he showed him was not a literal tent, but it was a overshadowing of it is of that. And my brother and sister, we are the house of God. We are the abode of God. You could apply that. are the tent. Amen. And the little room that the prophet saw and uh the Holy Spirit said, "I'll meet you in there." My brother and sister, the prophet then comes and starts to focus how that this is literally the soul of man. This is literally the place that God meets man. He does meet man in a building somewhere. He does meet man in the woods and here and there. But the place that he meets man is in the soul. Amen. And just listening the last few days, the prophet of God reiterating how at that point of time that science had just discovered there was that place in the heart that they can find no real reason for that little spot in the heart. It doesn't seemingly serve a a a purpose, but yet we know that God is perfect, right? He didn't come along and say, "Man, I lost the page of the blueprint of what that was." But he put a place in the heart. And my brother and sister, we'll see how that the word has showed us. so clearly from the heart. Amen. As a man would thinkketh in his heart, so shall he be. And and there has to be something besides just muscles and and valves and a a flow there for God to speak in such a fashion. But there's something there that is alive and well. And we are able as sons and daughters of God to manifest that word from our heart. It is our heart speaking. Because be honest with you, I can't trust my brain. I can't trust my emotions as it were. But one thing I know is when God speaks to my heart, it has never failed yet. Amen. When I listen to my heart according to the word, it has never failed me yet. And so, we see how faithful that God is. And so, we look at this and we see the prophet that that vision coming to pass in a different fashion than what we did. And this is why we have to stop and not just interpret the message. take it from carnal. Well, we're going to take it literally word by word. Well, I'll tell you, I will not disregard that. The prophet's words is the people don't recognize the value of saying only what the prophet said. But if you don't understand by revelation what he said, then you will not get the the whole story, not get the whole picture. Amen. You might just end up being like a puppet or a parrot and speak that. But God doesn't deal on that level. God's dealing on the level of a personal revelation to you and I. Amen. And so it is here that we look back through scripture briefly. There's a lot more examples here, my brother and sister, but we look back just real quickly today. Uh if you want to turn, you can. But Genesis 14, we'll see that Abram, Amen. Here he was a man called of God was in a certain position yet not and these are just my words not in his vindicated glorified possession. You see God changed his name and it was necessary that his name be changed for him to possess his promise. Amen. God didn't have to have it that way but that's how God chose it to be. And so as it is that here he is is coming in Genesis 14. He's returning from the slaughter of the kings. He's went out and and saved the life, if you would call that, and redeemed his his um uh uh family. He's redeemed Lot and and uh and pulled him back. And God was pleased by Abram's behavior, his desire. Now, my brother and sister, remember this is the same lot that actually was a thorn in his flesh. the same lot that caused trouble. But yet Abram did not forsake him because it was of his family and he had actually made a previous promise that he would take care of them. Even when God said, "Leave all your family behind." Right? So seemingly this is a contradiction. Seemingly Abram went against God's word and he takes him with him. But look how the perfect will of God sometimes is hidden in our mistakes. It's hidden in what we think and how we felt about it. And and God says, "Oh, you're going to look at this later and say, "I made a mistake." But God's going to say, "I knew that's how it needed to be, and I anointed you to do what you're doing so that this could come to pass and my word would be fulfilled and I would receive glory." Amen. And it all comes down, my brother and sister, that God is there for us even when we misunderstand what God is doing. Amen. So here he comes and the return from the slaughter of the kings and and um as it is Melchzdc, we'll just cut it right to the chase. He comes, Amen. the king of Salem. He comes right there. He's the king of peace. He's everything. And he sits down and he is fellowshipping with Abram. And the thing that I find so remarkable is he breaks bread and wine and makes promises to Abram. He speaks to Abram in such a fashion you'd never miss. You'd never catch, I guess, the the point. You can miss that the fact that not all was just perfect according to God's will. What God had told Abram to do, it wasn't all fitting perfectly in the box. But God was looking just like you and I. God was looking on his heart and his heart was true and his heart was faithful. And so here is th this one who is there meeting with Abram. And um the word of God shows us so clearly my brother and sister that it is Melchzdc that is there. Amen. Now, some people in ages gone by uh thought Melchzdc was just another uh uh like another angel as it were, another part of God's economy, a part of his his force, you might say, that was there to support the word. But we see clearly by the promises that are made how it's given. It doesn't say and God said, but Melchzdc is speaking to Abram lip to ear making a personal promise. Now, we have to look at this, my brother and sister. If you are looking Now, now let me say this correctly. Lord, help me. If you're looking to take the promise that brother Brandham said and and I this should take place because brother Brham said my brother and sister you've missed the point of what God is trying to do in your life and in my life. God's wanting to bring you and I down that we personally are there lipto receiving promises not from a secondary not from a lesser but from God himself. It needs to be that personal of a promise to us that we grasp and can say, "You know what? God told me." Amen. I love I love this message with all my life, but my brother and sister, sometimes we we count on or hold to what I would say is secondhand testimony too strongly. God's wanting us to move from an impersonal relationship which is second or third hand into a personal relationship that we can sit here and say God told me now. Not God told me and then we change our mind of what God told us. Amen. Or we go a season and say well now God's told me this and that contradicts that but God told me. No, we want to come to a place God told me and it's the word. Nothing but the word. Amen. No other influence. Amen. So here it is. He's there and and Abram Mechzdc speaks to him and says, "You know what? Once you've kind of satisfied the princes and these kind of things, just keep the spoil, the rest of the spoil to yourself." But Abram had a revelation and he gave tithe to Melchzdc to God there on the scene. He says, "Lest they would think that I did this to enrich myself." Oh my brother and sister, I tell you sometimes, now let me deviate for a minute. One of the things sometimes that undermines the harmony in a church is when people start to think that someone did something to enrich themselves. Oh my brother and sister, let it not be counted amongst us. Amen. If you want to pray for blessings uh in the natural upon the body of believers, start with the poorest family. Start with the one that has a greater need. Leave your own need as a last. Amen. Leave it as a least. And and let God's perfect will be done. Now, I will say this. Sometimes there's families that that are in need, my brother and sister. But God knows they can't hold and handle the gold. And the word says he won't try you more than you can handle. So God's not going to handle you wealth so you can ruin your life and fail. Now I know that's a little bit blunt, but certainly there are some who just simply can't handle the money. And so God has made a promise, amen, that he won't place anything more upon you than you can handle. So I would rather live in a position of always a shadow of a need in my life. And I need to call upon the Lord than I would to have the wealth and it ruined me. Amen. Bring us to a place, Lord, we're still dependent on you. Don't bring us to a place we start to rely that we think we have accomplished something. But to look at this and say, Lord, let me remain needy. That's right. In you. Amen. So now he appeared there in Genesis 14 uh to Abram returning from the slaughter of the kings. And then we see in Genesis 18. Amen. So here is is Abraham the the story there in the middle between 14 and 18. You you're well aware of the Lord speak to him and says, you know, I'm changing your name. I'm changing Sarah's name. And so you'll now be Abraham and you will be Sarah instead of Abram and Sarahi. So God coming and changing the name. My brother and sister, we got to have a name change our own self. If we're going to manifest all the promise of God, we cannot be identified and named by the old man. We cannot be named by what we were out there. But God has come and given us a new name. And I say thank you. Amen. Because you see as the scripture I opened with, he gave us the power to become sons of God. Amen. We extend that out. Sons and daughters of God. He gave us the power to do that. There has to be a change associated with that. And so I don't want to deviate back too far, but maybe you remember we preached before we went to South Africa that when those uh patriarchs, their mothers, Amen. as they're giving birth, they cried out a name and that name positionally placed them. And that's why our new birth, my brother and sister, the prophet of God said, a birth is always messy. Amen. If we have a clinical birth, my brother and sister, we have not had a true birth. Amen. It needs to be messy. It needs to come down to the place that we literally declare, I cannot live without you, Lord. As long as we remain in the flesh, you can be blessed by the blessings of God. But the true blessing, my brother and sister, is the birth. Amen. Amen. It is not prosperity. That's right. It's not talents. But it's the new birth. Amen. We can have a religious spirit and we can go all of our life saying, "I praise God. I worship just like everyone else." But without that new birth, my brother and sister, we're a lot closer to Cain than we think we are. That's right. Amen. Now, I know that's a little blunt, but I want nothing to do with Cain's way of worship. It might be beautiful. It might be talented, but it wasn't in the blood. It wasn't messy. It was clinical. And so, as we look here in Genesis 18, so he comes to Abraham's tent on the plains of memory and um as he's there, Abraham looks out and he sees three men. Now my brother and sister, he did not in a distance say, "Oh, that's God." But as he comes closer, God anoints Abram with revelation to understand that he's in the presence of his Lord. Now, this is not just a a a man with a greater fortune, greater authority uh than Abraham, but he recognizes deity. Oh, Lord, help you and I to recognize deity in our midst. Amen. The prophet of God preached a sermon on the unrecognized presence of God. Amen. And he's in our midst sometimes. We don't even recognize it. We would greet those three men and not differentiate one from the other. But God anointed Abraham to recognize that here in his presence is one that is greater. Here is one that he is there to give recognition to. And he starts to speak that now this was a physical body. My brother and sister, this was not a mystical body that came to Abram at the slaughter of the kings. It was a physical body. But the prophet of God explains to us that was in a theophinic form. It was there God putting himself into a body and it's there. He's standing there. That body would eat, could touch, feel, etc. But that body did not experience fatigue. It did not experience stress. It was not a body that would be crucified. And so as he is standing there now in the midst of Abraham on the plains of memory, Abraham by revelation recognizes and says, "My Lord." Now those that were with them, my brother and sister, he give recognition to them, but he's also not giving the position of deity to them. Now, see, there's the difference between it being our Lord and being his servants. That's it. Oh, my brother and sister. Right. It's it's kind of scary because there's places on the earth today men that can preach and quote this message but they have moved in such a position that um a brother was just mentioning this me while we're in South Africa you know of men in different countries uh uh and they're they're preaching in such a way and convincing the people I'm that servant of God as it was that come to Abraham call me Lord now my brother and sister I'm sorry I want No, no part of that kind of a thing because I recognize that this man right here in this flesh in no wise would be worthy to stand and say call me Lord. Amen. So we recognize we have one Lord. Amen. Not three, not a dozen, one. Amen. So it's there uh that he comes and Abraham by revelation then goes and kills a calf has milk and everything that's necessary lays out the feast and it's there that it's a wonderful time and uh God didn't come down in that body once again Melchzdc he did not come down in that body just to ask Abraham hey is everything going okay but he was there to give the word to Abraham give direction to him. Now, we look at Abraham's decision just like we look at decisions in our own lives. Look at Abraham's decision, my brother and sister. He could have easily taken the position and said, "You know what? With my ministry, I could go down to to Sodom and I could make a difference." But you see, he recognized his position. My brother and sister, we were just talking a few minutes ago about letting our light shine to be an example. But you see, our ministry is not to try and go convince Sodom to change their ways. That's right. Our ministry is to live the word. And those that have the life or seed in them will be attracted to the word. That's right. Now, kind of hold that thought down the roadways. We'll come back to that. Now, as it is, my brother and sister, they sit there, the fatted calf, they eat, they drink, they fellowship, and and all of this is there, and it is the same thing again. This is God in a theophony theophic theophenic form. I'll get this right. Get tongue tied. It's God in a form. But God has such authority that in that form you can look on him. Yeah. You could touch him. He ate. He drank. Isn't that incredible? Yeah. He didn't come to Abraham and say, "Man, I need to take a nap." Just over the horizon right there. He just and walks into Abraham's life. Yeah. Now Abraham recognizes the presence of who he is with. This is the difference, my brother and sister. People will say, "Oh, I went to church and and the music moved me." Churches such as maybe I will name it. I don't mean to slight but music such as Hill Song uh that you know it's like a wave that rolled around the world with with their music and some of their songs were very anointed but a lot of their songs was just just really a worldly form put into a spiritual aspect and and so you know they say the music moved me and that's why I want to go like I like to go to that church just had a gentleman say something of that very nature to me just here recently he said you know this is the reason we go to church there, my brother and sister. But I'll tell you, God can reveal himself and his presence in music. But God has a way of showing that this music edifies him. It's not just because of music. So you can be moved in church by music and it not be the least bit of the Holy Spirit. And so we have to be careful, but let's not get paranoid. Oh, can I is it okay to put it that way? We can get so hypervigilant about a song that that oh that's just so wrong. But I'll tell you, we're sons and daughters of God and God will lay upon our hearts not to sing a song. Some songs have come right here in Grace Tabernacle through the years. We've sang them for a little short season and there was just seemingly something missing and those songs have disappeared from our worship because God without criticizing us or judging us or being harsh on us has just taken the desire for that music away. Is not is that not the way he deals with everything in our life that worldly things. We come out of the world, we get saved and we start to do this. Does God come and beat us with a club at the door and say, "What you did right there, never do it again?" No. What God does is he removes the desire for that out of our life. And so it's the same thing in things like music. Amen. That we as a body of believers, we as individuals, God comes and just removes. And sometimes it's strange enough, God uses time to remove desire. Amen. He doesn't always just at the snap of a finger just change everything. But he can and he does. But still in some cases God just lets time and the word come and the word then slowly takes the desire out of us. And as the desire disappears we don't even go, "Oh, I sure missed that song. The desire is gone. I love the way the Lord works." Amen. Otherwise, we just pass a great big book. Here's the Bible. Amen. This print of the Bible is about an inch and a half thick. And if we printed our rule book, it would take 10 additions and boy 50 pounds because we'd have a rule and a subruule and a addendum to the rule for every single thing. But the reason this works, my brother and sister, is because this book brings the word, and the word is what takes the desire from us. Amen. Not man's dictate. And so God is dealing with Abraham and uh he comes there and he's dealing in this very personal way with him. And uh we see that in that time of the word coming in this theophenic body it the word coming is actually at a point that Abraham starts to realize how much his relationship with Lot has hindered him. It really soaks in that there is a difference between me and Lot. He's of my kindred. He's family. I felt an obligation to take care of him. But the word starts. And when you and I, if I could just put it this way, when you and I do the separation, we're going to just leave our family. There's trouble. It's a lot of trouble. But when God starts to bring a separation, they will as much or more than you say, you know, it's just fine if we go our separate ways. had no hard feelings. You can sit down as it would be, I don't know, over a supper and and enjoy their presence, but you realize the Lord is what brought that separation, not you coming. When I was a young man, it was all about give the word test. Uh, amen. See, families that used to be pretty close and no reason they could not remain close, but someone was anointed to give the word test and just offend everybody around them. It wasn't even It wasn't even a a true representation or presentation of the gospel. It was simply line up to this or you're serpent seed. Line up to this or you never was of God. Line up to this. My brother and sister, that's not how you win people. My my oh my. My oh my. But God, come down to Abraham's tent. And that body that was there seemed so real. Abraham would have told you that was the real thing. But the word says that no man's ever saw God. That's right. Even in dealing with Moses, he told him, "I'll cover your eyes and I'll show you my backside, but you won't look upon my face." So, we see that this here's the separation cuz people bring up questions. Such a lovely thing. I'll share this. Such a lovely thing. Uh sat uh I mean Sunday night. Sunday night preached my last sermon uh there at Nest Park. And as I'm I'm uh gathering my stuff, I was a little weary and body. I was gathering my stuff. I was walking out of the church and two of the most beautiful young ladies that you would ever meet in your life. Uh 11 going on 12 years old. Just glowing young ladies. and and uh the one little sister just warmed my heart cuz just so happened where her family was sitting was kind of out in my line of sight and all through the service here's this little 12-year-old girl head down, hands up. Oh, she's just she's just digging into this and and it just warmed my heart because I don't believe it was a show. I don't believe it was something she was putting on. I believe it was a real relationship. Now, this little girl and her friend are there and you realize the one little girl that I just described in a sense is a little more spiritually mature and they're about the same age. They're best friends. And and she comes over very respectful. She lays her hand on my forearm and she says, "Brother Paul, can we talk to you?" I was like, "Of course, sweetheart. What What would you like?" Well, my friend, I have a friend in a journey. My friend has a need. I was like, okay. Well, really, it's a question. I was like, of course. We went back inside in the back of the convention hall or I guess what you would call it. You know, it's a uh maybe we'll be able in another service to share a picture of it. Great big building. Great big building. God's blessed them with. Um and we sat down on the back row right there and pulled the chairs around. It was interesting because I pulled out a chair and I a chair and I was going to sit on the the deal and the one little girl looked at me and says, "Could could we sit beside each other?" I think that's right reasonable. Okay, sweetheart. What's your question? God wants us, not just preachers. God wants us to be willing to get down on someone else's level. That's right. Easy as adults to say, "Okay, little girl, pat pat on the head. What's your problem?" But I have to tell you, God laid upon my heart. And I got right down and I'm sitting in a chair and I'm there and I'm looking right in their eyes and I says, "What's your question?" Broke my heart in a happy way. The little girl looks at me, looks at her friend, and her friend's nodding. You can do it. You can do it. Tell him, "Brother Paul, how do I get closer to the Lord?" Question. Awesome question. Awesome question. Oh, my brother and sister, I about burst into tears right there. That's right. little girl and her innocence there just wants to know how to get closer to God. So we went and we started before there was Stardust and we went here and we went there and went to the seals and we went through the church. No, no. I told her, "Sweetheart, go back. Go to the word of God as a 12year-old." That's right. Because she actually already had the answer. Yeah. But she was trying to think up with her elder siblings, with her parents, with what brother Paul just preached. She's trying to get up here to figure out how to do this. Go back. Read your Bible. You don't have to understand it. She brought that up. She says, "Well, I was reading my Bible. I just didn't understand what I was reading." Just read your Bible. Just read your Bible and pray. Well, brother Paul, I'm not sure if I'm praying correctly. The Holy Spirit will lead you. Just pray. Cuz you see, the worst thing we can do, saints, is try to get everybody conformed to a certain idea that you got to pray this way and you got to read X amount. You need to read three chapters of the Bible every day. And by the time you get to chapter three, you can't even remember what you read in chapter one. But that's what's going to do it. I told her, "Go back. Be a 12-year-old." Amen. Be a little girl that will lift your hand and worship the Lord and say, "Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul." And and you know, it's so lovely because the little girls, you know how kids can be. One question led to another question which led to another question. Even the little girl's mother is looking in like, "Where's my daughter?" But in the end, she looked me in the eye and said, "Thank you, brother Paul. I understand." And every minute of my time, one of the deacons was like, "Look, Brother Paul's tired. You guys are bothering." Nope, brother. Just let these little girls have their moment, these little sisters, to recognize they are as important in the kingdom of God as anyone else. Amen. I tell you, if the Lord ever grants for me to go back back to South Africa, I've got a couple friends. Amen. Even if the adults don't like me, those two little girls going to like me. Amen. They're sitting there. And you know what's difference? I'm not expecting you guys to go here. Don't misunderstand. But you know, they had no qualms to say they love me. And I had no qualm to be able to say I love you because it's that childlike innocence that Jesus was talking about. Come as a child. receive as a child and live as a child. Amen. So, here it is. God's moving. Now, this is the second time that we see that God coming down in Genesis and and I need to move along in the sermon. Who is this Melchzdc? Uh we'll see that if we put that up on the screen. Thank you. Uh Abraham said it was he said the name was he called him Elohim. Now, in Genesis 1, you'll find in the beginning Elohim created the heavens and the earth. In Genesis 18, we find out that Abraham called this person that sat there and talked to him and could tell him the secrets of his heart and tell him what Sarah was thinking behind him. Incredible. Come on, my brother and sister. And now I want to insert something right here if I could just expand this out. How many times have you had a need? How many times have you had a prayer? How many times have you read your Bible and you came to church and God? Now, come on. This is not the preacher speaking to you. This is God speaking to you. And the very scripture you've been reading, the very thoughts you've been having, God comes and speaks to you, my brother and sister. It's not brother soandso. It's Elohim. Amen. He's come right down in our midst and he's speaking to us and he's wanting us to know I hear and recognize your thoughts. Praise the Lord. Oh, help us, Lord. Amen. Let's not get into this. That brother, he spoke so hard. Had a little deal like this on our little journey here. Well, this is this way. I had a brother look me in the face and he makes a statement along that line. He says, "Brother Paul, I'm fully expecting you to tear the hide off of us." And I started to protest and he says, "But then by the word you'll come back and put a spiritual band-aid on it and we'll be better for it." And I was like, "Well put, brother. Well put." I don't know about the tearing the hide off of you, but God's got a spiritual band-aid that he puts over every wound that we have in our life. every disappointment, every discouragement, every moment that Satan would like to trip you, God's got the bandage to put over that so that Satan can't sit there and keep scratching that wound. Amen. And God comes without telling the preacher. I'm just sorry to interject this, but somebody's like, "It's as though, brother Paul, you knew what we've been talking about." And you know, I just was anointed. I was bold. I knew what you were talking about. And he looks at me and I said, "Yes, I'm standing in my shop at home and I'm working. Lord, do I go to South Africa or not?" And the Lord spoke to me, gave me these scriptures, gave me these thoughts, gave me this direction. Yes, somebody told me, but it wasn't man. Amen. Amen. Don't let me get sidetracked. Talk to him. could tone the secrets of his heart, tell him what Sarah was thinking behind him. Abraham said, "It is Elohim." He was in a theophony form. You get it? Notice now we find out that he was then in the theophony form. He called him Lord God Elohim. Now in Genesis 18, we find that is true. Amen. Now notice Abraham, it was three of them together, but when Abraham met the three, he said, "My Lord." Yes, he recognized there was one that was the one that he knew as Almighty God, Elohim. That one is my Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I think in some places in the world, they need to read this quote a little more. Amen. But when Lot down in Sodom, two of them went down there, and Lot saw the two of them coming, he said, "My lords." Yeah. See, without revelation, he just these are men of God, my lords. See, what was the matter the first place? Lot was not a prophet. That's right. Neither was he the messenger of the hour. So, he didn't have any revelation of him. Now, I want you to recognize how important it is what God's done. We are not prophets and we are not Wait, are we messengers of the hour? Amen. the spirit and the bride say come say come right we're a messenger see how God places us so carefully through a prophet's words that we can stand today and we can speak with authority if we'll give completely over to the Lord and allow him to have control of us you will find yourself speaking boldly like you've never spoke before because it's not you. Amen. Never was you, never will be you. But God says, "You are mine and the word." Well, I'll get ahead of myself. Amen. Let me just stop right here. Amen. So, he didn't have any revelation of him. It's exactly right. Lot could call them lords, a dozen of them. He could still lords, but no matter how many Abraham saw, it was still one Lord. There is God. There was the machzc. What a revelation. And Abraham just wasn't a a randomly chosen man. He was a man that was chosen to receive word in his hour to be able to be a representation or manifestation of that day. Now my brother and sister, I want you to understand God has placed you on the exact same level as he did Abraham because you have received the word. You've been given the authority to speak the word and the word has come out and it remains true. It always was true. It remains true. Even when it comes through your lips, it is true. We got to have the revelation. Understand that if God uses you to speak, that word is just as authority as it was with anyone else because it's God's authority, not our authority. Amen. Now, let me hurry up and get moved along here. I got way, way too much stuff there. It's obvious. So, he was there. God there in theophony form with Abraham and God then represented him. If you would ask Abraham or a carnal man at that time, you would have just said, "Well, that was a great man of God." They would not have recognized that was God. But here's God theophony form in flesh. Amen. The same, my brother and sister, that if we had been there, we could have shook his hand. We could have pinched his flesh. We could have said that's a man, but it was not a man. It was God in theophony. Now, I want to go back. Let me hurry back here. Back to John 1. The scripture says verse 14. And the word was made flesh, not theophony. The word now is literally in flesh. Otherwise, John 1:14 would have said, "And the word was made in a theophony, but it wasn't. It was literal flesh, just like you and I." Amen. God says, "I'm a lamb." And a lamb has to come as a true sacrifice. Not a theoretical lamb, not a theophony lamb, not a, you know, imaginary lamb. It's got to be a real lamb. and it's got to bleed and it's got to die for the sacrifice to be counted. And so he comes back and it's spoken there. Verse 14, the word became flesh. This is a this is a flesh that became weary, my brother and sister. This was a flesh that understood it. It says it faced every challenge. I know you've thought about this, but let me remind you of this. The word says it faced every challenge, every trial, every temptation, everything that you have ever faced in your life. Our Lord Jesus faced that. Amen. Even to come as it would be that I'm weary and welloing. And I think if we would be honest with ourselves, many times we as believers have come to a place that we are actually very weary and welloing. And and Satan says, "Look, they've left the screen door open." And we did that because we are so weary we forgot to close it. And he comes and then we wonder what's going on. But my brother and sister, our Lord Jesus was weary. Amen. Right. As much or more so than we've ever been weary. And so as we'll see what God is doing here. Amen. The flesh become weary had every attribute of our flesh. And if it had been God's goal to leave it in flesh, he would have left it in flesh. Mhm. But you see, nowhere through the scripture did he ever present himself to the people in flesh. It was always in a theophonyic form. And so now he's staying there in flesh because this come as a personal sacrifice. You know, this seems to be a little bold, a little whatever, but I don't know about you guys, but my lamb died at Calvary just for me. Amen. That's right. Now, we don't have to fight over that. There's enough blood to cover every issue, every sin, every discouragement. But you see, if you don't come to the place, if it's just out there almost like theory that he died for us, then he'll remain there. But when it becomes personal and you realize it was my sin that took him to the cross, God forgive me. Lord, forgive me. My sin took him to the cross. And it becomes so much more personal than the impersonal of a theory. I read it in the Bible and that's what happened. The lamb was slain before the foundation and God brought it down into a earth form so that we could relate to the suffering of it. Oh, praise God. I'm saved. No, my brother and sister, that ought to drive so deep down into our hearts and souls that God come and he did it just for me. Hallelujah. So, if it had been God's goal to remain in flesh, he would have stayed in flesh. Amen. He would have made a plan to remain in that physical body. And just bear with me for a minute here. Amen. I I'm I'm going a tad bit long. I hope that's okay. Amen. But look at this. How been God says, "Nope. I've stepped down into flesh. Not once, but multiple times." This wasn't new. Yeah. when he come down in the form of Jesus Christ, this wasn't new, right? God's well experienced. Only this time to make it so real instead of just appearing in as it would be a flesh form, he comes right down into the womb of a virgin and says, "I'm going to let them see it from the very start to the very finish." Amen. And here's Mary, a godly girl. Holy Ghost. You say, "But the Holy Ghost wasn't pre present then." It was. We just didn't identify it that way. And the Holy Ghost fil girl wanted to just live and do right for God. And while all of Israel had a a teenage girl, you might say, that was saying, "Oh, maybe our daughter will be the virgin." And Mary's just living the word. Yeah. And God said, "Mary, I've chosen you." Yeah. And we see that pretty soon she's got a baby bump. Yeah. Now, you can hide it. It's pretty funny. I I say this kindly. Please don't misunderstand. But to make a point, I always find it interesting when sisters Amen. they know they're pregnant. Husband knows they're pregnant. Maybe their children already know they're pregnant. They don't want you to know. And so it's interesting that that they can hide it for a season, but I'm telling you, when the baby bump gets out here, there's no hiding it. Amen. There's no way to camouflage what's happened there. And boy, the minute that Mary come to that stage, the world just blew up. the internet, all of social media, everything was there. Did you know that Mary and Joseph have been, "Well, we can't even talk about this." God said, "I don't care." Because I'm going to come and no matter how you view the lamb, it's still your lamb. Amen. And the world viewed that lamb as be elabub. But not you. That's right. Praise God. You viewed that lamb as your redemption. You saw that. So God comes in that form. Amen. As it is. See, God had already presented a pattern, my brother and sister. And you can find you have questions about things in your life. Go take those patterns into your Bible. Don't sit there and get nervous about it and and moan and cry and whine. Go look for the patterns through the word because God works in patterns just like he works through families. Amen. People are like, "Well, it's an individual affair, but God seems to work in families." That's exactly right. God places a seed in there and he placed it down there with Abraham and said to your families, I'm just paraphrasing it. And to your children's children and your children's children and your children's children, as many as far off. Amen. Amen. He didn't say, "Well, we'll just sprinkle it out here." He put it right in there and said, "To you and to your children and your children and your children and your children and your children." That's right. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. So, he goes there, crucifixion. This is close as I'm going to get to an Easter sermon to you saints. So, crucifixion. Amen. How stunning that must have been to all the believers of that time. Amen. They they thought literally as it was on the road to Emmas, they thought he was to be our redeemer. He was to be our deliverer. He was to conquer the enemy and set us free. And little did they know exactly that's what was taking place. And in that realm, they they're just stunned by the very fact that that Jesus Christ. And some of them must have said, "Maybe those people were right. Maybe that wasn't the son of God. Maybe that wasn't the Messiah, the redeemer. I just don't know. But he comes and he appears on the road to Emmas in such a fashion he walked with them and they didn't even know him. Now I want to ask you, does he not do the same to us? Amen. How many times of our life is he right there with us? Amen. And all we can be is sad. Yep. Well, praise God. The Lord anointed Emanuel Gospel Center to be able to say amen to that. Yeah. You got the same God that stood with the prophet. Yeah. Same God from the foundation of the world. Let me back up a little bit. Same God that's come all the way through the Bible. He stood with every one of those messengers. Every one of those apostles. He stood with them. He's answered prayer. He's proven his word. And he's come right down and stood in our generation with a prophet and proved that it was the word for the day. And he's standing right with us. And we're sad. God help us. God help us. I don't care if the wheels fall off your wagon. You should be able to say, "Lord, you're in control and I'm going to trust you, Lord. Cuz if I'm not trusting you, I have nothing else. I've got nothing else to go back to. I've got nowhere to go. In fact, it's not just for me. There is nowhere to go. Because if there was, my brother and sister, it would be known around the world and it would be there that you could go find something greater. But God said, "I'm not going to make this a great worldwide missionary thing. I'm not going to make it some great movement with great cathedrals and and it is because God said, "I'm going to bring it down and I'm just going to show myself to you." Amen. Amen. Critics are like, "Well, they have no organization. They have nothing to come together. They have no movement to really follow. They're just a bunch of disorganized people just exactly as they was on the day of Pentecost." Amen. They didn't walk out of the upper room saying, "Now, brother, what did you say we're supposed to do next?" Was I speaking in tongues or was I worshiping or what was I supposed to do? Show Show me again. Amen. I I appreciate the brothers. They did this. But when I got to South Africa, they hand me a paper clear full and they said, "Brother Paul, this is what your what your schedule is or as they say it sils in there, but otherwise it was No, that's not how God works. God says, you come prayed up to church and I'll come down and I'll speak to you and I'll bless you. You walk out of service today blessed because you came expecting to be blessed. And if you came to church today to fulfill some kind of traditional thing that we're supposed to go to church, you'll walk out of it with that box checked and that's all you'll walk out with. Yeah. But if we'll come with expectation, God says, "I'll meet you there." And we can say amen to that today. Amen. So now he's there in the resurrection. He he goes he he dies on the cross. It's real. He goes in the tomb. But in three days, those dear sisters, you know why he didn't use men? Because we just sat there and said, "Now, what are the odds? What's the factor? What's this times this formula times point and divide this?" And just the odds really come up against it. I've heard men say, "Our sisters are so gullible." Really? God thinks they're pretty spiritual, actually. Yeah. Oh, but it was Eve. The female got deceived is also the ones he revealed himself to. Yeah. Over and over and over and over again. And it was only after the sisters testimony that the tomb is empty. The brothers got off their chair. Now this I'm repeating somebody else's words and I think it's quite interesting. It was only after those sisters come back and said, "The tomb, the stone is rolled away. The tomb is empty." That the brothers bothered to get up from breakfast. A little bit rough, but it kind of describes. I think it describes anyway. Amen, brothers. Forgive me if you didn't agree. That kind of seems to be what we was. Amen. They were up at sunrise. They were there to check the tomb out. Yeah. And we were there to remind them we like our eggs over easy. Ah, well, you know, I wouldn't say it's gospel, but there's always another perspective out there. So, he reappears on the road to Emmas. What form was he in? That's it. Melchzdc once again, right? He was not a ghost. In fact, he was in the process of breaking bread. when they realized who he was. Amen. Spirit would have no need to break bread. But it was there and that that revealed to them. So here he is once again revealed in the form of Melchzdc. Amen. Yeah. Now adoption. Amen. Now one day when this lamb come, this man Satan was even fooled. I like this. He looked around him. He said, "If thou be the son of God, do this. If thou be the son of God, perform a miracle. Let me see you do it. Let me see you do it." Uh-huh. I'll tie a rag around his face and spite him. And if you're a prophet, tell us who hit you. Hm. I don't believe you're the guy. If you are, tell us straightly how you are. See, all like that. Oh, tell us you are. He opened not his mouth. Oh, did pull a wool over his eyes. Talking about pulling it over Satan. He looked around to the disciple and said, "I can only speak to my father and he'd send me 12 legions of angels if I wanted." Pilate didn't hear that. Amen. So God speaking in such a fashion. See, Pilate didn't even realize, I believe Pilate would have trembled in his shoes to judge the Christ. Amen. If he realized that all of this could be decimated in a moment by just a word. That's right. Look at this. Okay. Uh, if um, yeah, thank you. If thou be, if thou be. Oh, that ain't him. Why, look at him bleeding. Hey, some of you soldiers go over there and spit in his face. Spit and mocked him. Pulled handfuls of beard out of his face. Oh, he ain't no that ain't him. I'll anchor my stinger in him, boy. I'll get him there. I got you now. And when he last cried, Eli, Eli, my God, my God. That was a man. And we all know this. We're just just to stir up our pure minds here. Why hast thou forsaken me? That's exactly the reaction that a physical man would have in that circumstance. Amen. My brother and sister, if you read the history of the church in the dark ages, Amen. They tortured those uh believers, those saints. Uh they tortured them in such fashion. And those saints, many of them begged for them to stop. And they said, "We'll stop if you renounce Christ." They had no answer because they're not going to renounce Christ. The body, the physical man was saying, "Stop the pain." But the spiritual man said, "I can't go back. I cannot go back. This is who I am." And they went on to give their life. Amen. Oh, I tell you, God is so awesome. Amen. That was a man. Why hast thou forsaken me? In the garden of Gethsemane, the anointing left him. You know, he had to die as a sinner. He died a sinner. You know that. Not his sins, but mine and yours. That's where that love come in. How he took mine. Oh, hallelujah. How he took mine and there he was. He couldn't open his mouth. Get this, my brother and sister. He couldn't open his mouth. Stinger said, you know, I believe that was just an ordinary man. He wasn't virgin born for I anchored my stinger in him. I want to ask you here as we go on. Take up that next one if you would. Okay. And um but that was let me just I'm got two conflicting thoughts. My brother and sister just I want you to look at this. Have we ever come to the place our flesh said and we would look back and say Lord forgive me. It seemed like I But I want you to understand that's exactly the same position Jesus was in. His flesh was crying out. Yes. But God closed his mouth. Yeah. He could only say what God wanted him to say. Cuz you see, he's now back into our form. He's not there in theophinic form. He's not there as the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords. He's there now in a physical form. You see, the power of the theophony had been pulled from the physical body and was waiting just on the other side. Are you with me? I I think to me it's just so incredible. I think it's so incredible. Amen. Let me hurry. Amen. But that was the wrong time. Boy, right? Satan stuck his stinger in there. He got his stinger pulled out. Then he can't sting no more from then. He left his stinger in there. Rose up on the third day and said, "I am he that was dead and alive again and alive forever more. I have the keys of death and hell." Yes, sir. He failed to see who he was. And because I live, you shall live also. It does not appear yet. One day, 3 or 4 days after that, after he had to ascend to the father, had returned back, some said, "Oh, he must be a spook. Must be some kind of something spooky about that guy. I You've seen him. You see the vision?" No, it was a real Jesus. See how God changes in and morphs himself any way he please. He'll appear in a theophanic form. He will put himself in flesh and appear that way. It's how God chooses to. We can't put him in a box of this is the way God must show himself or appear to us. Amen. So, it's there. He was a real Jesus. Thomas said, "Let me see his hands and everything and I'll tell you if it is." We're We're getting closer. This is a long quote. I'm sorry, but I just didn't know where to cut it off. Amen. He said, "Here I am. You got any fish and bread over there? Bring me a sandwich." And they brought him a sandwich and he stood there and eat it and said, "Now, does a spirit eat like I eat? Does a spirit have flesh and bones like I've got? See, I am he. I'm that. And Paul said it does not yet appear just exactly what kind of body we'll have. But but brother Paul, uh, no, no, no. Don't break the punchline, Paul. Stop. Stop. Yeah, we'll have a body. We don't know what kind of body we'll have, but we know we'll have a body like his. Now, this could get confusing if you don't approach it in the right way. Which body like him? Body before crucifixion, body after crucifixion, body like come to Abram or a body like come to Abraham? What body will we have? saints. Yeah, it doesn't really matter, does it? I've heard theologians, I've studied this out a little bit, heard theologians argue their points, but let's bring it simple. He said we would have a body like him. That's all that matters. Amen. I don't matter, my brother and sister, you know, exactly how you want to express it, how you want to go about it. I have a promise in the word. I'll have a body just like him. So as he is, so will we be. Amen. We can argue the theology of it, my brother and sister. That won't change the fact that we'll be like him. Amen. What do you ever have a Did he ever have that theophony body? Yes, sir. And when he died, the Bible said he a personal program out again. He went to hell and preached the souls in prison. Hallelujah. How did he do that? He had senses of feeling. He had senses of hearing. He had senses of speech. He preached with that same kind of body. I saw those glorified ones in the other night. He preached to the souls that were in hell that repented not in the long suffering of the days of Noah. Amen. Oh my brother and sister, look at that. Hallelujah. Amen. But when he rose up on Easter, it was not possible that that body should see corruption. Amen. Hallelujah. We got a body like his. You say, "But you know, look, our loved ones went in the grave and their bodies corrupted." That wasn't really them. That was a car that God gave them to drive on this earthly on this terrestrial world that we live in. That wasn't them. That was just a body, a car that God gave them to transport in. Amen. It's not possible the body should see corruption because David the prophet foresaw, I'll not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption. Moreover, my flesh shall rest in hope because he'll not leave my soul in hell. Neither will he leave my holy one to see corruption. 72 hours before corruption sets in. That theophony, that body that went and preached to the souls were in prison that repented not in the long-suffering days of Moses. Mos Noah rose again and mortal put on immortality and he stood and he and he told us that he was a man. Hallelujah. Amen. Wow. How do we balance this? We balance this because our God can do anything he wants to do. He's not bound by our theology. Amen. While they're saying, "Well, the trinities are true because this scripture says like this and he pronounced it like that and he did it this." Amen. The word says, "I am God, one God." Amen. Amen. Not three. I'm not divided up. Amen. And no matter how they try to explain it, the reason they explain it like they do is they've never met him in personal. And if they'd met him in person, they'd realize one God. Amen. But it's there. Education, theology, intellect. Amen. Not personal. That's right. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. My wife says I got to quit asking for more time and just take it. I'm trying. See, the Lord's changing our thinking. We are not thinking like flesh men anymore. Can someone say a amen to that? Because if we were, we'd be just confused as the rest of the world. But you see, we're being pulled out of this old carnal body, being pulled pulled out of this fleshly understanding, everything about the flesh controlling us. We get tired. Amen. I was going to go visiting the other night. I was just convinced. I even told sister Jerry, you know, I want to go visiting. A and uh you know, by the time I got off work, it was about 6:30, 6:45. And by the time I got off work, it was all I could do to drag myself in the house, take a shower, eat a bite, and fall in bed. And you know what? My mind was telling me, "Do it anyway." My body was saying, "Don't you dare." But you see, we're going to step beyond that realm, my brother and sister. No longer controlled by the mind. No longer controlled by the body, but controlled by the spirit. Hallelujah. Amen. We're no longer looking at the flesh man. I don't even trust this flesh man anymore. Amen. Amen. See, we're looking beyond our flesh into heavenly places. Amen. See what he's doing? He's bringing us from being earthbound. He's breaking us loose a root at a time. Can someone say amen to that? A root at a time. He's breaking us loose. Just as I was sharing earlier about changing the church, maybe about music or about something. You know, God doesn't come with an axe and just start doing it. John says he lays the axe to the root of the tree. But when we come back, we'll find the Holy Spirit as the prophet taught us is a gentleman. Amen. He doesn't come with an axe and start just slaughtering you. He comes and persuades us by the word. And the reaction of our own soul, the seed in us, to that word causes us to start changing because we are drawn to the light. That's right. We've done that before, right? We did it with the kids. A little thing about putting a corn seed, Amen. in a deal and putting it in the window and I don't remember which one of uh of the kids uh had had their corn plant in the window and and whatnot, you know. And and it's an interesting experiment cuz when that plant gets up about this big and you got it in a window and it starts to lean to the glass and then you can turn it around and it will lean the other way because the seed has something in it drawn to the light. Amen. And and I'll tell you, if you get pushed one way in this world, you get pushed in another way in this world, you'll find yourself leaning back to the light every single time because the seed gene of God is in you. Hallelujah. Amen. He's drawing us into heavenly places with a heavenly vision. That's why the things of this world no longer have their control on us. Now, some have tried to convince that we are angelic beings. That was a little something passed through the message here a few years ago and a little of it still lingers that that we are actually angelic beings. But my brother and sister, that's not the word. That's not the truth. Because angelic beings never sinned. Now some fell, right? But they did not come back in repentance. So angelic beings we've never known sin. We would not know nothing about that's not us. Amen. Angelic beings, my brother and sister, will never stand and be able to sing amazing grace from their heart. Amen. They'll never ever be able to stand before Almighty God. They praise him. They worship him, but it's a different praise, a different worship because they've never experienced what we experience. And we are there from the very depths of our heart. When we say holy, holy, praise unto the Lord. It's a little bit different than angelic beings. Amen. because we have been lost and been redeemed. And yet even that my brother and sister, we understand that God spoke our name. Amen. As those patriarchs mothers were birthing them in the beginning and cried out those names, they were positionally placed in the kingdom and God spoke our name as we were birthed by the word and come forth. He spoke our name and that positionally placed us as the bride of Christ. Not just someone who believes in him, but he positionally placed us as the bride of Christ at that time. Oh, I say thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You see, the word wants us to look beyond this flesh. Amen. And see who we really are. That's right. Now, one last quote, I think. Nope. Oh, they just keep appearing here. Oh my. We'll hurry. see the discrepancy. But we find out God gave his children his word to condemn them. No, some people act that way. Yeah. The preacher read some quotes, read a scripture, and I just felt horrible. Really? You should have felt liberty. Yeah. God was talking about you. Yeah. We find out God gave his children his word for their defense. They have no other defense than the word of God. That is our defense. There's no bombs, no shelter, no hiding place, no Arizona or California or wherever it is. There's only one defense we have and that is the word. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, which is Christ Jesus. He is our only defense. Being in him, we are safe. Can we say amen to that? Amen. Being in him, we are safe. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Not even sin is imputed to the genuine believer. Did you know that? He that's born of God does not commit sin. He cannot sin. See, it's not even imputed. Why? David said, "Blessed is the man who God will not impute sin." And we sit here and say, "I said this and I did this and I thought this and I don't know that I can even go to church and I don't know that I can even because of this thing right here." That's nothing but a lie of the devil. God looked at you and said, "That's my son. That's my daughter. I won't even hold that to their account." Oh, but what about the book? The prophet God talks about it all being wrote in there. God's got a book for you. He's got a book for me. And in there, it says, "Covered by the blood, forgiven." Amen. My brother and sister, you see what God is doing? It doesn't give us license to sin. But it also gives us freedom from condemnation. That's right. No longer controlled by I was this and I was that. I love that. Sorry to deviate here. Take your time. But but look at this. Now, here's this man, Bud Southwick. They're up in British Columbia. And Bud Bud had a ritual. Seemed perfectly normal to me, right? We're there hunting. Just imagine now you're there hunting. And brother Bud right there in the evening, late in the evening, says, "Well, brothers, I guess I'll go out and check the horses." Seems perfectly reasonable, right? There's bears and mountain lions, and you don't want a horse getting loose and wandering away. And so he goes and he goes out and he checks the horses. Last time I was around anybody that smoked, they usually smell like a chimney when they come back. So, usually they're only fooling themselves. That's right. But God said, "Hm, you rotten no good sinner, Bud Southwick, prophet of God's going to rip the hide off of you today and straighten your life out." No. God looked down on the heart of that man. Amen. A man that was a rough rough man in a rough rough world. And he says, "I guess I'll better check the horses." And he's standing out there by the horses. And now there's brothers that knew Brother Bud Southwick personally. And Brother Bud wasn't a foolish man. The breeze is blowing that direction. Brother Bud. Yes, brother Bill. When did you give up smoking? That's an old story, my brother and sister. But let's just look at the reality of that. It wasn't, "Bud, why are you still smoking? You say you believe. And then look what words God anointed him to say. That's right. Just now, Brother Bill. That's right. See, there was a time and a place. Amen. Because God is perfect. Amen. In his time and his place. And he never smoked another cigarette again in his life. Amen. Oh, I want a God. I want to serve a God like that. Amen. Yeah. Amen. Blessed is the man. God will not impute sin. When you're in Christ, you have no desire to sin. But that doesn't mean you won't sin. See, some people read that and say, "Well, I I shouldn't have any desire. You I shouldn't that I shouldn't. Why?" But you got to understand God's talking about what? here or here. See, people get confused. They they no desire. I still I have a problem with this. Whatever it might be, I have a problem with this. That doesn't mean your heart desired it. That means your flesh hasn't been conquered yet. And God's on your way. I I didn't include the quote to cover that, but if you need to see it, I'll I'll I'll bring it. It's It's there. Yes. Amen. So when you're in Christ, you have no desire. The worshipper once purge has no more conscious of sin. You don't desire it. Now to the world, you might be a sinner. But to God, you're not because you're in Christ. How can you be a sinner when you're in the sinless one? In see, not close to, not in the same building with when you're in the sinless one. And God only sees him when you are in. See, only sees him who you are in. Amen. Amen. He only sees the one he's in. And who are we in? Amen. Whether you want to talk the flesh form, the theophenic form, the supernatural, however you want to talk it. When we're in him, that's all God sees. Amen. It don't matter. We don't have to talk about what age was the most powerful age. What age had the most this age that my brother and sister, forget it. When we're in Christ, amen. When we're in him, that's all God sees. Oh, hallelujah. Let me hurry up. Just go. Amen. Remember we were talking about how that he was there in this position. He come into the flesh. He come in theophony form, spirit form really took on a body. He come in the flesh. He went out of the flesh back into the spirit form. But do you realize he comes back on the earth not in the future? He comes back on the earth once again in the flesh form. Amen. Christ in you the hope of glory. Amen. He come right back and said, "I'm going to dwell in fleshmen again." That's right. In this day. Amen. I will veil myself and those who have revelation will see me and those who don't can never see me. Amen. That's it. Now, I'm taking that, if you don't mind, I've got quotes to back it up, but I'm amalgamating that together. Amen. Because you see, those who have revelation, Brother Bram says that in this place right here, those who have revelation will see him. That's right. Those without revelation will never see him. They can't see him. That's right. But where are we looking for him? That's it. Are we looking on Mount Calvary again? Are we looking for him to be glorified in some place amongst the elders and the theologians? Or are we here in this day? Amen. Amen. Looking at Jesus Christ, looking at Christ in flesh. Amen. Once again, that's what the word says. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad that we have eyes and ears to see the word. Hallelujah. Sister, will you come to the piano? Amen. The first seal. Oh, thank you, sister Vikica. Is only to be revealed that last day when the actual seal is broken. Broken to whom? Now, this is hidden in the first seal. And we have some legalists amongst the message that have the seals all divided off that this can only be applicable to this point. If it's if it's uh in the first seal, that's way back here. Second seal, way back here. Third seal there. Seventh seal. That's way off there. I'm sorry, my brother and sister. The prophet of God showed us in the word that God in the last days, not just going by first seal, second seal, third seal, fourth seal, fifth, sixth, seventh, but it said all the mystery, not mysteries plural, because Christ is not a multiple of mysteries. He is one mystery. And if you miss one part of that mystery, you've missed Christ. That's right. So God said, "Amongst my people, I will in the last days reveal all of myself." Yes, sir. Yes, sir. When this actual seal is broken, broken to who? Not to Christ. That's right. But to the church. Oh. Oh. What brother Brandham really meant, I'm sorry, was to the prophet. No. Can I sell you on that idea? Not even if I sell it to you cheap. It's cuz it's not the truth. The people who are trying to do that have a denominational spirit. They're trying to put it all over here. That's right. That you won't understand. You don't have enough revelation to understand it. That's not what the word says. In fact, that's not what our prophet said. Amen. He said it was to the church. Cuz the church is you and I. Amen. So there it is. This seal is broken. Not to Christ, but to the church. See, notice now. Oh my. It just makes me tremble. I hope that the church truly understands it. What I mean, you people, I'm going to call you bride. See that you'll understand it. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. No longer veiling. Amen. The bride of Christ. Our Lord Jesus Christ. God come down in various forms, manifesting himself through the ages. And he also in all of those ages manifested a bride. That's right. In various stages and ways. But now it's coming down. The word says that he could present to himself. That's it. A bride. That's it. After his own heart. That's right. Aren't you glad? Amen. He's come. Amen. And he showed us today. It's not just almighty God, this supernatural God of the heavens, but he come all the way down and says, "Can I be your bridegroom?" Yeah. Would you say yes to being my bride? Amen. And there's a people, Praise God. Amen. There's a people, they're like, I've always wanted to be your bride. Amen. I want to be your bride. I will be your bride. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. A a a a young couple young couple in South Africa. I'm closing. Have I said that already? All right. I don't I don't think I did, but in case I did, forgive me. A young couple in South Africa, I won't go into the whole story. Maybe at some point time. The basic gist of it, these two have liked each other forever. growing up in the church, went to the same school, liked each other forever. He backslides, goes into the world, and he's out there, and strangely enough to a young man raised in the message, the world wasn't what he thought it was. Ain't that something how Satan can present such a picture? Oh, it's just going to be a grand old time. And he said God started dealing with him. When he come back to church, repented, got his life right with the Lord. He basically looks up and sees this young lady and the feelings he'd always felt for her rise up. Only now it's a little more mature. And they started talking. They started interacting. They started doing. And he thought, "I've got to stop this right now. I don't want something that would be in my life to just appear out of the dark someday and cause her pain. And he sat down with her and he told her, "I've done this. I've done this. I've done this. I've done this. I've done this. Forgive me. [Music] makes me think of my Lord Jesus. Amen. She looked at him and says, "I don't care what you've done. I love you anyhow." Amen. Amen. Profound words. He's just sharing it with me. Bursts into tears. He said, "My heart, how could she love me so much?" That's right. And it just makes me think about this bride. Amen. The Lord's asked us to separate oursel. It can be painful sometimes. He's asked us to live a certain life a certain way. And it can be difficult at times. But I can't imagine life any other way. That's right. I can't imagine. She told them, she says, "I cannot imagine my life without you." And I'm here to say this morning, I can't imagine my life, without my Lord Jesus Christ. Can't even Can't even imagine. People are like, "Well, what about this and what about that?" No, I'm sorry. Amen. I'm sorry. I fell in love. Amen. And I'm not looking at anything but the one I love. Amen. Amen. Is it good to be sons and daughters of God? Amen. Hallelujah. My my oh [Music] my. Well, I'm not going to apologize for the amount of time. That's right. But uh I lost track of time. Amen. Let's just stand. Let's sing Amazing Grace 648. Sister Vika. Amen. I think we just need to realize just how amazing that's it. This grace, Amen. truly is. Hallelujah. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like [Music] me. For I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I [Music] see. Was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. How precious dear that grace appear the hour I first believe through many dangerous toils and snares I have already come. It is grace hath brought. Oh, hallelujah. Safe thus far. Oh, and grace will lead me home. The Lord. Oh yes. Our Lord promise good to me. His word, my hope secures. He will my shield and portion be. as long as life [Music] endures. Yay. When this flesh and heart shall fail and mortal life shall cease. I shall. Oh, thank you, Lord. Within the veil, a life of joy and peace. The world shall soon to ruin go. The sun will refuse to shine. Hallelujah. Isn't this beautiful? God who called me here below. All shall be forever mine. When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun with no less days to sing God's praise And when we first beun. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I think it goes without saying, do you love the Lord? Amen. Hallelujah. Is he not good to us? Amen. All through the ages appearing and come and in this day literally come down and made himself known. Amen. Like never before. People say, "Brother Paul, do you think we have more than they had?" The prophet says so. He says we have the greatest understanding revelation through the ages is here now. Why? Because it's the fullness of the mystery. That's right. Of Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing another song. I kind of kept you. I've got a whole list here. 524. Sister Vikica. God bless you each and everyone. Amen. I say this I hope you see the humor of it. I I'm just don't know why I feel inspired. If we're not going to praise, Philip's going to make it up for us. Okay? Amen. He's going to let us know. Hear me. Amen. Hear ye. The Lord our God is one God. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. When I saw the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my sins. I oy the spirit's wooing. Oh, when he said, "Wilt thou be clean?" I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Give him gloryy all ye people for his blood has washed away. Though the way seems straight and narrow, and all I claimed was swept away. My ambition, plans, and wishes. Oh, at my feet in ashes lay. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Give him gloryy all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. Oh, praise the Lord. Then God's fire upon the altar of my heart was set a flame. I shall never cease to praise him. Oh, gloryy, gloryy to his name. Oh, let's just give him praise. We'll praise him. I will praise him. Lord, we thank you. The lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Oh, give him glory all ye people. For his blood has washed away each stain. Oh, blessed be the name of Jesus. Oh, I'm so glad he took me in. Hallelujah. He's forgive my transgression. Oh, he has cleansed my heart from sin. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory all ye people. for his blood has washed away. Amen. As we just go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, with all of my heart, Lord, I thank you, Father, in every way that you have come and showed yourself to us as our peace, as our comfort, as a redeemer, as a healer, as a provider. Every way that you've come has been so real to us, Lord, Father. and we stand here today and say thank you father for the grace and the mercy that you have poured out upon us. You Lord are so wonderful. You're so good to us Lord. And I thank you father that when we look through the word clearly you show us that even in the worst of days you never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. Even in our darkest trials, you're hearing our voice, responding to our call. Amen. Listening to our confession. That's right. And never never once forsaking us. I pray father Lord just give us strength as we see you in a clear vision Lord as the word coming forth to see Father Lord as I tried this morning to just lay out this pattern where you have come in a theophony and then come in the flesh and father you've come back again in the theophony and now Lord you've come back again in the flesh oh Lord that you would count us worthy to be your temple. You'd count us worthy to be your house. Lord, you'd count us worthy to give praise, glory, and honor to you. Lord, help us to look beyond this flesh. This flesh is not our friend. This flesh is our adversary. And you have said that you have conquered vanquished every enemy. Therefore, Father, I can declare today wholeheartedly with confidence we have conquered this flesh. Oh Lord, lead us and guide us. I thank you, Father, for the patience of the saints. Pour back into them, Father, their strength. Lord, reward them for their diligence. Lord, we love you and we so thank you, Father. lead us and guide us this day for the rest of this week and the days and weeks to come in the name of Jesus Christ. God bless you saints. It's good to be here today to be with you. I pray the presence of the Lord goes with you, strengthens you. Brothers, if I could meet with you after God bless you. You're dismissed. [Music]
