################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - May 25, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Countdown Of The Word #2 - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   May 25, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Countdown Of The Word #2"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf7KWTCfzrg
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you this morning. Amen. Good to be here. Good to be gathered together again. Amen. Good another opportunity to praise and worship our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I'd like to start with number 1016. He's in the [Music] house. Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus. She's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sin till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I'm just a house of clay. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. In the house death has to flee. There is light and darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more [Music] doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the [Music] house. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be, now there is hope, there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the [Music] house. Amen. Sorry, I got a my throat this morning. was fine until I got up here. Amen. Amen. Let's uh another song's been on my heart this morning. Number 444. What a day that will be. Amen. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more. on that happy golden shore. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. And I look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. There'll be no more sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I shall be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grave. And he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Amen. Number uh 422. Brother Paul's sermon the other night made me think of this song. The love of God. I love the last verse of this song. Could we with the ocean fill where the skies precious? I can't I used to love to sit out and look out at the ocean and just think of this this verse. And the interesting thing you know when when you could we would ink the ocean film you sit and look at the ocean that's only what you can see. And the love of God is so much more than what we can see or even understand. Amen. Amen. It's beautiful. Amen. The love of God is greater far than tongue or pain. can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest hell. The guilty pair bowed down with care. God gave his son to his airing child. He reconciled and pardoned from his sin. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints [Music] and gel [Music] song when hory time shall pass away. and earthly throne and kingdoms fall. When men who hear refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains call God's love so [Music] sure shall still endure all measure le and strong redeeming grace to Adam's ray the saints and name gel song. Oh love of God how rich and pure. How measureless and strong it shall forever more endure the saints and name song. Could we within the ocean filled? And were the sky a parchment made? Were every star on earth a quill? and every man ascribe by trade to write the love of God [Music] above would drain the old shine dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky to sky. Stand and sing the chorus with me again. Love of God, how rich and pure, how [Music] measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and [Music] angels song. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and angels song. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Take these hands [Music] Amen. Nothing without you. Hallelujah. Take these hands and raise them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. I am nothing Lord. I am nothing without you. Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy. I have found I am nothing. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. Oh, all the world will see I have nothing without [Music] you. Take my body, build it up. [Music] faith be broken as an offering of love for I have nothing. Lord, I am [Music] nothing without you. Take my time here on this earth. May it glorify you all that you are worth. I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Take these hands. Hallelujah. Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near. Lord, I am nothing. I have nothing without you. Take my time. Take my time here on this earth. And let it glorify you. All that you were. Lord, I am nothing. I have nothing without [Music] you. Hallelujah. Praise his [Music] name. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. I worship him. I will worship him in spirit and in truth. I will worship him. I will [Music] worship him in spirit and in [Music] truth. He heals me now. He heals me now. Jesus heal me now. Do you believe that this morning? Heal me now. Heal me now. [Music] Jesus heals me now. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I [Music] need. Amen. Amen. So true. He is all I need. Nothing of this world. Nothing. He's all I need. Hallelujah. Glory to God this morning. Amen. Thanks. So thankful for his presence among us this morning. Amen. I love him. Praise the Lord. As we get ready to go to prayer. I want to remember our brother Daniel Cox, the Trevor's son. Um continue to hold our sister Dorcas up for healing. Amen. Brother Dace and his family. Amen. and brother Adrian, Sister Adah there in Montana and brother Wayne as well and his family. Amen. Um, brother Trevor and sister Carrie are with the family today, I think. Um, for Mason's graduation and stuff, family in town. Amen. So, um, Brother Pashant, Sister Kcha, Isaac. Amen. Um, want to remember the saints over there, Roseberg, Brother Gyra, Sister Rachel, and the church there. And want to hold up Gideon. Amen. For restoration. Amen. Just believing for him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Just bow our heads this morning. If you have a need on your heart, something just ask him this morning. The word says, "Ask and it will be given." Amen. Let's pray. Gracious heavenly father, come before you this morning, Lord Jesus. Oh God, how we love you, Lord Jesus. As we sang the words of the song, Lord Jesus, it always just gets me. Could we would thank the ocean fill, Lord, when I think of the goodness of God. We only see so much for goodness, but it's so much greater, so much larger. Our human minds can't even begin to comprehend the things that you do for us daily. And we thank you for those things, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for the grace that you've shown us, Lord Jesus. And even the grace that we don't even know about, Lord God. Lord, you're so wonderful to us and we love you. Lord, truly, you are all we need. And Lord, as we come before you this morning, we just ask you, Lord, to just come down, Lord Jesus. Just be with us this morning, Lord. May you find it this service pleasing, Lord Jesus. Just each one, each heart, Lord God, Lord, focus solely on you this morning, Lord. Lord, as we've read these requests, the different ones, the different lives, the different situations, Lord Jesus, we dedicate them all into your hands. We commit them unto you, Lord God, knowing what your word has said about these things, Lord God. And when we give them back to you, Lord, we find that peace. And so we dedicate them unto you. We dedicate our lives unto you. We ask you just take this service, Lord. The the praise and worship this morning, the preaching of your word, Lord God, may it speak to each one just whatever they have need of this morning. Any hands that are lifted up, Lord God. Just ask you be with us this morning, Lord God. May you just love you, Lord Jesus. Just have your will, have your way this morning, Lord. May you speak to our hearts. We pray. Give you thanks in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] Number 222. He's my Lord. There is no other one. He's my Lord. [Music] There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weery. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weery. gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Amen. We ask our brother Paul to come this morning. I'd like to sing number 861. [Music] Wonderful, merciful [Music] savior, precious redeemer and friend. Who would have thought that a lamb could rescue the souls of man? Oh, you rescue the souls of man. You are the one that we pray. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace our hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts always hunger for counselor, comforter, keeper, spirit we long to embrace. You offer hope when our hearts have hopelessly lost the way. Oh, we've hopelessly lost the way. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace our hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts always hunger for. Oh mighty infinite father, faithfully loving your own. Here in our weakness, you find us falling before your throne. Oh, we're falling before your throne. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace our hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts always hunger for almighty infinite father, faithfully loving your own. Here in our weakness you find up falling before your throne your let's just stand sing the first verse. Wonderful, beautiful Savior, the precious redeemer and friend. Who would have thought that a lamb could rescue the souls of men? Oh, rescue the souls of men. You are the one that we pray. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace our hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts all hunger for. Amen. I just love it when the Lord I won't bother to take the time to explain it, but a little farther in the service. Amen. You will hear us quoting speaking of hunger. Amen. Just want to bring greetings to you from brother Dwayne and sister Connie Fair. Amen. And uh Brother Moses, Sister Nell, Brother Job, God bless you. You guys are going to move from visitor status into extended family uh status here and uh we appreciate you. Sister Emmy, Sister Heidi, God bless you. We're happy to have you here here again like family to us and um just glad um want to a reminder I uh I apologize I don't have absolute confirmation on this but Lord willing brother Andrew Glover will be ministering for us next Sunday and uh always to look forward to brother Andrew is always Amen. One thing I really appreciate his just incredible fire, enthusiasm for preaching of the gospel. Amen. And uh so we want to remember all our graduates. I'm just not sure who is. I know that. Um is it ladies before gentlemen? So sister Aaliyah graduated yesterday. It was wonderful on my own part as my own granddaughter. uh did so well in her studies that it made up for even her grandfather's lack of study years ago. So now we have a a passing grade all the way across the board. Uh brother Joe is also done wonderful in his studies and uh this coming week uh will be uh graduating also and uh moving on uh to others. Are we missing any graduates? Um I you know sometimes I I kind of forget get preoccupied. Um we want to remember hopefully this okay sister Alice. Uh oh I got the eye roll. I'll keep it simple. Sister Alice will be going away uh just for a period of time here for an internship and we want to remember her. Amen. in prayer, everything to her. Amen. And uh we appreciate Sister Alice. She's she's always just faithful, stalwart, and one thing I really appreciate is she's very forthright. If she's thinking it, and she will probably engage you to let you know, and I like that. Amen. So, uh, we want to remember Sister Alice as she is, uh, uh, going to be gone out of town for a bit. Amen. And I will connect with you and share what information we have. Amen. And, uh, Brother Sergey not here today. Sister Toma is with family, so that means she's on the other side of the world. Uh, and, um, Sister April not here this morning. But uh we've been conversing just a little bit and I would like to find a time Lord willing that Sister April would be able to share uh her experiences and I I don't know probably would be something we would do here at the church in the basement cuz that would give adequate space uh for for that. So uh be praying about that. Uh there's just a lot to hear. Amen. She has shared little glimpses here and there and and uh my brothers and sisters, we we sometimes forget I believe just how blessed we are. Amen. What God has done for us. We have our our challenges here. Uh but um you know the gospel uh is going to be spread one way or another. Uh St. Francis of Aiz says testify and this not exact words but testify of Jesus Christ and speak if you have to. So we're seeing that uh shared and just u want to uh let's see if I missed anything. Amen. Thank you very much musicians. I appreciated it. Um thank the Lord for for those. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles this morning. I want to just speak on the countdown of the word uh part two. Uh and uh we would just uh turn in 2 Thessalonians the first chapter verses 1-5. And um you know as we're seeing the countdown of the word uh coming to pass in our day, there will literally come a day, saints, now I think we ought to just really hold on to this. literally come a day that for the bride of Jesus Christ, time will be no more. That's right. It will be finished. It will be over. And people, you know, sometimes Satan uh he he uh uh he just wants to make everything such a challenge. He wants to throw every roadblock that he can. And we have to remember when you look through scripture that God tests with time. And so one of the one of the tests that we face now is that you know when is the coming of the Lord? Well to the bride of Christ she stands here today. He has already come. Amen. Amen. So we don't we don't have to pin our hope on some event in the future. But we can stand here today and we know that he has come and he is with us. Amen. He's leading. He's guiding. He said I'll never leave you. So he cannot say those words if he's not with you. And so he'll never leave you nor forsake you. And I say thank you Lord for that. 2 Thessalonians 1 chapter verses 1-5. Paul and Sylvanius and Timoththeus and to the church of the Thessalonians in God our father and the Lord Jesus Christ. Grace unto you and peace from God our father and the Lord Jesus Christ. We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meat, because that your faith groweth exceedingly. And the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth. And I believe these are the things in evidence that we must see. We must see our faith growing. And we must have charity every one of us abounding. Amen. Not not just I had a moment of charity but it becomes who we are. It becomes the life that we have toward each other abound so that we ourselves glory in you and the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecution and tribulations that ye endure. So if they endured it then in the gospel of Paul the prophet said the gospel of Paul is alive and well in this day. another book of Acts. That means that you might as well settle in and accept the fact you're going to suffer persecutions and you're going to suffer tribulations. Amen. But remember, there are those things that work in you for the edification of the word in your life. Amen. Sometimes you need struggles. Yeah. You need trials. That's right. You know, we've all probably that have been around the farm, you know, thought we could help the little chick get out of his shell only to kill him. And so what we need to do is just settle down. And if it's a peck today and it's a pec peek tomorrow, know that God will deliver you from your tribulation. Amen. which is manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that you may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer. Heavenly Father, we thank you today to come. May the word just come speak to our hearts, Lord. Just anoint these lips to speak it, Father, in the fashion, Lord, that you would desire. Let it be a blessing to your people. For those who are not here today, Father, we just ask that your Holy Spirit would come speak to hearts, lead and guide and strengthen and raise up, Father. Lord, that we can come and stand with that faith and the virtue of the word in the hour you called us to. We are not here by mistake. It is not an accident. And so, Lord, if you placed us here, you already knew that we would overcome it. Lord, we want to be your overcomers. bless this time today in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Now, you know, we can look and um we can look and see a very clear timeline in the word as we go down through it. We'll find that we'll just use uh uh Israel and Egypt as a uh as a example of how that uh prophecy declared that they would spend 400 years in Egypt and and you know brothers it seems a little bit backfeed or something here. Uh and they would they would spend that 400 years. Now it didn't matter who thought that they could come and deliver them prior to that. And uh Pharaoh thought that he could make them his his servants slaves uh for for uh time and eternity, right? Just a never endless supply of young people rising up to be put into the workforce. And and uh yet when the word come and said the time is up, there was nothing going to stop Israel from being delivered. And so, you know, as we see how uh the story, as we well know, uh that uh they're told to take a lamb and uh they were told to eat the whole lamb. Not not to just eat the the most precious parts, the most tender parts, but to eat the whole lamb and to take and put the blood over the lentil of the door. And you see how when those things were put in place, they were spoken, they were going to come to pass. And my brother and sisters, the prophet brings it in the message, the token, uh it's there that uh that token must be on display. So it's not good enough to say I have the token somewhere in my house or in my office or library or wherever it might be, but it must be on display. And so it must be out where the world itself can see it. and and we're coming to a time that the word declares that uh we would see the word the entirety the fullness of the word we would see it come to pass. So therefore that must be on display but we also see prophecy that declares that there's coming a time when the wicked one amen would come and he would be on display. And you know, it's kind of interesting. I would use the word funny in a sense, but not in a humorous way, but how through the ages, remember, you know, when certain presidents were elected, they said, "Nope, there's the antichrist." Uh they said, "Oh, this is the antichrist over here." I can remember all the way back a lot of years ago, the internet was the antichrist. Uh and uh you know, in some ways, they're right. Uh but you look at this and there's always been this this is the antichrist and this is the antichrist. But the word said that he would come and the people would worship him. And so it's there that he's going to draw in or or pull in the people in their everyday life that they are comfortable with to give their worship to that. And so we see how the word is coming to pass my brother and sister. and the signs of the times. We could spend a, you know, probably weeks or months, you know, just going over the signs of the times. But one thing we do know that every sign that was prophesied is coming to pass and it is being brought before us. We're not here today to do a history lesson. And uh we're seeing how that these things are are spoken out and people uh they they are looking for these signs. But just as it was, my brother and sister, when Jesus come on the s scene, the prophecy of his coming was so uh before the people, it was recorded, it was spoke of, it was preached on and people were looking for that. But when it come, they completely miss it. Amen. Not everyone did obviously, but they miss it because they had interpreted what they thought was the sign of the coming of the Messiah. And let's be careful today, saints, that we do not misinterpret the signs of the coming of the Lord. Amen. That we look at the signs of the times and and don't get ourselves to the idea that we like the foolish virgin can run get oil at the last minute. Amen. But we need to have that oil because we see the signs. Not saying that we have exact interpretation of every sign that is coming or has been manifested that we can fully explain each and every one and how it dovetales. But what we know is it is coming. Amen. And if you know that it is coming my brother and sister then you need to be prepared. I need to be prepared. not doing. You know, we don't want to be like the people that dally for one more minute and then run to the gate expecting the airplane to still be there. Amen. When the door closes, they do not. This is a natural thing that really fits spiritually. When the door is closed, they don't open it again. That's right. And so, we need to be there, be prepared, be on board. Amen. And so we see this and we see how that there is I just listened to a little podcast uh and you know they're talking about when when we resolve the the conflict between uh Ukraine and Russia there'll be lasting peace in that area. But that's not what's prophesied. Amen. They say when we resolve these things with these countries, uh, you know, we're going to to take nuclear weapons away from Iran and there'll be peace in the Middle East. No, my brother and sister, that's not what was prophesied. Amen. And the prophet of God comes in the day that we live in. It still should be considered fresh mana to us. Amen. Don't look at the message as old mana. It is fresh mana. I'm telling you, you put on a tape or pick up a book and you read it and it is applicable to the very moment that we live in. And so you look at that and see as the word has come, we're seeing that people are saying, well, you know, we believe that this is going to happen. There's consolidation. I I've shared this before and typically I erase them or I would do this but I receive on a very regular basis the NPA ministerial association uh uh email that they send to me and inviting because they are working now to bring this is part of their deal to bring every church in Nampa in unity. Amen. And I tell you, my brother and sister, there are churches that we could come very close to agreeing with, but my brother and sister, there's only one absolute word of God. And if you're not on that absolute word, then you are not even close. Cuz this is not a case of close is close enough. Amen. And so, do you want to influence? Yes. Obviously, we would want to live a life and and be an example enough that would influence people. But my brother and sister, I'll just be blunt. There's many religions out here that are so completely false. I do not want to come in unity with that. I do not need to rub shoulders with them when they need to write their own Bible, when they need to have their own thing and they don't even bother to take it back to the word of God. They just simply have their own. And so it's there that we'll look at this. And when it comes these cries for peace and unity, my brother and sister, is actually a cry for peace. So right here in this city of Nampa, we have a cry for peace. Uh not a conflict or differences, but let's all come together. Salvation Army, Jehovah Witness, LDS, Catholic, Pentecostal, whatever it is, let's all come together. Let's work out our differences that we can then come in unity. I tell you what I want to do. I want to work out my differences with the word of God. In other words, my differences with the Lord Jesus Christ so that I can come in unity with the word. Amen. That's the unity I'm looking for. I don't need a unity with another man. I don't need unity with a program. I don't need unity with the masses or a consensus. I want to be in unity with the word. Can we say amen to that? Amen. And so there's cries in the world and certainly let's not let's not become hardened to the world we live in when we look at what is happening uh Ukraine uh and Russia that that conflict my brother and sister if you're a mother or a wife or a child in Russia you are crying for peace if you are a wife a mother a child in the Ukraine you are crying for peace let's not become hardened and draw lines there. The cry for peace is a real cry from the heart. And many a person is crying for peace. They're desiring peace in their life. They are disturbed today. They they are troubled in their spirit. They have no peace in their life. Tormented all the time. Their cries for peace are real. Amen. But there's also, my brother and sister, a very strong principle of scripture that when there is no seed, there is no growth. There is no life without the seed. Amen. And we don't point that to anyone. It's a simple fact of the word that it is there. If the seed is not there, you can put all the water you want. You can put all the sunlight you want. You will not make it grow. Amen. And so we'll see this. Amen. And another thing that must come in this day is the gospel must be preached to the ends of the earth. And we are seeing uh we could go into a whole testimonial here, but we are seeing incredible things happening. The the message itself reaching into the far corners of the earth and and how it's touching lives and how it gets there. I'm always amazed uh we this is a little bit historic but I I always amazed what God will do. You know in Chile many years ago a young man had backslid and his parents and namely his mother would send him gifts and put a message book inside of that and he would take the message book and he would put it in the trash because he wasn't interested. He had been liberated. Hallelujah. Wow. Isn't it wonderful to be liberated? Yes, it is. Oh, it is the most glorious thing. So, you can see the euphoria under that anointing that he felt like, I've been liberated. I can do anything I want. Well, I'll tell you, the flesh has a lot of wants. That's right. And when it's anointed with a spirit, it will want to do things that we will look back. I know many of us will be able to say amen to this. We'll look back and say, "Why did I ever want?" because that anointing and this young man would throw these message books in the trash. And in Chile, you have to understand that uh uh they don't have individual trash cans out on the street. They'll have a pole to keep the dogs out of it and these kind of half barrel type things and you go out and you put your trash there and uh they come and collect it out of that. And and here was a neighbor lady. She's there and she goes out one day and and she sees this nice crisp white booklet and and uh she's like, "I wonder what that is." It's in Spanish. And and she pulls it out and and she it's like, "Wow, this is interesting." And there's another one. And she takes those. And from that time on, she always looked in the trash to see if there was something in there. And as she's reading this, my brother and sister, she is starting to believe. Amen. And so one day she just fully is like, "This is the truth." And she catches this young man at his house there and she's holding a big handful of message books and she is uh if you knew this sister, I want to be polite. Uh she's not easily deterred. Let's put it that way. We want we want to be very kind to the sister. Not easily deterred. and she goes with a handful of message books and puts them in this young man's face and says, "How could you dare throw this precious stuff away? I want to know where does this come from?" And and he tells her, "Well, my mom sends it to me and I don't believe it." And she looks at him and says, "There's something wrong with you if you can't believe this." And so it goes on. She contacts the church. She actually moves and becomes part of the church there. And you think, wow, the Lord allowed the word of the hour to be thrown in the trash so that she could find it. But you see, it didn't stop right there. That sister's voice echoed in that young man's ears of how could I do this? And he gives his heart back to the Lord. And and today both, you know, families uh are serving the Lord. You see, even if the seed must go in the trash, it will find who it's supposed to go to. So, don't ever feel forsaken. Don't feel to give up because you see, we're not in control of where the seed is at. Amen. But we are in control of atmosphere that we leave around the seed. Amen. Uh, you know, she was very bold and blunt, but she wasn't family, right? So, it was a little hard for him to be really offended because this lady actually babysat uh his children on occasion when they needed it. So, you know, he didn't get upset with her, but she was so blunt that, you know, in our case, we have to be careful because Satan, we'll touch on this in a little bit, Satan loves to use offense. An offense is a very very difficult thing because once offended, it is very hard to win a soul back from that because Satan will anoint that offense over and over and over. But the gospel is going to the ends of the earth. Amen. a brother who once worked for an airline that flew uh uh freight into the back country and and uh you know he just started inserting a message book in all of this freight that they're shipping or flying out there and he said I don't know where those books went. I don't believe if God let them throw it in the trash then so be it. But one soul we know for certain picked that book up and read it and believed. So we're looking to see the gospel going to the ends of the earth. Amen. Brothers that some of you would know. Amen. Have been going to places like Nepal and going up into the country where where all of the different uh like Buddhists and all of this stuff reigns and the message is growing. And it's not just that somebody's being there preaching convinced, but one believer believing the word. And then the wife sees this difference. Her husband's no longer a drunk and he no longer wants to beat her up when he's angry. He no longer is mistreating the children. And the wife says, "Something's happened to him. Whatever it is, I need it." And then the children say, "Something's happened to mom and dad. Whatever it is, I need it." And the neighbor says, "Something's happened to my neighbor. Whatever it is, I need it." Amen. And it's going to the ends of the earth. Amen. And these are signs of the times without it going. Amen. Mark 16:15, you all know it. Amen. He said unto them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." And that is happening. That is taking place, my brother and sister. As it is, there are groups in Africa. Amen. Out in in different countries there, different places uh in Zimbabwe and and it's still spreading in Malawi. Although you can't hardly go to a a village of any size in Malawi now, but what they know about this message. Amen. But it's still gleaning out from those places and there's still a commitment. Now, I'm not trying to compare us to them, so don't misunderstand me. But my brother and sister, they have such commitment that when they want to go to church on Sunday, they start walking on Saturday. They will and they will show up in time for church on Sunday. And when church is over, they don't want to leave. So they linger as long as they can. They don't make it home till sometime in Monday afternoon or late. Amen. And you see that's something burning in us. Now we're not putting ourselves there. They have their challenge. We live here in this world of convenience. We have our challenge. But God, help us to have that kind of zeal for the gospel. to see the gospel shared and spread and see it be life-changing. You know, if you want to ever catch someone's attention, take whatever you have and add enthusiasm to it and they will want to know what means so much to you. Amen. Not about you're going to hell if you don't believe this, but everyone is searching. Every individual is searching for something that will change their life. Amen. If you would think money is the answer, then there are certain rich men that are very miserable and very very and money should fix that for them. And there are people with great possession, which in a sense might be money, but they they own a great possession like the rich young ruler. They should be happy, but they're not. You see, it's the gospel. Amen. Not the gospel according to modern day. Amen. But the real gospel. Now in works is faith expressed. Brother Brennham says this. He said, "Oh my same works that was promised in his day vindicated him to be that Messiah." Don't you believe that? And of course we do. Jesus was absolutely vindicated. Well now, brother, it the works of Luke the 17th chapter 30th verse. the promise of Jesus Christ just before his coming that the world would turn back to Sodom. Think we're headed there? The world's turning back to Sodom. I tell you, my brother and sister, you don't have to look very far to see the indecent and the immoral on absolute public display. That's right. Amen. Not that many years ago, what they consider normal music, now the singer would have been arrested and charged with indecency. That's exactly right. Now they're paid millions to promote it. Yes, sir. So, we are headed back. I don't think we even have a clue what Sodom looked like. We have an idea. Now, if you have a different idea, that's fine. But I'll just tell you what my idea used to be. Here's Sodom. Dusty streets, people around sitting in the shade in the heat of the day, and you know, they're just doing their thing, but they didn't really care about God. They didn't care about anything. Now, the word says it will be like Sodom. Can I just part the cloud and you step into Sodom? Here would be these indecent, immoral people cursing God walking down the streets suggesting every indecent thing that can be suggested. Yeah. Well, they said it would be like Sodom. And that's what they're doing today. Yeah. My brothers and sisters, the examples are out there. I don't want to go. This is the house of God. We don't want to go there. But as it was in the days of Sodom, Sodom was a really really wicked, indecent, morally bankrupt place. Especially I I I don't want to focus on this, but especially when you look at the fact that Lot offered his daughters up. Yeah, that's right. Just said, "Take them." Yeah, that's right. What kind of man Yeah. would offer his daughters up. A man that knew that these were men of God and was trying to do his best to protect men of God in a morally bankrupt world. I preached that in a little village in the south of Patagonia, Argentina. The man and the woman that were there owned the the fishing lodge. It struck the man so hard. You want to see the word coming to pass, my brother and sister? It struck the man so hard when I used that as a type that a man would offer his daughters up to be lusted after and pawed and treated, mistreated and whatever. Struck the man so hard. He said, "I believe what you preached and I want to get baptized. I want to do this." And then there was an argument at the end of service broke out just outside of the door. And uh I asked a brother, "What is this argument about?" And I'm not speaking down uh as it were on the man's wife. But the argument was about that if you accept this and get baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, we will lose every bit of prestige and influence and position that we have in this town. We will lose it all if you go there. I demand that you back up from getting baptized tomorrow. And then I talked to him again for a few minutes and he says, "I'll see you tomorrow, but my brother and sister, we didn't see him tomorrow." And you'll see how it is that come to a place that what they have and their position. Did the prophet not talk about this that they cannot give that up for the gospel? So, we're seeing the timeline of the gospel. These things are being fulfilled. It's coming to pass. It's right before us that people are seeing just like brother Brown talks about the rabbi. He says, "I would be kicked out. I would lose everything if I, you know, agree with this." And and my brother and sister, when it comes to that place, we're seeing these things coming to pass in a very graduated degree. Amen. So, it's there. Amen. Now, it would turn back to Sodom and the messengers would go out and the things would be done just exactly. If that isn't taking place, then don't believe me that I've told you the truth. But if it is taking place, then believe that it's him. In the day the son of man will be revealed. Amen. And the son of man will be revealed in a body of flesh. Look at this. Take the comma, my brother and sister. Put it in there for the space. In a body of flesh, you people. Yes, sir. He's not talking about himself as it were or someone else. He's talking about you people revealed in a body of flesh. You people, the church, just exactly like it was in the days of Sodom. A called out group away from all of them setting out believing the promise of God. Glory. Amen. And I punctuate that with a glory. Amen. That this is happening. Amen. And then the works that the Holy Spirit is doing today by these visions never failing, promises never failing, all the apostolic signs promised in the Bible, Malachi 4 and old, Revelation 10:7, all of that being fulfilled and proved by scientific every other way. Now, my brother and sister, I'm going to just speak a little bit blunt this morning. I hope you don't mind. I don't mean to introduce the negative, but we got people traveling through this land, through Europe, through Africa that are they're setting out to prove that what you believe it is false. But you notice they never have anything true to offer. That's right. All they're doing is trying to draw away with no promise beyond it. Just quit believing. Well, I'll tell you, my brother and sister, I'll be this blunt. That's nothing but a devil in disguise. Amen. And let me paraphrase this or bring this or tie it together that when it's Christ in you, Amen. When God is in you, it is God in disguise in you. Amen. He's not standing there saying, "I'm God." But yet the word says, "Are we not little gods?" Amen. So we have to find our correct understanding of where we're standing in the hour. Because if you want to not believe, that's your right. That's your privilege. You can do that. But I want to know where you're going. What are you reaching out to take a hold of? I'll tell you, there was a ship. It carried the atomic bomb in World War II. Amen. The Indianapolis. And they were there. And after it delivered the uh the bomb, it's traveling back across the ocean, is hit with a torpedo, and it sinks. And my brother and sister, they gave all of these sailors at that time a new latest version of a life preserver. The latest version of the message, this will save you. But what they didn't know is extended time in saltwater. It lost its buoyancy. And many people were grasping for anything to hold on to because they were slowly sinking. And this is the spirit of Leodysia in the hour we live in. People are leaving this gospel. I'm not talking about just putting it at the message, but the true word of God. They're leaving the gospel and they've went out and accepted a new version of something that's going to save them. But Leodysia has waterlogged their savior, their their their security, and they're slowly sinking. And if you don't think so, just do your research and you'll see it's happening everywhere around us that their security is becoming political and it's becoming traditioned and it's becoming all kinds of things. And every bit of that you see the moral decay. You're seeing the gospel decaying before our eyes because they accepted something that was going to save them. It was a lot easier, a lot better that those K-pop uh life preservers were so much lighter, so much more comfortable than the old ones. And and it was there in saltwater, they become water logged and they drowned. And those people in their drowning would grasp for anything. In fact, let me tell you, my brother and sister that they would grasp a halt of another fellow sailor and shove him under trying to get up. That's it. And you look at the spirit of the day we live in. Do people just say, "You know what? I don't believe the message anymore. I'm going to go do my thing." No. They're grabbing someone else, trying to shove them under while they go under. Amen. You recognize that is Satan. Amen. In disguise. Hallelujah. And haven't I told you the truth? These things uh these things would not happen. But if I have told you the truth, they bear record that I've told you the truth. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the manifestation of his spirit is catching away a bride. Amen. The vindication of this word is producing a bride. Not a bigger church, not a not a group, not an organization, a bride. Amen. And I tell you what, nobody would want to get married. Amen. No young lady would want to get married. and and uh you know be standing in in the front of the church with her you know 2 4 6 8 10 whatever seems like this day and age the more the marrier but anyway you know they wouldn't want to be standing there a and you know have one of the bridesmaids say look um you know out loud got to make it public uh if you don't want to marry him I will it's happened before it's on recording you know and they're like what are talking about. She's like, "I've always had a crush on him." Well, I'm telling you, there's a lot of difference between having a crush. That's right. And being in love. That's right. And any man that has any sense about him is not going to marry someone because of a crush. He's going to marry them because he loves. Because the crush will run out at 6:00 a.m. breakfast. Amen. And the crush will run out at dirty, greasy clothes. That's right. Every day. Yeah. You know, but love endures. That's exactly. Amen. And this bride that this word is vindicated to bring forth in this day, my brother and sister, is a bride that in good and bad, in the heart, all the marriage vows for richer, for poor, for sickness, for health, it won't matter to her. She's in love and she has spoken the vows and received it in her heart. And the word is producing that bride. Hallelujah. Amen. His spirit is catching away a bride. Let that faith, let that faith, revelation. Amen. I love commas put in there. The space of time, it's good, my brother and sister. Amen. Jesus still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the manifestation of his spirit, not the spirit of the preacher, not the spirit of the church, not the spirit of the age of of the country or whatever, but the Holy Spirit, his spirit is catching away a bride. Let that faith revelation Right. Absolutely. Fall into your heart. Yes, sir. This is the hour. That's right. That's right. Amen. There is a separation of the wise and the foolish right there. One said this message is true, but it never made it in their heart to say, "This is the hour. This is the hour I must be prepared to meet. Behold, my bridegroom cometh." Amen. And I'm going to go out to meet him. I know I bring it up a lot, but I just love the the the the parallel of it. Amen. That little story about the meat packer's son and the little girl on the ranch. My brother and sister, if she had just accepted that he will come back someday, that carriage would have drove up there and she would not have been prepared. But something registered in her heart and she says, "You know what? He said he'd be back in a year." Amen. and it's coming. And when that hour comes, I will be ready. You won't find me in there frantically sewing my wedding dress. It won't find me in there frantically trying to pack my suitcase. But the hour come, Amen. She didn't know exactly the day, but the hour come. And when the carriage came, she walked out to meet it. Oh Lord, help us. I want to be in that position when he comes. Amen. Just to be able to walk out and meet him. Amen. to recognize by revelation this is the hour. Now the prophet of God speaks about 3 minutes till midnight and um that was a lot of years ago. I was going to look up that time and and um uh the last time that brother Brandham mentions that and I forgot to so forgive me but uh he he's preaching on 3 minutes till midnight and he's talking about how that a countdown is taking place and uh in that if it was 3 minutes till midnight then my brother and sister where are we today? We we time has just ticked away. Amen. The countdown's taking place now. We're in a season right now that the bride's been given by the grace of God a time of preparation. And I say, Lord, this this is our time. Let's not waste our time. Amen. You know, anyone who's ever been an employer, anyone who's ever had employees, you know, when times are really, really good, you know, when the money is flowing and and all the bills are paid and you look over and your employees are leaning against something and they're chatting and laughing, it doesn't bother you. But soon as the time gets tight, when things are are a struggle and you look over and and you see guys, you know, they're and doing exactly the same thing they did many other times, but now it really starts to bother you because they're wasting. You don't say they're wasting their time. No, you say they're wasting my time. That's right. Amen. Now, I want to know, and I'd be guilty of this. I'll just be honest, so I don't think I'm picking on you guys. I I I I'm glad of grace and mercy because I don't know how much time I've wasted the Lord's time, right? I've wasted a lot of it. And we we have to come because you see the clock is ticking down. We're coming to a place we're going to hear one of these days, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh. Go ye out to meet him." Well, you know what? I don't want to be in the back 40 as it were. Forgive my farm language there. I don't want to be in the back bedroom. I don't want to be in the basement when he comes. I want to be right there ready to go out to meet him because you see the clock is ticking down. I think we we all would have to acknowledge or agree with that. And uh so the bride in her time of preparation, she's not just still shopping for cloth. She's turning that cloth into a marriage gown. Amen. And so her countdown is taking place. Now look at the difference, my brother and sister. We can be motivated by the word of God. In other words, reading the word and and that really motivates us. Oh, I got to do something. But could we be honest with ourselves that we are such creatures of habit? How long does it take us to go right back to where we were? I mean, I'll speak to the brothers. Brothers, when you go on a diet, how long does it take us to go back? You know, years ago when I was driving truck, Jerry would tell me, "You know, you're gaining weight." I'd tell her, "You need to get me some bigger pants." And she's like, "You just need to get a smaller body." Uh, and uh, you know, I would leave home with a vow that I was going to eat salads on this trip. Can any of you guess how long that lasted? One dinner. Yeah. First truck stop you'd park at the night, you'd walk in a restaurant and there on the wall was a sign, all you can eat steak and shrimp. Well, it's a little bit spendy, but Man, can I demolish steak taken shrimp. It said nothing about the salad bar. I give not one thought to the salad bar. I went right back to where I was before. Lord, help us. Amen. Lord, give us a permanent moving from our old flesh to come to a place that we can honestly say, I am ready for the coming of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Would you agree with me? Amen. See, wherever you go, whatever you do, God was back there. Those Hebrews, Let me catch where I'm at. Okay, I'm sorry. Jumped down there a little too quick. So, the bride's in her preparation, her countdown. It's not a Godimposed countdown. She believes this by revelation so much that she's going to make herself ready. Right? Scriptural words. She's going to make herself ready. That's not some preacher poking with a stick over the pulpit like I'm poking you this morning. No, you're going to say, "Lord, I'm going to be ready." I mean, could you lift a hand in a heart and say this morning, "Lord, I'm going to be ready. I I am not going to linger over here in the shadows. I am going to be ready. Amen. Amen. Now, in the seven compound names of Jehovah, uh, brother Brandham says this, just think of that that everything in the Old Testament pointed straight to Calvary. All the plans of redemption, all the names, all the symbols, all the worship, all of the tabernacle, all of the wood, all of everything in the tabernacle, everything spoke of Christ. Wherever you go, whatever you do, God was back there in those Hebrew prophets and so forth, speaking and speaking to the time that per that speaking to that time of perfection that Jesus would come to perfect the believer. Amen. Just think of what that means, friends. You see, we're looking at a time, the prophet of God lays this out very clearly, my brother and sister, that there was a time, and he's talking about the ages in the church age book. He's talking about the ages. And he says there's never been an age like this age. Now, everything that culminated through those ages is present here, but there's never been a revealing or an opening of the mysteries. Mysteries, Amen. It's really singular, but but there's many compound components in that. Amen. So, there's never been an opening of the mystery of Jesus Christ like today. Amen. So, what are we looking at? Amen. Bear with me if you would on the interpretation of this. Amen. Is speaking of the time when Jesus would come to perfect the believer. That is this time. Just think of what that means, friends. Amen. We're right here in this time, right now in the perfecting of the believer. Amen. They had the word for their age, but remember, brother Brandham takes it back through that and says now the message for their time, Amen, was for their time. In other words, you know, they can't go back and grab Noah's message, amen, they can't go back and grab Moses's message. And let me just put it really blunt because of what the prophet has showed us very clearly in the word. It will not do for you today to go back and simply grab brother Brham's message. There is revelation. There is the opening of the word. The personal experience that you have with Jesus Christ. Amen. You can't go back as a Pentecostal, as a Baptist, as a Nazarene. You can't go back to that because the word has moved on. The bride is coming into perfection by the word of God. Amen. We're not looking back to see what all of these did and how they did it. But we're looking to the word that has come in this hour. And that word is pulling you and I into perfection. Now, what we've got to do to be pulled into perfection is we've got to surrender. Amen. You can't say, "Well, you know, I I this if this would be if God would do something supernatural." Do you know in my younger years when I I wasn't serving God. Oh, I went to church. See, people get confused. I I shared a little my testimony in South Africa and people like, "Oh, you didn't go to church." No, I went to church every time I could. Yeah. And I wasn't saved. That's it. I didn't have the Holy Ghost. I didn't really believe. That's it. What's it show? We can be religious and lost. That's right. And so it's there, my brother and sister. You see, we go into this and you might be in the house of God, but if you can't receive it, that word, that's right. That's exactly right. You can't take that seed into you. That's it. What do we have? Amen. Always like that. South Africa, I had a brother bring it up. He said, "Brother Paul, you're I was just listening to the prophet and he was talking about this hybrid seed. It can't reproduce itself." And he says, "Do you have any problem in your fields? I mean, does does the the seed the kernels from that hybrid seed will it grow?" I absolutely it'll grow. Yeah, I bet you absolutely it'll grow. And it grows with vigor. Now, get this. This is where the people be like, "Well then, Brother Brown was wrong." No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The first generation that I planted come up big, tall, beautiful plant, big ear. Some of that seed gets knocked off, goes in the soil, comes up, beautiful plant, relatively big ear. Some of that seed goes in the ground, comes up, grows a normal plant and a reasonable ear. By about the fourth generation of that, it's reverted back to what it was before. And why'd they hybrid it? Because they wanted something bigger, more beautiful. And so it reverts back to not the gospel, but denomination spirit. That's right. As it was in the beginning. That's right. You realize that that you know the devil had Cain had a church. Sure did. They had an altar. They had services. Amen. It was all right there. It's right there. What was it though? That spirit. Amen. come got hybrid, produced a big, beautiful church that's headed right back where it came from. That's right. Let me move on. I better move on quickly. John 6:37 to 40. Amen. All that the Father giveth me shall come. See, we get we get worried sometimes. Look, I'm I'm getting more vocal as time goes on. I've got a son that doesn't serve the Lord, but God's God's really working on him. Amen. But we get all concerned about our children and their misbehavior. Well, I don't mean to sound boastful. It's nothing to be boastful about, but there was a time that I would have been considered a poster child of the the prodal or weward son, right? Uh people told my my mom, you know, that yeah, your son left us because he wasn't of us and give no hope. And it caused my mom a lot of bitter tears. But my brother and sister, look at this word. Let's look at it very carefully. All that the father giveth me shall come to me, and him that cometh to me, I will in no wise cast out. Now, you just look at this. Satan's trying to deviate or bring this uh in such a way, but my brother and sister, the word is clicking down. And when the word said, Amen. Well, let me just preach on here. I will know my eyes cast out. For I come down from heaven, not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me. And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me, I should lose nothing. That ought to give us some hope right now. Amen. Maybe, maybe it doesn't. You don't need to have your tears dried. Amen. Maybe you don't need to have a little sorrow taken from you, but it should build a confidence in you that as the clock is ticking down, God's word says, "I will not lose a single one." Amen. Amen. Let us stand on that word and let us confess that and let us pray that and let us praise God for that. It's his promise. And if he can't keep that promise, then what other promises will he not keep? Amen. Amen. We stand on that word and say, "God said it. I believe it." Everyone that has a seed. Now, we're not in control of that seed. We're not in control of nothing. But I tell you what it comes, my brother and sister. I'd rather be found on that day believing. No matter what the circumstance is, let me be found on that day believing. Hallelujah. Amen. He giveth me. Should lose nothing, but should raise up again in the last day. Remember, let me just put this out. And I don't know why I feel led to do this, but you remember there was a family and a a young boy snuck out at night and got in an accident and died and they are troubled. Oh Lord, brother Brandham, our son, what is what happened? I mean, he was a good boy and he's went this other way and now he's died in this accident. And brother Brown says, "Let me pray about it." Yeah. And he comes back to them. Now see, it didn't restore their son. He's gone. Yeah. But brother Brandon comes back to them and said, "I was asking the Lord about your son." And all I saw was light. And some weward preacher would probably say, "Boy, the poor boy backslid and died and I guess he's in hell now." No. It took a prophet to go search it for him. That's right. And God shows him a pathway with light. Now, whose report you going to believe? That's right. You can stand on this and say, "Oh, all is lost. All is lost. Everything is a disaster." Or you can stand on the word and say, "You know what? All that's been given." Amen. That's it right there. Amen. That's it. Is the will of him that sent me that everyone which seeth the son and believeth on him may have everlasting life and I will raise him up in the last day. Now in the sermon uh greater than Solomon is here now. Uh I I like this uh this ties right by the song uh that brother Isaac led us in there uh uh touch me as it did because here we are and greater than Solomon is here now but you know there's something about it if God begins to put a hunger in a human heart there's just nothing going to stand in its way whether there is cooperation or not whether there is anything she has got to find that like I said about the little woman last being persistent and perseverant. See, something gets a hold of you and you get a hold of something. Now, my brother and sister, it's quite the thing, you know, to to to do this and and I don't want to speak out of turn here, but it's one thing, you know, to have a relationship where maybe the wife hugs the husband, but the husband never hugs the wife or vice versa. Amen. The the the taking hold, Amen. conveys something. So we can take a hulse of religion, but when God takes a hold of us, that's it. Amen. There's a difference. Amen. So you get a hold of something. It get a hold of you and you get a hold of something. Like Jacob, the son of God, Jacob, God's son, got a hold of something one night and it got a hold of him. Amen. And he never let it go until he achieved his purpose. Blessed of it. Amen. Now look at the two-way street. I want to just bring this out for a second. The two-way street. Jacob got a hold of the angel. Amen. He's holding on. Says, "I'm not going to let you go." But you realize while they're wrestling, the angel had a hold of Jacob. So, while the scripture shows us very clearly that Jacob was hanging on for a blessing, he knew he needed something, what we have to see is that that angel could have broke away from Jacob at any time he pleased. that Jacob I mean the angel actually had a hold of Jacob. See two ways to look at that. Amen. You can't tell me that a man in his flesh held on to an angel and the angel could not escape what it was. It was necessary to work out his salvation with fear and trembling. The angel had a hold of him while he had a hold of the angel. That's right. Amen. So, it wasn't him like a limp doll rag and the angel hanging on to him. He wanted what the angel had. That's right. And the angel had something he wanted Jacob to have. That's right. Amen. That make sense to you? Amen. Holds of something night. It got a hold of him and he never let it go until he achieved his purpose. Blessed of it. That that's the real thing. And when a man impersonates something, it never works out right. Yeah, that's it. My oh my. But if you can get a hold of that something and that something get a hold of you, it's going to happen. Amen. That's why, my brother and sister, there is no redeeming value in emotion. That's right. Right. We can get so emotional, sobb and cry and get up and walk out of the church or wherever in the same exact position we walked in. Something's got to get a hold of you. Amen. Now, look at this. I like this. Something get a hold of you. It's going to happen. If you come here tonight for healing, let the Holy Spirit get a hold of you and you get a hold of it. You're going to get what you ask for. There's no way of keeping you from it. You come believing that Jesus Christ saves and there is a saving power gets a hold of you and you get a hold to it, you're going to get saved. If you believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit gets a hold of you and he'll baptize you and you get a hold of him, you won't have to move from your seat. He will fill you with his presence right where you are. Amen. Just as he did. That's why we don't need that's why the prophet people say well brother Brandon was against altar call brother Brandon was against the tradition of the altar call of people coming up here and people pounding them on the back and telling them you can do it even to the point they'll sit there and flutter their finger over their lips. Speak it. Speak it. Speak it. Speak it. Speak it. Amen. My brother and sister, that's not God getting a hold of them. That's not the Holy Spirit again. That's a spirit of man trying to get them to get a hold of something. But that something is not God. Amen. And this is what's happened in our day. And I'll just be blunt. It's creeping into the message that we are seeing people promoting the idea that we got to speak in tonesues again. When the prophet of God said we are beyond those days. You want to speak in tonesues or God God leads you to speak in tonesues. You speak in tonesues. Don't hold it back. Just let it go. But to pursue it, my brother and sister, is you laying a hold of something, but it's not laying a hold of you. Amen. Amen. Hopefully, I didn't I didn't offend anybody with those words. Amen. Amen. You get a hold of him, you won't have to move from your seat. He will fill you with his presence right where you are. Just as he did while Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on them that heard it. And something got a hold. Something got a hold of that little Sireh Phohician woman we spoke of last night. And no matter how many hindrances she had, anybody got any hindrances in your life? Come on. Teenagers right on up to the oldest of us, there's hindrances that are out here. Amen. No matter how many hindrance she had, she was still going anyhow. Something got a hold of this little queen we're talking about tonight. Amen. Queen of the South, a pagan, a heathen. So was this little Syphenician, a Greek, a pagan, idol worshipper. Something got a hold of them and they got a hold of something. There's always difficult in the way. Satan throws everything in the way he can. That's it. That's Well, I can't believe they said that. I don't like that, brother. I don't like that preacher. I don't. Come on. That's right. Wake up. That's right. The devil's over here throwing all kinds of stuff out in the road in front of you, just hoping that you'll come to that one thing that you just can't get over. I tell you, there's nothing like preaching a service and have someone come talk to you and tell you, "I got delivered tonight." Praise God, brother. You got delivered tonight. No, I'm talking about something that I have held in my heart for 25 years. And for 25 years I had anger in my heart and that and tonight it's gone. Amen. Amen. My brothers and sisters, imagine 25 years a man faithful in church, a faithful believer as it were of the message and the devil just keep chunking it out in the road in front of him and he can't get over it. So what did he do? stopped right there in the road and then that little almost invisible seed of bitterness started to grow. Yeah, that's it. But God won't lose the one because I'll tell you, there is not a mourner's bench or a critic's bench or a blasphemer's bench in heaven. That's right. Just ain't there. No. So, if you're his, the seed's in you, that's it. You will overcome it. That's exactly right. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. Satan throws everything in the way he can when he sees a real move of God get started. He'll do it to you. Can I Can I point my finger at all of you this morning here? Just He'll do it to you. That's exactly right. He will put something there to keep you from moving forward. Have you ever noticed that when an airplane even a a basically the new modern fighter jets are like a missile with some wings. But you ever noticed that as long as a normal airplane, Brother David would know this very well, you can lock the brakes and run the throttle up enough. Some of these new modern kind of bush style planes, they'll literally parked right there, they will lift the tail. There's so much air moving, but if they don't let their foot off the brake, it's not going anywhere. That's right. That's right. It'll just sit there and roar. Won't do anything. Amen. How many of you, Most of you probably own automatics. How many of you drive with one foot? How many of you drive with two feet? Do you know the bad habit of driving with two feet in an automatic is that you can be stepping on the gas and the brake at the same time and you can do it subconsciously. I I hate to admit this because Sister Jerry's always telling me they didn't teach you right. Well, they taught me right. I just got into false doctrine. But I was so distracted the other day. I come up to a stop sign and the other car went and I took my foot off the brake and the car just jumped out in the intersection. It caught me off guard. I didn't even realize I was sitting there with my foot on the brake and my foot on the gas at the same time. Fortunately, it was Sister Jerry's car so I don't have to worry about it. But but you know, my brother and sister, it won't do you any good. Won't do you any good if you need to go and you got your foot on the brake. It ain't going to do any good. If you need to stop and you got your foot on the gas, it's not going to do you any good. See, God wants us to come and say, "Lord, you want me to go, I'm going to go. I'm not going to put any hindrance in my way before me." Amen. Why? Because we're coming down to the time that God's going to deliver. Going back to what Brother said earlier, a perfect church. She's not going to put on the brake when God says go. And she's not going to go when God says put your foot on the brake. Amen. Why don't we I I've got quite a bit more here. Why don't we just go ahead? Brother Alex, are you playing for us? Amen. Whoever it is. Um going back to the countdown. Um I um I just love that sermon. It's just been such uh such a blessing to me. In the countdown, Brother Bram says, "Lord Jesus, forgive us our our ways. Maybe we'll fail somewhere. Maybe we'll get the message just the way it should be. But father, I pray that where we have made a mistake, that the great Holy Spirit will take the words, wind them around, and fix them into the hearts the correct way that they might understand that's preparation time now. Amen. Let's not just follow a message, my brother and sister. This is preparation time before the going away of the church. Let us all live for that hour, Lord. Live today like it might be today. And if he's not here today, we'll be looking for him tomorrow. Keep our hearts clean. This is I forgot to mention this. I'm sorry. This is a prayer. This is a a prayer brother Brown prays in the service. Let us all live for that hour. Lord, live today like it might be today. If it's not here today, we'll be looking for him tomorrow. keep our hearts clean from sin and selfishness. Keep our hearts clean, our souls undefiled by the blood of Jesus Christ that we might walk with him and live with him forever. And I would say, Lord, let that be our prayer today here as a group of believers. Let us come and and if we fail the Lord just correct us, bring us to a place, but take the words, apply them in our lives that we would be prepared for that if we would just stand. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to draw out of works as faith expressed. I I spoke that earlier. Uh let that faith revelation fall into our your heart that this is the hour. Amen. This is a season not to get caught up in something else. Not to get distracted with everything else, but to stay focused because you see the countdown of the word will not stop because you're distracted. It will not stop because you are preoccupied. It will not stop because you're still trying to figure out who you like and who you don't like, what you like and what you don't like. The clock is ticking. Let us be ready. Amen. I pray the word finds its place to each one of you. Amen. I know a little straightforward this morning, but you know when the Lord lays these things on your heart, you just have to speak them. I don't know. I I try not You guys know this. I try to keep my nose pretty much out of your family. Sometimes I don't even know what my own family is doing because I try to keep my nose out because you see, I want to have the liberty to just preach what God lays on my heart without people thinking, "Oh, he knew that. That's why he preached it. He knew that." No, I'm sorry. Just like I'll put it this way. That's why I I'm removed completely from the tithe of this church. I don't know who pays tithe and who doesn't. I don't know who pays whether it's a dollar or $1,000. And the reason is is because if the Lord lays on my heart and I want to preach about tithe, I don't want to have one single hindrance. You see, when we come in that right correct position, you're not prejudiced of what you preach. You can just follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And I pray today, saints, as we see the countdown, let's be ready. Let's just take all these distractions that Satan throws in our life, let us be ready. Got something you need to set in order? Don't procrastinate. Go set it in order. Got something that's bothered you? Find a place. Get down, pray through, get that swept, clean this slate off. Lord, help us. That's right. Cuz you see, it's very plain and these words are very direct. But you see, what the word says will get us into heaven. But he says that the lust of the flesh and the pride of life and these things without going through the whole list, those things will keep us from and you know those creep into our life [Music] so subtle. That'll be the right one. They just creep in so much. So subtle. Don't condemn yourself. Get deliverance from yourself. Amen. Claim the word. Stand on the word and say, "Lord, cleanse my heart." Amen. Hallelujah. 10:42. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] It is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. Oh, all things are ready [Music] now. The bridegroom I hear. He that hath an ear to hear. The evening time is here. Let's sing it again. Oh, it is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now. That's us. Her Lord to me. Oh, all things are ready [Music] now. A bridegroom I hear, and he that hath an ear to hear the evening time is here. Heavenly Father, Lord, truly as the prophet of God says, we just want to let the word find its correct place. Lord, we're not here to make anyone feel bad or feel like what we're trying to push them down, but Father, just what you've laid on our heart that we'd recognize that we can get so caught up in life, so caught up in the things of life that somehow, Father, we left you at the door. Lord, let us stop and take the time. And when you knock, let us be quick to open. Lord, when you speak, let us be quick to respond. And when you ask us, Father, let us say yes, Lord. Father, for the age we live in is Satan's Eden, but we are not of Satan's Eden. We're passing through it. Let us not stop. Amen. And try to build something here in Satan's Eden. Let us continually follow your word. And as your word leads us forth, Lord, we won't find our address. Route one, Sodom. But we will find ourselves there in the streets of glory, praising our Lord, our Savior, our King, our bridegroom. Lord, we'll find ourselves in our right position worshiping before the throne on the Sea of Crystal. Lord, lifting our voices in praise. There'll be no weariness, no sorrow, no pain. There'll be no distraction in that day, Father, Lord, that we can worship you for eternity. Again and again and again singing praises to your name, Lord. That's what we should look for. Let that be our vision, Lord. For truly the clock is winding down. Lord, help us. I pray each one today to be ready when we hear that voice say, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh." Lord, I want to be able to change those words and say, "Behold, my bridegroom cometh." Lord, let us stand upon that. We ask this in the name of Jesus Christ. And may every need, Father, be presented to you from faithful, sincere hearts that our motives would be pure. And Lord, you said you would be quick to answer and faithful to answer. Now let us come faithfully and correctly to you. Hallelujah. 872. Amen. [Music] Somebody's going to have to help me. and all within the presence of the Lord. The memorialism of the aesthet Peace subside. A living [Music] sacrifice. My hope is in the Lord. All this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun. To meet the sinner in his brokenness. To offer healing and [Music] forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and never more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My trust, my trust is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my trust is in the Lord forever more. Amen. [Music] Amen. I couldn't help but no. Oh, maybe y'all can hear me. I'll talk loud. I couldn't help but think about um you know a countdown usually a lot of excitement around that right ribbon cutting rocket taking off new years anybody here excited about our countdown blessed be the rock amen Amen. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy. worthy to be praised. by the Lord for me. Blessed be God. Blessed be God. Blessing. Blessing be. Glory. Glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. [Applause] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosanana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, but gy is his name for he provideth all my need. [Music] Jehovah Gyra is his name for he provideth all my need. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Shine. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Amen. Amen. I'd like to sing uh as we dismiss this a afternoon. Yeah. Afternoon. It's after noon. Amen. Uh our God is tremendous. [Music] Amen. When I'm in need, call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. He will forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. Strength never failth. He'll go through a fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Come down from glory and gave us the victory. Greatest love [Music] story. When trouble Jehovah ny a great enforcer God Almighty will fight battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Victory will come now you think it should Jehovah loves a paradox in your position help miracles in action. Our God is tremendous. Strength never failth. It'll go through a fire just to save a sinner. If he is almighty, he sends his angels to guide me. No storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from glory gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Amen. Hallelujah. I don't think I've ever sang that second verse. Not that I remember. Amen. Our God is tremendous. Hallelujah. God bless you. Be with you this week. Take the name of Jesus with you. Amen. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music]
