################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - June 25, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett  God's Achievement #3 - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-25
Title:    June 25, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett " God's Achievement #3"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b45CjClsUCU
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you friends. Um why don't we start the service and sing number 522. What a friend we have in Jesus. 522. What a friend we have in Jesus. [Music] all our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear. [Music] All because we do not care. everything to God in prayer. Have we trials and temptations? [Music] Is there trouble anywhere? We should never be discouraged. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Oh, can we find a friend so faithful? [Music] Who will all our sorrows share? Jesus knows our every weakness. [Music] Take it to the Lord in prayer. Are we weak and heavy laden? Come with the Lord of care. Preious Savior, still our reuge. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Do thy friends despise, forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer. [Music] In his arms he'll take and shield thee. and thou wilt find a soul is there. Amen. Let's go to number 480. [Music] He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day he's coming back to me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. And number 82, please. It's the key of F. [Music] Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Oh, I thank you. Thank you, Lord, for setting me free. Once I was lost, but now I'm found. Now my soul is heaven bound. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. One more time. Oh, I thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. I thank you. Thank you Lord for setting me free. For once I was lost but now I'm found. Now my soul is heaven bound. Thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. Amen. And why don't we stand together as we prepare for um the prayer. We'll sing number 597. I must tell Jesus all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone in my distress. He kindly will help me. He ever loves and cares for his own. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. [Music] I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. And I must tell Jesus all of my troules. He is a kind, come, compassionate friend. If I but ask him, he will deliver. take of my trles quickly and end. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. temped and try. I need a great savior. One who can help my burdens to bear. [Music] I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Heal all my cares and sorrows will share. Let's sing verse four. Oh, how the two evils me. Oh, how my heart is temped to sin. I must tell Jesus and he will help me over the world the victory to win. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. [Music] I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Um ask brother David if you could pray for these needs. Um Sister Jerry writes, "Please remember sister, is it Heather Karpa?" Sister Heather Karpa in prayer for healing and for her unsaved loved ones who are with her. So for our salvation, for Lord's perfect will and uh also those traveling uh let's remember the pashant sister Aona and their baby Isaac and uh those who are joining on the stream. Let's remember them in prayer and uh sister April, sister Alice and uh also sister Sue. Amen. And uh sister Rachel and I will be heading out and uh we'll be traveling for a couple weeks. So just praying for traveling mercies for David. [Music] Thank you for this. Let's bow our heads before him. Our heavenly father, there may be few in what the world would say few in number here tonight, but Lord, where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst. Lord, we can do nothing in our own selves if we would just give it to you by prayer and let you take it. We are more than victors. We don't take these things, Lord. We take it upon ourselves and we in our own selves can do nothing. But Lord, help us. Give us grace to remember we didn't bring ourselves into this earth. It's certain we can do nothing but we have an absolute and that's your word. You're waiting us upon us to bring it to you and put the word in action. Lord, we just are not here by chance tonight. We are here to receive from you. We are here to go forward from here and apply the word as you told us to. Lord, forgive us where we've aired and failed. Now, Lord, we bring these needs before you, those traveling, our brother Alex, his wife traveling for a couple weeks, Sergey and their family. Lord, others on the road. We don't even know what the next breath takes, but we have committed the breath to you, the deeds to you, the actions to you. You're the answer. You have every thing we have need of already provided. Let us just take a hold of it. And Lord Jesus, you've given us a perfect word. And we also are asking you also Lord to take care of this sister Heather healing and needs of the families. [Music] Oh mighty eternal God, open your word to our hearts. Make it known to us by revelation we pray. We commit these things to you now and for thy service and thy purpose. May we leave here as you are in our midst to speak to us to commune with us. Help us Lord. We need thee every moment. In thy name we ask these things the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And you may be seated. [Music] Let's sing number 590. [Music] Pass me not, oh gentle Savior. [Music] Hear my humble cry. While on others thou art called, [Music] do not pass me by. Saveior, [Music] Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Let me at the throne of mercy. Find a sweet relief. healing there in deep [Music] help my unbelief. Saveior, [Applause] [Music] Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Trusting only in thy merit. Would I seek thy face? Heal my wounded, broken spirit. Save me by thy grace. Saveior. Saveior. Hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Thou the spring of all my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? whom heaven. Oh Savior, [Music] Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. One more time. Saveior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Amen. As brother Paul comes number 680. All to Jesus I surrender all to him I freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. [Music] All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasure all forsaken. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all and all to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior. Holy thine. Let me feel the Holy Spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Go all to Jesus. I surrender, Lord. I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessings [Music] fall on me. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all. [Music] All to thee, my blessed savior, I surrender all. The chorus one more time. That's where the Paul comes. I surrender all. I surrender all [Music] to thee my blessed savior. Bless you, brother Alex. Appreciate you. Okay. Amen. And it's good to be here tonight. Amen. As we just come, I just am very thankful the Lord's so good to us and everything that we have. We had so many good reports from family camp. I just uh many many of the uh brothers and sisters that come to visit uh just reported that they were so blessed and Lord willing they would like to return and um we're very blessed to have brother Barry and Sister Becky with us and and um I I took it as not really a compliment to us as individuals or church but brother Barry said you know this was a blessed time and if I was you, I wouldn't change a thing. And uh so I I took that as quite a compliment as it were and uh happy to have had that lovely time to fellowship together with all of all of the brothers and sisters that come from around the country and Canada. Amen. So let's just stand and go right into our deal. I'd like to speak. Thank you, brother Alex, sister. Amen. uh we just uh go right into Psalms 118 verses 1-19 and um uh kind of a lengthy scripture reading but we just um take our thought from this speaking once again uh uh part three on God's achievement and we look through the ages and see all that the Lord has achieved. Amen. all that he has done. And uh just reading in my Bible there uh and uh you know how the Lord just said, you know what, Israel, you're going to dwell in another land. You're going to be there. He lays out all the circumstances. And uh it just reminded me if we can just simply look at the promise that he gave us. Amen. That should have been enough. When we come out of the trial, when we come out of that deal, if we just look to the promise and hold to the promise, then all of the circumstances can just disappear because the promise has to be fulfilled. God's going to fulfill his promise in our life. And Satan, he's doing his very best. Just reading today, the prophet of God said, "Satan's there to disrupt everything he can disrupt until he can't disrupt it any longer." Amen. And when he's bound by the word, Amen. which is you and I today. Amen. When he's bound by the word, then he quits disrupting. And and I I just thought it just really touched me, you know, cuz it seems like every time like, you know, we have a great camp uh have great services, you know, the devil, he just wants to rush in and quench the fire. But praise God, there's a little lick of fire that remains and it's building greater and greater. Amen. Psalms 118 1-19. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord for he is good. Can we say amen? Amen. because his mercy endureth forever. Let Israel now say that his mercy endureth forever. Let all the saints of grace tabernacle say his mercy endureth forever. Let the house of Aaron now say that his mercy endureth forever. Let them now that fear the Lord say that his mercy endureth forever. I called upon the Lord in distress. The Lord answered me and set me in a large place. The Lord is on my side. I will not fear. What can man do unto me? Let's read verse six together. The Lord is on my side. I will not fear. What can man do unto me? The Lord taketh my part with them that help me. Therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me. It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man. Can we say amen? It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes. All nation compass me about, but in the name of the Lord will I destroy them. They compass me about, yay, they compass me about, but in the name of the Lord I will destroy them. They compass me about like bees. They are quenched as the fire of thorns. For in the name of the Lord, I will destroy them. Amen. Now, we don't speak these words to individuals, right? We're not looking to do, but we're speaking about the kingdoms. Amen. That Satan turns everything that he turns against the bride of Christ will be destroyed. Amen. The word will overcome every bit of it. Even though right now it seems like a very hard, bitter trial. Amen. God promised I'll destroy it. Amen. Hallelujah. Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall, but the Lord help me. The Lord is my strength and song and has become my salvation. The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous. That means he's here tonight. Saints, the right hand of the Lord doth valiantly. The right hand of the Lord is exalted. The right hand of the Lord doth violently. I shall not die but live and declare the works of the Lord. The Lord hath chasen me sore. Can somebody say amen on that? Amen. But he hath not given me over unto death. Open to me the gates of righteousness and I will go unto them and I will praise the Lord. Amen. And I believe today, tonight, we can say that the gates of righteousness have been opened to us. Amen. He has not brought us here. He has not brought us to die. Amen. To pass away. Not given us over into death. And I do believe in the study of the word that this is speaking to the believer would be the second death. Amen. That's separation from God. He has not given us over into separation. He has corrected us. Amen. Let me reiterate this. He has corrected us and it has been uh chasened us till we you might say are sore. It might be just in our spirit but the correction is so strong is so direct but he has not given us over to eternal separation. Can we say thank you Lord tonight. Heavenly father bless the word. Bless this time together. Lord, encourage us for the gate to righteousness has been opened and we are walking through it into your presence. Father, we're walking through it, guided by your Holy Spirit, strengthened by your word. Lord, we thank you for that. Lord, bless each and every one those who are not here traveling, whatever might be in their lives. Lord, we ask you to bless them. Father, now guide us tonight. We ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I want to make emphasis again on those verses 17, 18, and 19. I shall not die, but live and declare the works of the Lord. It's not just about us living, my brother and sister, but we're actually called what God called us to do, not just to come and live out a life and and try to, you know, hopefully be victorious and live a good life, but we are called to declare the works of the Lord. Amen. That's why we are living epistles read of all men. And you know, sometimes I just have to be straightforward with you. Sometimes I don't want certain chapters or pages of my life to be read by someone else. But you know, the Lord corrects us and he comes and he brings us to that place that once again, as though we were a scribe, we are writing a living epistle and it will be read of all men. And I've shared with you before uh the little circumstances of of everyday life when you don't react right and and the Lord leads you to apologize to people and they are shocked that you are apologizing because to them that seemed like normal behavior. That's just what people do under the pressure and the stress. But you see because the Lord is correcting us by his holy spirit. And the prophet of God shows us, brother Brandham shows us very clearly that when the Holy Spirit moves upon us, don't push that away. Don't reject that. But if he moves upon us to be humbled, to uh correct it, to apologize, that we just we just follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit because the our flesh sometimes is just like, well, it's just the worst enemy I have. Amen. We'd like to blame the devil as being our worst enemy, but my brother and sister, my flesh is my worst enemy. And so, you know, but uh uh verse 17, I shall not die. Amen. I'll not have this. I believe as we look at this in a spiritual context, I will not be separated from the Lord. Amen. But I'm going to live and declare his works. And verse 18, the Lord hath chasened me sore. I wouldn't want to see a raise of hands today, but I believe each and every one of us would have to say there's been that time in our life or times. It would be plural, I'm sure, that God has corrected us and he's come, you might say, forcefully. He's put it right in our face that we have to humble our heart and bow our heads and say, "Lord, I'm sorry." Amen. The correction is there. But you know, every son or daughter of God that is not corrected, well, my brother and sister, the season comes that God then brings us. And it's just that much more difficult when we try to push those things down the road in front of us. It's just that much more difficult. And this why the prophet of God said, "When the Holy Spirit moves upon us, just let us repent quickly. Let us be, you know, apologize or whatever very quickly." Amen. That we can then just clear that and that the Lord hath chasened me sore, but he's not given me over to separation from him. Amen. He didn't come, you know, we see this through the years and I was talking with a brother just recently, not at camp, but another conversation. And how it is through the years, you know, something gets brought up. Oh, brother so and so used to be my friend. And you know, curiosity a very powerful thing. And it's like, well, why is he no longer your friend? Well, we disagreed over doctrine. And so, you see how Satan would use something like that. Now, my brother and sister, the the doctrine difference might be a a very strong difference, but you see, we don't have to end a friendship because we see the picture differently. And even, you know, in marriage, we don't have to always get everyone in the family to see it like we see it. But God would bring, he promised to bring us to all truth. So even in that realm, he will come and reconcile things and put them in the right place. And I trust you can say amen to that, too. But we as humans like to be right. And God will correct us when we're thoughts are right in our own eyes. That's what the word says, right in our own eyes. We want to be right in his eyes. Amen. We want our spirit to align with his spirit. We want our doctrine to align with his doctrine. Amen. And as I've said from this pulpit many times to say again, they say, "Well, I'd rather have the right spirit and the wrong doctrine than to have the right doctrine and the wrong spirit." But the bride of Jesus Christ will have the right spirit and she will have the right doctrine. Amen. We don't have to decide one or the other. But God is leading us into all truth. Amen. So, it's wonderful, isn't it? Even though correction can be painful, I'm so glad tonight the Lord has not given up on us. My brothers and sisters, if we were of the human behavior, then we would have been forsaken long ago. He would have just simply said, "Enough is enough." Amen. But his mercy endureth forever. Amen. When you read that scripture, it just makes my heart melt. I I literally get tears in my eyes to realize that his mercy endureth forever. Amen. Not for a season till I'm tired of dealing with you, but his mercy is there as a constant supply to us, covering us by his blood. Amen. Verse 19. Open to me the gates of righteousness and I will go into them and I will praise the Lord. Now my brother and sister, we can study. I've been looking at these things about uh uh religion and what a religious is. It's a covering and and you know often times we we just see how that really religion is a covering. you know that that we can have our own failures of humanity in this flesh and as long as we apply a liberal dose of religion, it seems as though that is covered. But God said that whatever is done in secret will be made known openly. And and we see how that God comes and says, "I don't want you to put on a cloak. I don't want you just to put on a robe of of this to cover up. You know, uh I was reading a little bit of English history and uh this has been back a little bit cuz I was curious where did the tie come from? And and you know in some culture the tie was actually a large uh h a tablecloth hanky uh napkin. That's the word that was just uh taken and and hung by a string around the neck. And then people started as humans are to have more flowery and fancy or nicer and some wanted to be separated from the common people. And so they started to have very expensive ones. And and then they started to tailor them. And other sources say it was just merely a a used to be a fluffy flowery thing around the neck and and for decoration and it just morphed into it. But regardless of what it is, it exists today. But my brother and sister, they also used it to cover up food stains. Amen. It was also there to hide. And some cultures used the backside. Amen. To wipe their mouth. And then they covered it and it still looked good except for the stain was then transferred to their shirt or blouse. And you see my brother and sister in that realm how that humanity is constantly trying to hide the stain that is on their life. We we don't want the stain to be seen by our brothers and sisters. We don't want the stain to be seen by those around us. But God said, "You know what? Just let me wash you with the water of the word. Just let my blood come over you. And every stain that there is on your life will then be just washed whiter than snow. You you don't have to try to cover the stain. You can have the stain removed. Amen. And I just think about the beauty of that. And the Lord, look at this now. I hope you don't mind me taking and morphing as it is the scripture here just a little bit. Open to me the gates of righteousness. And that's what the Lord has done to you and I tonight when he brought this revealed word of the hour to you and I. You could hear as you start to listen to the word and it starts to change your life. You can hear the gates creaking as the gates of righteousness have opened to us that we're no longer just covering our sin and our problems. But God is revealing and bringing them open. And here it is. Sometimes he chasens us sore. But that is the opening of righteousness to us to deal with the things that we need to deal with. And our human ideas, our human approach is, "Oh, I I don't want my flaws to be revealed." But let's face it, as sons and daughters of God, I would say, "Lord, let me have it revealed right here and not before your throne. And I would rather, as it is, face some kind of shame on the earth today, right here, that people around me might say they're going through a trial. They're going through a struggle. They're dealing with things. I say, "Praise the Lord. He's dealing with us. He's correcting us. And it might be sore. It might be painful, but I would rather have the pain here than there. I would rather hear the words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." because at that point we'll never remember the pain. Amen. Of correction. But God is such an awesome God. And and he take these words open to me. Now David, a man after God's own heart, would have a list of flaws. You might say proverbial the old phrase a mile long. But because of his approach to God just to this here even he's saying open to me the gates of righteousness and I'll think about going through. No, open the gates and I will. Amen. Can we say it together? I will. Amen. It's not that he opens the gates and we'll have to ponder how will it affect my life. But there's something within us as the gates of righteousness. And do you believe today that the gates have been opened to us? Amen. God has opened the gates and we are going through. I say thank you Lord. Amen. That you are so gracious to us and I will praise the Lord. You know we talk about I'll praise him in the good times and I'll praise him in the hard times. But I tell you my brother and sister, it takes a real revelation from God to praise him in the hard times. It takes something beyond just human ability. We can mouth the words. We can sing the songs, but I'm talking about from the heart. Then God would come and in the most difficult moments of our lives, we could stop and say, "The gates's been opened. I'm walking through it and I will praise my God." Amen. In these times right here, I'm going to give thanks to him. Amen. I'm going to give praise to him. And even when I don't feel like it, it don't look like it. It doesn't feel like it, my brother and sister, to the point that we would wonder, "What am I doing?" We stop. Let's think about what God is doing. He's open these gates to us. Not everyone the gates are being opened, my brother and sister. Not everyone is getting this uh you might say, grand opportunity to walk through the gates of righteousness. This is not the gates of the church. This is not the gates of wealth. This not the gates of prosperity gospel. This is not the name it, claim it gate, my brother and sister. This is the gate of righteousness. And those that are righteous, there will be few, the scripture tells us, that will walk through that gate. And I think tonight we ought to give a little praise to the Lord that he's invited us to be there to walk through that gate of righteousness that the word is correcting us, keeping us on. Now think about these things in our life. It's a very narrow way. Amen. And the scripture says it's not going to be crowded. No matter how painful this is, it will be worth That's right. being on that way. Amen. And walking through that gate. Amen. Now, I was just listening to brother Brandham on the wings of a snow white dove and he's talking about how it begins with the water. Amen. And we understand that brother Brandham says there's kind of a silence of pause on the tape. So even the congregations that brother Brandham was preaching to sometimes would have to stop and digest what he was really saying. And then brother Brandham because there's a kind of a silence of pause there, he says, "I thought you would get that." And then he goes on to talk about how it starts. And it starts in the water, my brother and sister. John was in the water with the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And there, you might say, was the start. Yes, sir. Amen. And with you and I, it's here. Water baptism. We understand that there's the start. Now, this is not brother Brandham's words, but I'll put it this way. Just jumping in the word water and having words spoke over you is not what it's about. Amen. We have to have the correct baptism, the correct start. And I like the phrase, you know, uh what all starts well ends well. And and uh I like that because often times in my flesh, I I tend to start things and I look back and realize I didn't start it as well as I thought I did. You know, like when you're done, say, remodeling a house and you wished this was this and this was that and you'd left this out or you had added this. And so at that point, you look back and realize didn't really start as well as I thought I would did. If I could change this, this doorway would be a little bigger. this doorway be in a little different spot or you understand what I'm saying? And that isn't that really kind of the story of our life. We think we are starting off okay, but there's only one solution to these things and that is to walk through the gates of his righteousness. Amen. Now, brother Brown says here in the seventh church age, Philadelphiaian church age, uh he says right here, uh Israel used to take the red heer and sacrifice her upon the altar for the remission of sins. For a year, the sins of the guilty one was covered. Now, I would like to just, if you don't mind, preach through this just a little bit. Imagine now I forgot my phone. I was going to use it for an example because those of you who are techsavvy, which probably this isn't as complicated as I can, but I fail all the time to get it to work. And that is you could move out, you know, and set or mark a a date or put something on the calendar. Okay, imagine now that brother Paul's got got his calendar here. I've just brought my sacrifice and my sins are covered. And then as I step out, I pull out my phone and I mark 364 days. My sins are covered for 364 days. All is well. I'm going to live this year. On the 364th day, I need to go get a sacrifice and I need to go back and visit the priest. You see, the prophet of God lays this out that that it's there. Uh it couldn't take away the desire. See, it it just didn't take it away. And see, the thing is now I please pardon me. I I think it just needs to be said straight. We have to be careful that we are not falling into the trap of just feeling like it's covered, but the desires are still there and we still have the human nature that's coming forward and all that we are. And I'm going to let you judge yourself on that. Amen. I'm not going to preach to you about what your shortcomings are and your failures are and what an attitude and atmosphere and all those things. I'm not going to preach to you on that. You preach to yourself. Is that a deal? Amen. And so in that, look at this. See, it doesn't take away that because it was not a perfect offering. And so it was a shadow until the real came along. And I need to ask you, did the real come? Amen. We're not sitting here today looking backwards. Amen. The real is right here tonight in our midst. Amen. In fact, the word says he's in us. The real one is right here. And it's right here in us. And so the we got to remember that that uh this anointing is still with us. We're just trying to cover. Pretty straightforward, isn't it? But we don't want to get caught up now. We'll go on here. It was a shadow until the real came. So each year the man would sacrifice and each year come back because he still had the same desire to sin. Now remember my brother and sister, I want to make this emphasis that sin is not always going out and doing something evil. Sin is unbelief. And so sometimes it could come in our life that simply we're holding back from taking 100% possession of a promise of the word for our life. Amen. We can come and say, "You know what? I know what the atmosphere I know what the experience of the Holy Spirit is." But Satan's going to come in and anoint us to fall short of letting the Holy Spirit have complete leadership. Do you know what I'm talking about? Amen. That's the human reaction and action coming forth and welling up. Amen. And that's why my brother and sister prophet of God basically shows us our worst enemy is us. Amen. And I say the devil's outside the church crying because he's getting blamed for things that we ourselves are in control of. Lord, help me. Yes. I'm not preaching to you tonight. I'm preaching to myself. Lord, help me. Amen. Amen. That we would come and realize that the worst enemy is us not surrendering That's right. to the word. That's right. Amen. And it's it's not this out here, you know, my brother and sister. I it's us allowing another gate to be opened. You know, I'll give you a natural example. Sister Jerry and I flew into Doulas one time. Our whole flights were delayed from the minute we got on a plane in Boisee. They couldn't get an overhead bin to to latch. The latch broke. And and uh one of the steartesses says, "Let's just tape it shut." And the other one said, "I don't think that's allowed." An hour and something later, a mechanic got on the plane with good old guess what? Duct tape. Duct tape. And tape the door shut. So now we've lost an hour and something and literally we end up at Doulus a and our flight we're going to South Africa and our flight everything is messed up and we come up here and we landed at one of those islands out there and as we're there they said, "Well, you get on the bus and one will take you here, one will take." We come up and we ask the man, "Sir, this is the gate. Which end of the terminals is this gate?" And the man says, "Just get on this bus and then proceeds to take us to the farthest end of the airport." And then we run. And it wasn't just us. There's a little short-legged lady that was there on the thing. Needed to get on the same and and she's just like, I think I'm having a heart attack. But they did hold the plane for us and ultimately we come on and everybody scowlled as we went to our seat. They looked at us. But you see my brother and sister, it's there that we'll find distractions. And I remember finally sitting down in my seat and I'm like these and I won't say the word because my wife doesn't like me to say the word but it comes out of my mouth too often. It's s t u p. Anyway, you know what I'm and I was just kind of fuming. Why couldn't the man just tell us to get on that bus? And then later I decided he doesn't care what bus I get on. It's not his problem. His job is to drive here and stop and you get off the bus. And to drive here and stop and people get off the bus and drive here. Oh, I don't want to be too repetitious, but that's his job. All he's got to do is be qualified to drive the bus. And he doesn't care about some poor guy getting on the bus and off. And that's Satan. He doesn't care to send you to the wrong end, to the wrong gate, to the wrong place. Doesn't care about your reaction. Doesn't care if you catch the flight, whether you are blessed or angry. He doesn't care. He's just doing his job. Amen. See each year a man sacrificed. Each year he come back because he still had the same desire. The life of the animal atoned for his sin. But being animal blood that was shed and animal life that was given, it could not come back upon the man. If it had come back, it still would not have availed. It wouldn't not have done the job. It wasn't sufficient. Okay, let's move forward. But when Christ, the perfect substitute, was given and his blood was shed, then the life that was in Christ came back upon the repentant sinner. And that life being the perfect life of Christ, sinless and righteous, then the guilty one could go free for uh for he had no desire to sin. Now, I want you to look at this, my brother and sister. Why this makes me happy? Because I don't care what your week was like. I don't care what your month was like. The perfect blood of Jesus Christ has covered you. And you can stand here now and come freely before the Lord Jesus Christ without one mark, one mar, without one strike against you. And we would say, "But I I don't know. I I did this." Amen. Can anyone tonight lift a hand and say, "I did this." Amen. You know, the devil just uses that. Oh, don't you can't take communion cuz you said this or you did this. My brother and sister, the perfect blood has come and all we've got to do is say, "Lord, please wash me. Cover me with that." And it's settled. Amen. We're washed with it. But look how Satan can take it. I've done it a lot myself, saints. We'll take a little something in our life and we'll let the devil pump that thing up until it is absolutely a giant in front of us. And then we feel like we are too unworthy to even approach God. Amen. To even come and say, "I'm sorry." It just seems like too daunting of a task. And Satan's over there just pumping that thing up just as hard as he can and it's getting in our way. We can't see beyond that. when beyond that is the very word that has already, can I say it again, already delivered us is right there beyond Satan's veil that he's trying to cloak from your sight. Amen. It's a It's a perfect plan. Satan's got Amen. Amen. The life being perfect life of Christ, sinless and righteous, and the guilty one to go free, for he had no desire to sin. The life of Jesus had come back upon him. That is what is meant in Romans 8:2. The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. Now my brother and sister, we can offer up and say, "But I I was I wasn't sinless or I I did say this or I did do this or I did think this or I did take this physical action." But I want you to understand the prophet himself lays a very clear picture that God said you never did it in the first place. Can someone say amen today that we never did it in the first place? The only memory that we're recounting that's holding us back is Satan's image he's projecting to you to keep you from moving forward in the word. And he's so good. You know, the military now has such incredible they still have it under wraps, you might say. They have incredible cloaking ability. So much so there is uh videos that are released that looks like a a literally it looks like just a hallway in a building on this video. And what it is is a perfect picture of that hallway. But behind that, there are men walking in this demonstration. Men walking back and forth and side to side in this hallway. But all you see it just looks like a hallway. Now, let's turn that around. Satan projects to you and I. He's cloaking the truth and he's projecting that you failed here, you failed there, you failed this, you failed that. And we are standing there. But the reality behind his cloaking is the fact that the pure blood of Jesus Christ has already wiped all of that out and we can go free. Amen. That we are free from the law of sin and death. Amen. I like that. Amen. God isn't cloaking it. He's wiping it out. It's not there to be hid. It's absolutely completely removed. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. But the Jews back there in the time of Jesus did not want to accept that sacrifice. You realize humanity today, there's still a there's a still a a Pharisee type spirit in the land. Sadducee type spirit in the land. Not going to accept that sacrifice. Just not going to go there. The blood of bulls and goats made nothing perfect. It was once God's ordained method. See, we've got to we this is why I I I don't want to uh deviate from this, but this is one of the examples of why we have a progressive message. This is not us moving away from the prophet, which is what some say that that you know, you're trying to do. You're leaving the prophet behind. But my brother and sister, the prophet of God so clearly showed us that this bride, he even declares there'll be young men that would come forth and minister this message. You know, I'm paraphrasing this part. By the revelation of this prophetic word that's come, young men are going to rise up and they're going to preach this message to the coming of the Lord. Now, did he want us to just parrot what brother Brandham said? Is that what he's talking about? Just parrot what I said? No, my brother and sister, because the prophet of God said, I'm preaching what Paul's preaching. But he didn't just read Paul's words exactly every single time, but he was preaching the revelation that come forth and saw a prophet. Brother Brandham says that there is going to be young men that are going to rise up and they are going to have the revelation of what I have brought which was a a restored word there and they're not going to have a revelation. Brother Brandham said we use that as a reference but it's not the revelation of brother Brandham said but it's a revelation of restored word and as we speak the restored word whether the words match exactly to brother Brandham's as long as they match the spirit of truth. Amen. God blesses that and it goes forth and people then by revelation are growing spiritually which is what God is wanting from us is is spiritual growth. Amen. So it was once God's ordained method, but now Christ having appeared in the flesh by the shedding of his own blood has put away sin and by that offering of himself has made us perfect. Now look at this. If you'd go back, Brother Ivan, real quick. Amen. Now look at this once again. I want to put clarity. Having put away sin, having put away unbelief. Amen. That's the really the ultimate sin. Brother Brandon bundled all these. The rest are just attributes of unbelief. So here it is. Look what God's doing in our life. Can we can we acknowledge that God is doing something incredible in our life? It's not lightning. It's not thunder. We don't need all these things just shake and do whatever. But what's happening is he's taking and putting away our unbelief. He's putting it behind us. And as he puts it behind us, we're taking a step forward into greater faith, into a greater position of the word. And I see the word. And not only do I see the word, I see it in me. And I see it in my brother and my sister. I see it in the bride of Christ. I see this word. This revelation of Jesus Christ is being uh brought forth. It's coming forth. Just like a bride comes forth in the ceremony of the doors being opened. Amen. and coming out and and she's then revealed, amen, of who she is. Amen. The words coming to this bride and the doors of righteousness have been opened and it's revealing who she is. I say I get excited about that. Amen. Having appeared in the flesh by the shedding of his own blood has put away sin and by that offering of himself has made us perfect. Now you have to decide whether that perfect is still to be manifested or whether the seed of perfection is already in you. Amen. If your name's already on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. If you are already ordained and God said, "I know who are my sheep." Amen. And they know my voice. Amen. That to me says the seed of perfection's already in us. It's just being watered by the water of the word. So while I say continue to strive diligently pressing to the mark of the high calling, when we make mistakes, don't say, "I must not be it because that sure wasn't perfect." But look to the promise. That's it. Don't look to circumstance. Look to the promise. Amen. Imagine Abraham and Sarah there in the tent on the plains of Mamry. Now Sarah murmurs in her heart. Now remember this is not a verbal conversation that Sarah goes, "Man, that ain't going to happen." It was something that was spoken in her heart. And imagine now every day waking up with this promise in front of you. We're going to have a baby. Sarah's already expressed. I don't think so. Do you realize what she had to overcome? Something that was already ingrained in her. Something that was already registered deep down in her where she's like, "Me in my old age. Have pleasure." Amen. In other words, a natural human action taking place. But I'm going to have pleasure with my Lord. No, you see, but God said it and God brought it to pass. But in that, regardless of Sarah's position, the Holy Spirit, Brother Bram says, is a gentleman, he did not force Sarah to accept it. But something was happening in Sarah. all those years. Now, let me just put a scenario to you. Maybe at the moment that it come to pass, Sarah had finally caught revelation. That's it. It took all those years for that to be revealed in her where she said, "I believe." had he right good example said in her heart that's nothing but the truth amen it was there it manifests itself could we be Sarah that it's taking time for us to reach out and fully accept what God has said about you and I Sarah my she didn't get washed up tossed away. My brother and sister, God just allowed the word, his promise to continue to work on her until the moment that it was realization. It moved from just words to reality. That's right. Amen. I don't know, just a thought if you don't mind me saying that. Put away sin. That offering of himself has made us perfect. Okay. So this is quite a lengthy quotations. I hope you don't mind. The Jews would not take that. But what about that Philadelphiaian age? This what he's preaching on the Philadelphiaian age and the other ages too. Whoa. It's now included Leodysia. Did they really accept this reality in Christ? No, sir. Even though Luther brought forth the truth of justification, the Roman church and its Eastern counterpart, the Orthodox Church, still clung to works. Now, works are fine, but they don't save you. Amen. Look, brother and sister, how often we have heard these things about works, and I think there's a little bit of root of that still clinging to us that I've, oh, I did this. I've got to somehow erase that. I thought this or whatever and I need to this and I I need to this and I need to this. Amen. I think Okay, just accept it as opinion tonight. I think this spirit is still hanging around and it is still present in the message. Yeah. That we are thinking we got to do something. Oh my brother and sister, we do only believe. That's the something we've got to do. Amen. Amen. It still clung to works. Now works are fine but they don't save you. They don't make you perfect. It is Christ or perish. It is not even Christ and works. It is Christ alone. This age began the years of Armenianism that does not believe in Christ as the reality. It does not sing nothing but the blood for it sings nothing but the blood and my own. Oh, look at this. Come on saints. my own conduct. Oh, you know, my conduct didn't quite pass the conduct test and so therefore I must be messed up. No, I tell you, my brother and sister, when God called you, he provided everything you need and I need to make the rapture. Amen. That's not quite the exact words, but it in context is exactly what brother Brandham said. Amen. That what we need to make the rapture has already been. So let's get this idea of what I believe plus my conduct because the word Amen in the inside. Brother Brown talking on those wings of a snow white dove. He's talking about that crow can eat anything. But the dove comes the crow needs a bath every once in a while. But the dove is washed from the inside out. Oh hallelujah. So the dove doesn't have to go around and say, "I got a little dust on me. I think I got to go find somewhere to take care of this and do this. It's just naturally being cleansed. Amen. Maybe less focused on, oh, we got to keep the sin out of the church and more focus on let's get the Holy Ghost in the church. Amen. Cuz when we get the Holy Ghost in the church, the sin will leave. Amen. Satan doesn't like that presence. He doesn't like that. Amen. Uh now works are fine, but they don't save you. They don't make you perfect as Christ or perish. It's not even Christ and works. It is Christ alone. This age began the years of Armenianism that does not believe in Christ as the reality. It does not sing nothing but the blood. For it sings nothing but the blood and my own conduct. Now I believe in good conduct. If you are saved, you will do righteously. Amen. Hallelujah. We've already gone over that. But let me tell you now, salvation is not Jesus plus. Now, I'm just going to be real vocal with you tonight. There's a man who produces all kinds of videos on YouTube about leaving the message. And he says that that William Brandham preaches that it's the message of William Brandham plus Amen. or the Holy Ghost plus the message of William Brandham. He says that as though it's an emphatic quote that brother Brandham makes a statement like you have to have this and the Holy Ghost if you're going to make the rapture. But I wonder if that man ever read this. I've got a feeling that he's probably just going by his opinion, how he feels about it, because it doesn't get any straighter than this, does it? I I I mean, is there any questionable line here? It's not Jesus plus, right? It's Jesus alone. Salvation is of the Lord. From start to finish, it's all God. Let his life be in me. Let his blood that cleanses me, let it be. Let me back up. From start to finish, that is all God. Let his life be in me. Can we say amen? Amen. Let his blood that cleanses me. Let it be his spirit that fills me. Let it be his word in my heart and mouth. Let it be his stripes that heal me. Let it be Jesus and Jesus alone. Not my works, not by works of righteousness which I have done. Amen. We didn't open the gate to righteousness. And if we didn't open the gate, my brother and sister, then we can't be responsible as it is of where righteousness comes from. It comes from the word. Amen. It's Christ himself makes us righteous. The life and the life is present. Amen. Let it be Jesus and Jesus alone. Not by works of righteousness which I have done. No sir, Christ is my life. Amen. I've got just a couple more minutes if you don't mind. Amen. I look at that. I love that quote when reading that. I I just realize cuz uh as much as we try not to uh allow uh our as it would be what we have done our works it kind of tends to creep in on us almost like well I've been such a good believer recently you know just I just been and you know the minute you do that there's that one little twig or root there that just cause you to stumble And then we realize it's only by the grace of God. The word that was spoke over you didn't land on your neighbor. What God spoke over you came to you and you alone. Amen. Amen. So, we can't say, "Well, brother so and so, so spiritual just got a double dose." No, my brother and sister, you're ignoring what God has poured out on you while you are lifting up another man who in secret might have every bit the struggle that you have. But maybe the difference is is he looks up and says, "There's my promise." Amen. Amen. Yes. Will we walk to the promise? Will we claim the promise? I say, "Yeah, we will." Amen. I believe with all my heart we will. There'll be nothing hinder us from reaching or obtaining the promise that God has given us. Amen. Now, I want to go to possessing the gate of the enemy after trial. Move forward really quickly here. We are saved by the blood of God. That's where my faith is. Not to walk out there in the blood of a prophet. Right now, I don't want to go down that rabbit hole tonight, but when people are pointing back prophet, prophet, prophet, prophet, prophet, who did brother Brandham himself say he came to represent Christ. That's his whole goal is his own desire. Point us to Jesus Christ. So when you have people that are saying prophet, prophet, prophet, prophet, prophet, there's a spirit there. And I'm not going to say it's a lying spirit because we cannot remove the prophet from the equation. But my brother and sister, Malachi 4 says, "Behold, I send you." Right? Amen. So God was making an emphasis that there were people who would satisfy those words you in there. And he sent a prophet to us to straighten our hides out, get us lined up, get our thinking straightened up, get us back to the very words of the Apostle Paul. Get us back to those principles of the early apostles. Get us back to all those things. And when his job was done, he doesn't need to come back to see if you're doing it or not. As the bride of Jesus Christ, you hear his voice. Amen. Amen. Our Lord Jesus. Amen. You hear his voice. Amen. Not walk out there in the blood of an ordinary man or a teacher or a theologian. We walk there in the blood of God. God said so. He become human being. He changed his strand. He stretched his tent here with us and became one of us. He is our kinsman redeemer. Believe it or not, quotes as direct as this is here. I've had people argue over the principle of Jesus Christ, our kinsman redeemer. You have to wonder. I don't know. I don't want to get sidetracked, but you have to wonder what kind what are they hearing? What are they hearing? What do they read? What comes to them? It obviously my brother and sister has been somebody interpreted this besides this when when brother Barry it this really struck me strongly when brother brother Barry shows us the clip that's AI of Billy Graham only it's not Billy Graham and then brother Barry says and this will come this will come to the message people will say see I can do what I'm doing this is the prophet's choice and wait till the digital age overpowers everything. I know of believers, now this is a side note, sorry. I know of believers who have got rid of their cassette tapes and got rid of all their books because it's on their phone. It's on their iPad. I'm sorry. I like that. They're not going to change the print on the book inside my house. Amen. There is the solid foundation of reality where the word is at. But what's to stop them? Now, I'm not pointing any fingers, but what is to stop them from taking and you pushed that update? That's right. The last time you updated the table, I'm now don't misunderstand me. Just make an example. Last time you updated the table, did you sit down and go through the table and check it with a book or a tape? That's a point that we need to be careful cuz talk about skewering. Now, they might have good intention or someone might have good intention uh to interpret what brother Brandon was saying. But you see, God said you change one word. Yeah. This might sound a little harsh and I don't hold it as a fanatical view, but I believe that extends to changing one word of a prophet's message beyond the scripture to a prophet's message that people just kind of free to do. He became human being, changed his strand, stretched his tent here with us, became one of us. He's our kinsman redeemer. He had to become kinfolk to us because that was the law. God became man and dwelt among us. Notice how that in doing this he's coming from him was God the spirit and that spirit uh becomes upon the believer and therefore the life that was in our sacrifice we are identified by that same life. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Says that he was tried in every fashion and form. Amen. And so that means ultimately this bride of Jesus Christ will not have a temper tantrum, will not have a vain imagination, will not have all of these things that that derail mankind. Hey, if we're facing that right now, be be optimistic. Uh be upbeat because the word is declaring to you, you'll conquer that. That will be taken under control. It will be brought in subjection. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. if you would. I don't think this screen is working. But then then how can they see the life of God moving amongst the people and call it an unclean thing when that's our identification of our sacrifice? But many are he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he also. his life returning upon the sacrifice from the sacrifice as we lay our hands upon it identifying oursel dead to our own thoughts. Amen. Now, our own thoughts, my brother and sister, might be just a little something you would stumble over. It might not be carnal, evil, wicked. It might be just something you stumble over, like not believing that this message is entirely for you. Yeah. Amen. or that you can't live this message. You realize those are thoughts out of the pits of hell, right? Yes. Are we okay? Yes. How can we let denominations push us into creeds and things and say we believe it? We are dead to those things. Now, I'm going to just throw something in here and I'm going to leave it hung out there to dry for you. But my brother and sister, the evidence is becoming more and more plain. There's a denominational spirit has entered into the message trying to cause people to conform to one common approach of the message. Now, what happens if that one common approach is flawed? Now, this is kind of a a deal, but you know, years ago, China had a state-owned, state-run airplane manufacturing company, and for a while there, basically every plane they built failed and crashed. Do you want to fly on Chinese Airways? I don't want to fly on something that man has said. If you believe the message, if you have the Holy Ghost, this is how you will see it. I won't accept that. And I don't believe you should either. From the sacrifice, we lay our hands upon it, identifying ourselves dead to our own thoughts. Then how can we let denomination push us into creeds and things and say we believe it? We are dead to those things. Paul said,"None of these things bother me." For he was tied to an absolute comm, means space, Christ. I don't think there's any I don't think there's any misunderstanding, is there tonight of what the prophet is saying or absolute is? No misunderstanding at all. Very clear. Yes. Amen. Don't bother. for he's tied to an absolute space of time. Identify clearly context Christ. Anybody else that puts an absolute in there is tweaking the prophet's message unless they believe Brother Brham was Christ. Yeah, think about it. And every true achievement is tied to an absolute. Amen. So, every true achievement is tied to Christ. My absolute. Oh my, this is getting really, really direct. I don't know how we're going to twist this one, but we'll try. Not. And my absolute is the word. Amen. Why didn't brother Brandham say my absolute is my message that I've brought? Because that wasn't his absolute. H and everybody else that's really born of the spirit, their absolute. Oh my. I don't mean to be controversial tonight, but these spirits are rising up and they're making a lot of noise. Yeah. They're making a lot of noise. They want to be heard. They want their presence to be seen. Amen. It's really born of the spirit. Their absolute is God's word. I'm tied to it. Amen. My brother and sister, I tell you what, that's that's pretty straightforward. I think I laid my hands upon it and it took my place and I've identified myself with him. We knew that he promised to identify himself with us. Is he identified with us tonight? That brings genuine faith. Not your own faith, but his faith. Something you don't control. Wait just a second. I want more faith. I'm going to get more faith. There's more faith for me. I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that for more faith. I'm sorry. You don't control it. He does. Amen. Amen. He's the one that dispenses and pours that out. Now, can we present an atmosphere and move into a place that matches what God's program is, matches God's uh uh view of this, God's presentation of this, his promise of this. Yes, we can. But my brother and sister, we're not going to give oursel real faith. Amen. God is the one who gives us real faith. Amen. Something you don't control, he does it. Now notice then and then only when is the promise made to you. Ain't that beautiful? I hope tonight I haven't been too blunt, too straightforward. But I just like to go to Hebrews chapter 4 as we're closing. Amen. Verse 12- 16. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing a sunder of soul and spirit of the joints and marorrow. And as a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart, something we can't even without the Holy Ghost, you can't discern the thoughts and intents of heart. Well, it sure looks like that this person is this way. They might be going through the most fiery trial. I liked how brother Barry brought that out talking about the fiery furnace coming right up to the edge. Their toes all curled up there. Amen. Needed a little bit of imagination, you know, cuz you didn't see his toes curl up in his shoes, but you know, their toes curled up and the Lord Jesus standing right there. Take the step. Amen. Don't hold back. Take this step. I don't know. Just a thought. If they had hesitated a little longer, what would have happened? Let me just put it this way to you. This not scriptural. Maybe the Holy Spirit would have said, "You're one chosen to go through the fire. Maybe he'd have come out of the fire. Maybe he'd have come around and said, "God bless you, Shadrach. It's time for you to go through the fire." Sometimes the Lord just gives uncction and moves us when we we might get our toes too wrapped around the edge of that furnace and God comes along and says, "I'll just let this circumstance cause you to take that step." I don't know. Just saying. Just saying. Amen. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do. Seeing then that we have a great high priest. Do we have a great high priest tonight? Amen. That passed into the heavens, right? He's not in a fiery furnace any longer. He's passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with a feeling of our infirmities, but was at all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. That's right. Amen. Please come. Amen. Amen. As we look at this, I hope tonight that uh we do, you know, you say, "But brother Paul, we need a release." Let our worship and our praise to our Lord Jesus Christ be our release. There's a place, Brother Brandham, as he preached the sermon, letting off the pressure, my brother and sister, there's a place for us to let off the pressure. It doesn't have to be road rage, and it doesn't have to be domestic, and it doesn't have to be any of these things that the world is consumed by, right? You know, there's research that comes out and I I don't want to deviate off into this, but there's research that's come out and many many people have become alcoholics because they simply declare, I was trying to find a way to get away from this pressure of the business world and the family and and they become alcoholics trying to let off the pressure. And then the alcoholic side of it then creates another pressure. It doesn't take this one away, just creates another one. Let's find I got my hand up. Let's find that sweet release in praise and worship before our Lord Jesus Christ. Let's not try and find another something to to let that off, another hobby, another, you know, activity. You know, I I know I got a a good friend and and he says, "You know, I run because when I run, all all the pressure gets left behind me. But when I get home, unfortunately, it's still there." See, we can't outrun those things. But in the presence of God, in praise and worship, we can find that and let off that pressure. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. Let's just stand. Sing that song in Christ alone. Brother Alex, if you would come. That's what we want is just to find it in Christ alone. [Music] In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. In Christ alone will I glory though I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure and by his strength alone I'll overcome. Oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. But those throes could not equal to the grace by which I stand. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. Amen. Let's go to number 404. [Music] 404. Teach me, Lord, to wait down on my knees, telling your own good time. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be wee. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to wait. [Music] Teach me Lord to wait while hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth. what you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. They that wait, oh they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Amen. Let's go to the key of D number 186. [Music] Pleasing. [Music] Let me be pleased. pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you bring. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Oh, we worship you in spirit and in truth. Yes, we worship you in spirit and in truth. We have heard your word and felt your presence too. We worship you in spirit and in truth. Pleasing. Just let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praise. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. With that song, you're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] [Music]
