################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - June 1, 2025 - Bro Andrew Glover - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   June 1, 2025 - Bro Andrew Glover
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc0AqM48dSE
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] lovelujah. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring my Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And here the sun is always shining. Here the sky is always bright. There's no place for gloomy Christians to abide. For my soul is filled with music in my heart with great delight. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah rule. Help me ring my savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side and upon the streets of glory when we reach the other shore and have safely crossed the Jordan's rolling tide. You will find me shouting glory just outside my mansion door where I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring my savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Let's stand together. And upon the streets of glory, we reach the other shore. And have safely crossed the Jordan's rolling tide. You will find me shouting glory just outside my mansion door where I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring my Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, I can run through a troop and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Halleluah. Halleluah. And now I'm free from condemnation. Jesus is the rock of my salvation. I can run through a troop and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, I can run through a tree and leap over a wall. Halleluah. Halleluah. He's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now I'm free from condemnation. Jesus is the rock of my salvation. I can run through a true and leap over a wall. Hallelujah. Oh halleluah. Oh now I'm free from condemnation. For Jesus is the rock of my salvation. I can run through a troop and leap over a wall. Halleluah. Halleluah. Amen. Praise be to Jesus. Amen. Let's go to number 597 before we go to prayer this [Music] morning. I must tell Jesus all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens [Music] alone. In my distress, he kindly will help me. He ever loves and cares for his own. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. I must tell [Music] Jesus all of my trles. [Music] He is a kind come passion at friend. If I but ask him, he will deliver. Make of my [Music] trles quickly an end. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Temped and tried. I need a great savior. One who can help my burdens to bear. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. be all my cares and sorrows will share. Let's sing a verse four. Oh, how the world to evil alerts me. Oh, how my heart is tempted to sin. And I must tell Jesus and he will help me over the world. the victory to win. I must tell [Music] Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens [Music] alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Jesus can help me. Jesus [Music] alone. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Um, Sister Sue is asking for prayer. She couldn't be here today. Um, sounds like she fell and is having some soreness in her body. So, let's remember her in prayer. Um, let's remember this um young mother with cancer. Um, Janetti, is it Janetti Martin? Um, it's young mother with cancer. So, let's remember her in prayer. Sister April, um, not here, and sister Alice away with the inhip. Um, brother Wayne and family and, brother Dason family up in Cville. Uh let's remember brother Adrian and family and brother Rich and the church in Marmouth and uh also sister Dorcas for continual healing and brother Barry and sister Becky coffee uh for the upcoming family camp. Brother David, could you lead us in a word of prayer? God bless you. Are you happy? Amen. You love him. Amen. Let's bow our heads before him. Lord God, eternal creator of heavens and earth. We come before thee knowing you're present. May we turn our focus, Lord. What we've come for, that's to meet you. Lord, we know we have a lot going on and food being prepared, but Lord, turn our focus. We've come here to meet you. no other reason. But we're expecting, our expectation is upon you to minister to us through thy servant. We're expecting to receive your word. We are expecting to hear your word. We expect to leave here raised to a higher plane, Lord. Now, may peace reign and may every thought that's not your will and thoughts be moved aside. moved aside of what the world what the world think. Move aside what we think others think. Lord, what we are about to go hear and enter into is the opening of the word. God, may you open it to our hearts. Reveal it to us because Lord, we are the word in the book. You come forth to claim you're redeemed and we are here, Lord, to receive from you. Now Lord, you minister to these needs, Father. Every one of them, they've been spoken. We pray for our sister Sue for healing and strength in her body. This sister Martin, Lord, that has cancer. We together as a body of Christ rebuke the cancer. And may your divine purpose and and will be done through all of this, but we call for healing. And Lord, we just thank you, Father, that those that couldn't be here, desired to be here, may you speak to their hearts. Those on online, Lord, that can't be here, speak to their soul. May you speak to them personally and individually. We're expecting this, Lord. We love you with all of our hearts. Forgive us where we've aired. Forgive us of our errors and failures as Lord we turn away from our thinking receiving your thought now. Open it to us we pray and for your glory and for your purpose and for your presence may we not only live in your spirit but walk in the spirit as we proceed forward to our body change. You are the one taking us there. You're the one that's brought us there. Now bless your servant. Father, we expect you to we are expecting you to speak through his lips and to change us through the word. Heal us through the word. Strengthen us through your word. We ask these things now in the neverfailing presence of him who is present in us and through sons and daughters of God which you're working through. Now in your name we call for it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you may be [Music] seated. Let's go to number 757. Um, key of A. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or land. I'd rather rather be led by his nails scarred hand than to be the king of a vast domain and beheld in sin dread sway. way. I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] anything this world aarts today. I'd rather rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of a vast domain and be held in sin dread sway. way. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords to today. He's fairer than liies of rare bloom. He's sweeter than honey from out of the cold. He's all that my hungering spirit needs. I'd rather have Jesus and let him lead than to be a king of a vast domain and be held in sin sway. way. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today. Amen. Brother Isaac, can you find the song called Children Children of the Light? Um if you don't mind, it's the song that I sang as a special recently and just really blessed by it still and can sing it together. Uh let's stand and do the song for the Paul. Come. Children of the light, arise. Arise and take your place. It's by grace. It's by grace. It's by [Music] grace. If you're struggling in confusion, wondering why your heart seems low, take your hands of this old world and let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. So let it go. Children of the light arise. Arise. This is your day. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. God's restored the word. made clear his way that you may trust and know that you're not of this old world. So let it go. Let it go. Let it be. It's not reality but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. So let it go. One more time. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. for your mind. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father, living here below. For you're not of this old world, so let it go. Amen. Can we say amen to that? We just let go of this old world what it is. Amen. You could be seated. Amen. Just have a few comments here. Uh we're just feel really privileged. Uh you know, uh brother Gideon and sister Anna got married yesterday and um uh to me it was just um beautiful because it brought um Brother Andrew to Idaho. So, uh, you know, I'm happy for them getting married, but I'm happy Brother Andrew is in Idaho. And and, um, we'll introduce our brother Thomas here in a minute. Um, uh, we will be winding down Sunday school for the summer. And I know this kind of short notice because nobody reminded Brother Paul to announce it. And, uh, so um, it it really really it should have been announced earlier, but we just been a little preoccupied. I'm sorry. Um, Brother Andy, Sister Hannah, God bless you. Uh, Sister Sarah's, uh, well, they're all older than her, so I guess I can say, uh, her older brother. But, uh, they've come all the way from South Carolina, right? Yes. Uh, out for the wedding and we're here happy that the wedding has brought you to Idaho and God bless you. And, um, uh, young sister in the back, God bless you. don't know your name, but we're happy that you are here. Amen. And uh pray you're blessed today. And uh I believe I met Sister Grace's friend at Manass's wedding. Uh and uh so welcome today. And uh to each and every one of you. Uh Sister Carrie, I think we forgot her in the prayer request. She's not here today, but um uh we um just want to remember her in prayer. PLuck after the service. Amen. So we can all have a little time of fellowship. I want to just very briefly uh just take a moment uh of brother Thomas Cross. I met him at the wedding first time. This wedding is just doing wonderful things for us. And um I just really had some lovely conversation with brother Thomas. Uh just uh uh got to talking about things and perspective and how we feel about it, our outlook and and I I just really was impressed. And so, uh, this morning I just, uh, young man, he's just started, uh, uh, uh, you know, not not been in the ministry for a real long time, but, um, you know, uh, just God's placed a call on his life, and he's doing his very best to be faithful to that call to study and be prepared. And, uh, it just come on my heart last night as we were driving back down to the valley. I thought, you know, supposed to be instant in season, out of season. So, we're just going to ask our brother Thomas uh cross uh to come and just greet you today and uh uh we just trust that each and every one of you uh just have a wonderful time today and the Lord blesses you, brother Thomas. Amen. Let's welcome him. Amen. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. It's so good to be here this morning with you. And I just say I came out here for the wedding and uh I came out here, my cousin was getting married and you always get nervous cuz I'm a shy person. I'm uh not always great at meeting people, but I came out here and just met some beautiful people. Everyone's so nice and even brother Paul sitting there fellowshipping with him and it was just incredible and I appreciate uh everyone. But it's just uh I guess I I came out here really to keep brother Andrew straight, keep him in line because he's troubled sometimes. But no, I'm only kidding. But it's just uh I appreciate everyone just uh I'll introduce myself. I'm uh Thomas Cross. I'm out from uh North Carolina out on the east coast. We're southern, but uh it's just I go to uh Brother Josh Bennett's church. And uh which is not Josh Bennett's church. It's the Lord's church. We're led by the Holy Spirit. We're one church, one body. We're baptized. Amen. And uh you know, I told the Lord many years ago, anytime he gave me an opportunity to speak in front of people, I want to do one thing. And I want to lift up this me this message cuz to me I believe this message I it's Jesus Christ to me and that's what the prophet would say. And you know I just I I'm so proud for you know I'm so thankful God sent a prophet because you know I I've seen the denominations and I've heard what they've got to say and that there's nothing out there. I think like the disciples you remember Jesus was speaking to a big old crowd and he he got to saying stuff they didn't like. He said drink my blood and eat my flesh. And I'm just like them disciples. you know, everyone left. But he said he I believe Jesus might have got a little discouraged. He said, "What are you going to do?" And they said, "Lord, to whom else shall we go? What else is there out there? What you know, what do the denominations have? What do they have? They've got nothing." But yeah, I even the prophet would say, I I love the statement he made. He said that the disciples found something in Jesus Christ. They found something in him that they couldn't find in any other man. And I believe that's exactly what we have found in this message right here. You know, you think of Paul. Remember in the Bible, he was on Mars Hill and he said that they're superstitious. They've got an unknown God, but we know our God. He's been unveiled through the message. And you know, you meet somebody new and here I stand. You say, "Well, what are his intentions?" Well, I'll just say it like this. The prophet said, "We do have today by God's help the perfect interpretation of the word with divine revelation." I believe that's what this message came to do was to reveal Christ to us. And it was the restoration of the word that unveiled him because you know Jesus has been or God Christ has been veiled all through the Old Testament to through the New Testament. But you even think in uh uh second Corinthians Paul would say that when the heart shall turn the veil would be taken away. And you look in the Bible that it even uh uh Wesley in his notes in Scopia would say that it was when the heart would turn. And I believe that we've had a message to turn the heart of the children back to the father. And that veil's been taken away. And I believe that he's been unveiled as our healer. He's our redeemer. Any need that we have is all found in Jesus Christ. And I believe that if you have a need this morning, God has sent a man. You would think he might have came for a wedding, but brother Andrew came to minister to the hearts this morning. And you know, even as me and brother Paul talked, you know, just outstanding about brother Andrew is he he's he's a young man, 20 27, not even 30 years old yet. And his knowledge of this message is beyond any other. with I say that in all humility and respect, but that's not it. It's brother Andrew, he lives this message with all his heart, Brother Paul. And that's what's outstanding. You know, Brother Andrew, he'll he'll preach to thousands in Africa or or the big meetings. But one thing about Brother Andrew, he's humble. And he'll preach to I've been in services with 10 people or 20 or 30. And you know, God honors that and he lives this message and he believes the message. And at the preaching of the word, that's when the needs are met. And I believe that we're going to see that this morning. So, amen. And I just thank you all for the warm welcome. Appreciate all you guys. You know, it's just it's always great to be with believers of like precious faith who believe in one message and you know, one God who's uh we're all just brothers and sisters and I appreciate you all and I appreciate your pastor here and the beautiful singing and all the music. You're just great people. So, God bless you. Love you guys. Amen. Amen. Definitely was born to be a preacher. Amen. Well, let's stand. I I didn't realize brother Alex was gonna um go, but um this song's just been on my heart. Maybe it'd be a better closing song than an opening song, but I want to sing a There's a New Testament church rising up. Amen. That's what I see this morning. I see the bride of Christ. She's come. The word is so real to her that she can't just stay set down. She can't be sitting there just saying, "Well, someday, someday." But she realizes the words come alive in her. And if it's alive, it's growing. Amen. So we just thank the Lord for that. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Rising up is what the title is, brothers. [Music] As I look out across the land, see God's mighty hand, the bride of Christ adorned in her wedding gown. Just like in the days of old, they stood in a courage bowl. They turned the whole world upside down. [Music] Rising up. Rising [Music] up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast out. In the jail they sang and shout while surrounded by a holy angel band. Rising up. Rising up. The New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. In the last days, he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. We're We're rising up. I'm a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. We're New Testament church. Rising up. Now make it personal. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. I'm the New Testament church rising up. I'm rising up. I'm rising [Music] up. I'm the New Testament church rising up. Can you say amen this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. We just want to give liberty time. Brother Andrew, take your liberty. preach what God's laid upon your heart. He's always his ministry's always blessed us and you know just consider it a privilege today to have him here with us. Amen. God bless you, brother Andrew. God bless [Music] you morning. Amen. Amen. It is a a real honor to be in his house this morning and to be gathered in his presence. We we know that we're two or three are gathered together in his name. Amen. and he made a promise that he would come and be in our midst. Amen. And we look around this morning and there's there's more than two or three here, but there's a a whole house full of believers here today that believe the Lord and love him. How many loves the Lord this morning? Amen. You're thankful to be a Christian and to be Amen. numbered among the living this morning. Amen. Amen. It is a real honor to be here with you all once again. And as brother Paul was saying, we um we came out for the for the wedding there yesterday, but Amen. I was um thinking one day of brother getting and invite us to the wedding and I was thinking of some way to um to make it to make it work and I was trying to get back home for for service this morning and amen I realized that wasn't going to work and brother Paul and I had seen each other recently in Canada and so amen we're just happy to be here this morning and thankful that we were able to come by and see you all and amen I tell you um I think we were in Saskatoon there in November and uh walked downstairs one morning and there was brother Paul in the in the lobby eating breakfast at the hotel. So, I just said, "Well, the Lord had to bring us all the way to Canada, amen, to see each other. But we we sure love Brother Paul and Sister Jerry. God bless you all and just become real friends of ours." And Amen. We're honored to have Brother Thomas here with us this morning and come out for the wedding as well. But as brother Paul was saying, I believe we're here for for more than just a natural wedding. Amen. But I believe we're here for for the spiritual wedding, the marriage of the lamb that's taking place. And Amen. It is a real honor to be here with you today. And amen. We want to bring a greetings from our church there at home. Our pastor, uh, brother Matt Morris and the saints there at Grace Tabernacle in Black Rockck, Arkansas, uh, sends their greetings to you. So, I pulled up this morning and I said, "Well, I'm at Grace Tabernacle either way." Amen. So, amen. Let's just bow our hearts together this morning for a word of prayer. I wonder how many have a special need upon your heart, something you would just desire from the Lord. I know he's mindful and I know he is he is here this morning to meet the needs of his children. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this resurrection Sunday, Father, Lord, we've not gathered here this morning to be seen or to be heard, Lord, we've not gathered here for just another service or just another gathering, Lord. But, Father, we've gathered here this morning under divine purpose, Lord. For your word said that wherever two or three would gather in my name, you said there, I will be in their midst. And Lord, as I look around this morning, there's believers here that have gathered not in the name of a church or in the name of a man, but we've gathered in the mighty powerful name of our savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, Lord, as we look to you this morning, the songs of Zion have been sung. And Lord, the atmosphere has been created by the by the believers that your word could find a a rightway, could find access into our hearts. And Lord, this morning we're endeavoring to look into your word. But Lord, we know that if you would send spiritual strength among us, then it would be more than just a physical strength of opening this book we call the Bible. But Lord, it would be a spiritual strength opening our understanding. Now, Father, we invite you this morning, be the speaker among us today. Lord, as these believers have gathered here, Lord, I pray they would turn their attention now, Lord, from the things of life and the cares of life and the situations and problems, oh God. And Lord, may your word just come among us and minister this morning. Bind the hand of Satan, I pray, Lord, may deliverances take place here this morning, Father. Lord, if there be any sick among us, Lord, may this be the end of their suffering, Father. Lord, if there be any bound among us, may this be the end of bondage, oh God. Lord, whatever the the desires of the heart may be here this morning, I am confident, Lord, that your word is still a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. And Lord, it can pierce and it can go right direct to the need. So Lord, we surrender ourselves into your control this morning. Father, may you speak through me, Lord. May you hear through the believer. And Lord, when we would leave this meeting today, may we be able to say like those on the road to Emmas, did not our hearts burn within us, Lord. Not as brother Andrew came and talked to us or any other preacher, but Lord, as you came and talked to us along the way, and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We do pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. God richly bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, we want to turn to the book of Psalms, the 65th chapter. The book of Psalms, the 65th chapter, and then we're also going to turn to Hebrews, chapter 4. Amen. It's so uh so nice to see everyone here again this morning. God bless you all. And I was just just telling brother Paul there in the in the back room, I was thinking this morning, I think every time we've ever been here to to minister to you has been in the month of June, around the first or second weekend of June. So, amen. Amen. I It's just good to be here with you all again. Amen. Psalms chapter 65 and verse number four. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. David here writing, he says, "Blessed is the man whom thou choostest and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts, and we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple." Amen. Blessed is the man whom thou choostest and causes to approach unto thee. Now in the book of Hebrews chapter 4, Hebrews chapter 4, it's a it's a very very familiar scripture to the believers. Brother Brandham uses it many many times uh in the message in Hebrews chapter 4 and verse number 12. Here he's uh Paul is writing in Hebrews 4:12. And he says, "Now for the word of God is quick and it is powerful and it is sharper than any two-edged sword. It pierces even to the dividing a sunder of the soul and of the spirit and of the joints and marrow and is a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. Now I love what Paul here is saying. It's not that it was a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart or it will be a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But Paul calls this a present day promise that the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intent of the heart. Now in verse 13, neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and open under the eyes of him with whom we have to do. Seeing then that we have a great high priest. Now there again, not that we had or we will have, but we have right now a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest, which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmity, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. So let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to add the blessing to the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this morning. I I want you by the help of the Lord for just a few moments if I could uh speak to you here of something that's just been burning on my heart here recently. And if I would if I would take a title this morning, I want to speak to you on this. A divine approach produces divine results. Amen. A divine approach produces divine results. You know, when you look there in the in the dictionary, Webster's dictionary, he will speak there of the word approach and he'll say this, it means to draw closer to. It means uh to make advances to especially in order to create a desired result. It is a means of access. So when you are approaching something, what you're desiring to do is you're desiring to receive something or you're desiring to to to partake of something. Amen. From that which you're approaching. Now in 1955 in Melzdc, the great prince and king, brother Ram said, "Now we found salvation that will save us from sin. It'll take the vilest woman or man, the drunker, the prostitute, and it will make them a child of God. He said, "Now, well, that same faith, the same power that will lift up a fallen man or woman with that." Amen. It'll work for us in many different ways. It'll heal our bodies. Amen. If you can just find the right approach, amen, you've got to find out how to do it. So, amen. The same faith that has operated underneath the administration of salvation, amen, has the same power, amen, to hail our bodies in the time of great need. Again, 1960, the Queen of Sheba, he says, you'll only get from God, Amen, the things that you're expecting from God in the way that you approach God. Now, now, this is something that you only get the things from God that you're expecting from God in the way that you approach God. He said, "So you've got to approach him, Amen, with reverence, with faith and believing that every word is true." Amen. When you approach God, you've got to approach him with reverence, amen, and with faith and a and believing, amen, that every word is true. Now, I'll just say this. I find, Amen, this studying, Brother Brandham, that our approach to God, Amen, it really matters, folks. Amen. And and and I find that when brother will talk about this, he'll say, "Now there is a right approach." Amen. And then there is a wrong approach. And he'll he'll preach an entire sermon on the approach to God. And I find it amazing what he does there. Amen. Is he makes a connection, amen, between our approach and our speech, amen, the words we use and the things that we say. He said, now in paragraph 7, notice the approach to God. He said, God has a way of approach. He said, 'You know, if you're going to visit a king, Amen, there's a way that you approach a king. He said, now let's make it more simpler. Amen. If you're going to approach a young lady to get acquainted with her, Amen. There is a certain approach. How many knows that? Amen. You married folks ought to know that there's a certain approach. See? Amen. He said, you don't just walk up there and say, "Hey there, like to meet you and shake your hand." Amen. And she isn't very much of a lady. Amen. She'll let you know where to get on and where to get off at. Amen. But there's a certain way you approach it. Amen. You've got to come up with respects, amen, to the lady and so forth. He said, now there's a way to approach all things. He said, there's a way to approach God. And if we don't know the approach to God, Amen. then we'll never be able to get an audience with God. Amen. See, in a court, you don't just walk up and the judge is on the stand. Now watch how he's saying this and walk up there and say, "Hey, judge." Amen. I want to talk to you a little bit. Amen. Somebody throw you out of the courtroom, lock you up. See? Amen. For disorderly conduct. Amen. See, there's a way. Amen. You have to approach the judge. He said, "Now, we must find the way of approach." Amen. To the great divine judge, amen, which is God himself. Now, now notice this. There's a way you approach a young lady. Amen. And there's a way that you speak to her. Amen. There's a way that you approach a judge. Amen. And there's a way that you speak to him. He said, "Now, there's a way that you approach God." And he said, "The way that you speak to him determines on whether you're going to get an audience with him, amen, or not." He said, "Now, when one time man through angelic beings perhaps when he came before the presence of his majesty, amen, the great king of heaven, Amen, perhaps approached in some other way, Amen. But since sin, amen, separated the relationship. Amen. Now sin separated the relationship. He said, "Now what you do, Amen. is you come God's provided approach." Amen. Just one time. Amen. And see what will happen. Amen. I'll say this. We as believers, amen, we do not approach God under fear. Amen. But rather we approach God under faith. And how many knows that faith is a revelation? Amen. It's a revelation of the will of God. Amen. So we do not approach God based on our feelings. We we do not approach God based on emotions or sensations. Amen. Or our education or our intellectual ability. Amen. But rather we approach God, amen, upon the basis of divine, amen, spiritual revelation. He said, "Now we find salvation." Amen. He said, "See, faith is not that loose." Amen. It's got to be based upon some noted fact. Amen. Faith has got to be based upon some noted fact. Amen. If you can if you can give me as much in my ear, I'll control it on my side. Thank you, brother. He said, you got to know something about what you're having faith in. Amen. Before you can have faith in it. Thank you, brother. Amen. So, we first must know, Amen, how and what God's desire is. He said, now what God's plan is and how to approach it. Amen. God by that plan. He said, "Then we can walk up boldly." Amen. To the throne of grace. Amen. Now, watch this. We can walk up boldly to the throne of grace. Amen. And we can plead what the plan is promised us. Amen. We can walk up boldly. Amen. To the throne of grace. Amen. And we can plead what the plan is promised us. Amen. Amen. I'm sorry. You're going to have to back it back down. I think it's compressing it on me. Amen. Amen. And I've been struggling heavy with my voice. So y'all pray for us this morning. So we first must know, amen, what God's desire is. How many wants to know, amen, what God's desire is. He said, what God's plan is and how to approach God by that plan. He said, then we can walk up boldly to the throne of grace and we can plead, Amen, what the plan is promised us. Now in the Garden of Eden, we find then, amen, that Adam knew the plan of God, right? Amen. He had he he knew what God desired. Amen. But then sin came in, which is unbelief. Amen. And it separated God and man. And we find then that what Adam did was he realized that he he had gotten in trouble. Amen. So he went and tried to make his own approach. Amen. But we find that God refused it. Amen. But I love this. Amen. When God refused Adam's approach, he did not leave him without an approach. Amen. But he provided Amen. an approach for Adam. And the provot approach he provided, amen, was through the shed blood. That's why Paul comes along in Hebrews 9:22 and says, "Almost all things, amen, are by the law purged with blood, amen, and without the shedding of blood, amen, is no remission of sin." Rebraham said, "Now Paul here in speaking the Hebrews, amen, was trying to tell the people that the approach to God, Amen, was through the bleeding sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ." He said, "That's how you approach him, Amen, is through Jesus. For he is, Amen, the lamb that takes away, Amen, the sin of the world." Amen. I love what the prophet said, Brother David. He said, "From that day until this day, it remains the same." Amen. It is still the blood. He said in Job there he offered the shed blood as he approached Jehovah. Amen. Knowing that God, Amen, would receive him upon nothing else. So when God when Job approached God, Job did not approach him by his education. He did not approach him by his by his intellectual ability, but he approached him by revelation. Amen. knowing this is the only thing that God will accept as a sacrifice. He said, "Now, if you approach him today in the name of a good man, I pay my debts. I don't cheat the government. I pay my tax. I do all these things. I'm a good neighbor." See, yet God will never hear you. That's right. Amen. Now, think about that, friends. God will never hear you. If you come approach and saying, "I'm a loyal church member. I tithe my money. I give good offerings in the church." Amen. God will never receive you. He said, you say, "Well, my mother was a good woman and my father was a good man and my grandfather was a preacher and all that I do. I never did this. I never stealed. I never drank. I never smoked. I never robbed. I never done any of these things." He said, "Yet God will never hear you. No matter who you are, how bad you been if you come God's provided way." Amen. Through the sacrificial blood. Amen. breaking and laying your hand upon the head of a dead of a dead of a dying lamb and confess your wrong and accept him. Amen. Then God will fill your soul with a holy spirit and he will burn out all the iniquity. He will burn out all the carnality and he will make you a new creature. There is no other way that sin can be remitted outside of the reproach that God has ordained by his way. Amen. I'll say this. Brother said it very beautiful. He said, "Either come God's provided approach." Amen. Or don't come at all. Amen. Don't either come God's provided approach. Amen. Or don't come at all. Now, we we read there in Psalm 65 and verse4. And I love it because David, Amen, being the psalmist. I love how he writes things, brother Paul. You know, he'll he he'll write one verse and pack it full, amen, of golden nuggets. And there in Psalm 65:4, he said, "Blessed is the man whom thou choostest." Amen. And cause us to approach unto thee. Now look at this word chooses. It means to choose, to elect, to decide for. Amen. To be selected. Look at this word approach. It means to come near. It means to enter into. It means to be brought near. It means to be present. Amen. So blessed is the man whom thou choosest, whom thou selected, whom thou decided for, amen, to enter into. I I heard Reb say something very beautiful this morning, the Revelation series in the Pat vision. He said, "Do you realize your name was put on the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world?" He said, "Then God chose you to receive the Holy Ghost in this age." Amen. Listen, folks. You didn't choose yourself. Amen. But God chose you. and Peter come along and said, "Ye are a chosen generation. You are a royal priesthood. You're a holy nation. You're a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises, amen, of him who hath called you out of darkness into marvelous light." Amen. Show me one thing, amen, that you did to get to where you are. Amen. If there's one thing you can do, Amen. then the blood was shed in vain and Christ died in vain. But I happen to believe it this morning that my Lord did not die in vain. And he did not shed his blood in vain, but he did it for a purpose. And that was to break the power of unbelief that was brought upon the human race through the fall in the garden and to establish a covenant between his seed and himself as believers. Amen. I believe it. I I love that word chosen generation. It means you're a choice. Amen. You're God's choice. You You are selected. Amen. It's the best of its kind or class. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Amen. It is excellence. It is preeminent. Listen. And it is applied. Amen. To certain individual Christians. Paul or Peter rather goes on to say in 1 Peter 2:10, he said, "Which in time past, Amen, were not a people, amen, but are now the people of God." Look here. Which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. I'll say this, a chosen generation, amen, is a chosen people that has been chosen by God to be here at this time. Can I say this? You're not here by accident. You're not here by mistake. You're you're not here by some haphazard happening and you just happen to show up. No. My Bible says in Revelation 2:9, he says, "I know thy works and and the tribulation, the poverty, but thou art rich." Amen. And I know the blasphemy of them which are Jews and they're not, but are of the synagogue of Satan. He says in the church age book, the word Jews, amen, does not describe the religion of the Jewish people. It only refers to the people of Judah. He said, now it has the same precise meaning. if I were to say I am Irish born. He said these people were saying that they were actually Jews that they were real Jews by birth. He said but they were liars. Amen. They were not Jews by birth and they were not Jews by religion. Amen. If all this is true, what were they? They were a deceived people who were already part of the church. He said they belong to the false thine. They were not of the true church but of the false church because God said they were of the synagogue of Satan. He said now the word for synagogue is not the same word we use for church in the Bible. The church amen means the called out ones. It means the summoned ones. Amen. The psalmist said in Psalm 65:4, he said, "Blessed is the man whom thou choostest and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts." Amen. See, the meaning of synagogue is assembly or gathering. Amen. This can be good or bad, but in this case, it's bad. Amen. For these are they who themselves are assembling, but their assembling is not of God. Amen. But their assembling is of their own selves. Amen. So, in other words, they're not there because God called them to be there. They're not there because God chose them to be there or God selected them or God summoned them to be there, but they're there because they put himself there. But I can say this morning, I am preaching to a people who is not where you are because you put yourself there. A but God who is rich in mercy. Amen. Where he loved us. Amen. He predestinated us and he elected us and he called us and summoned us and chose us and put us where we are this morning. Isaiah 54:15 said, "Amen. Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me." Amen. They'll surely gather together. Amen. But not by me. Amen. Now watch here. Whosoever shall gather together against thee, Amen, shall fall for thy sake. Now I love it because Amen. There was a there was a prophet come in the land. Yeah. Amen. The seventh angel in Revelation 10:7, what he does, Amen. as a prophet of God. How many knows the word of the Lord comes to the prophet? Amen. Is it okay to preach a little bit this morning? Amen. The word of the Lord comes to the prophet, right? Amen. Now watch this. Amen. And that prophet brings the word and he identifies things by the word. He don't identify things by the way he feels. He don't identify things by the way somebody else thinks it ought to be identified. He identifies it by the word. So what he done was he identified the provided approach to God. Amen. By the word. And the first thing he did was he said denomination. Amen. Does not know the approach to God. Amen. I'll say this because the approach to God, Amen, is through Christ. Amen. And and and Christ is the spirit and he is the truth. In St. John 4:22, they Jesus says, "Amen. You worship, but you know not what." Amen. We know what we worship. Amen. For salvation is of the Jews. But the hour cometh and now. Somebody say, "Now." The hour cometh and now is, when the true worshippers, amen, shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. Look here. For the father seeketh such, amen, to worship him. Amen. Can I show you something? Amen. The woman at the well, Amen, did not put herself in the position she was in when she met the Messiah. As a matter of fact, amen, she didn't even go to the well when others went to the well. She went at a specific time. But what put her there was there was a seed on the inside of her soul that was ordained from almighty God. Amen. To stand at the feet of the Messiah and to receive the promise of the hour. He said, "Now God is a spirit and they that worship him," Amen, they must worship him in spirit and in truth. Now, I love what the prophet says in the church age book of the Patmas vision. He said, "Then most of them go to church on Sunday." That is good. But even there, they have no idea of how to approach God and how to worship him. Jesus said the true worship was in spirit and in truth. He said, ' But what kind of worship can you get in a church that knows so little of God? Amen. That it puts up a Santa Claus at Christmas and bunnies at Easter. He said, "Where did they get that?" Amen. They got it from the pagans. That's right. That's right. And they made it a part of the church doctrine. But when one turns to the Lord and is filled with the Holy Ghost, he ceases from all such things. He has a rest in his soul and he really begins to live and love God and worship him. Now, I'll just say this. Amen. I believe that brother Brandham, Amen, was so strong on this area of approach to God because he knew what it was like to be unaware of the divine approach to God. Amen. Remember he says there uh to to to and and he's speaking there he says in the power of decision he said now uh just step in the light one time and he said oh he said you outside of Christ the winds will come back again like they was on the day of Pentecost. Amen. Just keep walking in the light. See and it'll separate the thing that was hindering you from one side to the other. Now brother Bam you you all heard the story. Amen. Brother Bam said I went down there to pray and he said I didn't know how to pray. He said, "I didn't know how to read my Bible." He said, "I didn't know how to shout or didn't know how." He said, "I didn't know anything." He said, "But I went down there and I took a piece of paper." And he said, "I wrote a note to God." And he said, "I am Emy's heard that." He said, "I tacked it on the tree." Right? And he said, I said, "Well, Lord," Amen. Here I am. Just come down. I want to talk to you a minute. He said, "But here's the thing." Amen. The main thing is he came. Now, I find this amazing. Amen. He said, "Now, what happened was, Amen. was he was so unworthy in himself. Amen. But he was willing to become humble. Now, I'll just say this. Amen. The divine channel of approach to a divine God is through humility. That's why Peter said, "Likewise, Amen, ye younger, submit yourselves to the elder." Amen. Yay, all of you be subject one to another and be clothed with humility. Amen. For God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. Amen. God resisteth the proud, but he give grace to the humble. He says, "So humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time." You all know that the hand of God is mighty. You know the hand of God is powerful. Do you know the same hand that exalts is the same hand that humbles? That's right. Amen. The same hand that brings down is the same hand that brings up. Reb said, "As we humble ourselves, amen, under the hand and the moving of the mighty living God," he said, "I pray, Lord," Amen. "I pray, Lord, that you'll provide to the people, that you are the great Jehovah. You are the great God of heaven. That you'll show your power to save and your power to heal and your power to perform miracles. Amen. To do that which is unknown to man." Now, you all remember said it very beautiful. He said, "Always remember that the way up is down." Right. Amen. The way up is down. He said, "See, like you see people and they they really want power." He said, "But they don't know what power is." See, he said, "They really don't know what goes with it." Amen. The way up is down. He said, "If you want power, Amen. then see how humble you can get." Amen. Just get away from all your worldly thinking and humble yourself before God. And then you've got more power than the man that runs all over the building, makes a big lot of noise. Amen. See, because you have been able to conquer yourself and commit yourself to Christ. Amen. To humble yourself before him. He said, "Now that's really power." Amen. Show me a church that's humble. Amen. Real humble. Not an arrogancy. A church just a sweet humble church. He said, "I'll show you." Amen. a church that has the favor and the power of God in it. Amen. That's the thing. Amen. The humility, humbling ourselves before God and letting God just work through us. Amen. I love this. He said, "I've always found out that the man that humbles himself is the man that God exalts." Y'all remember Burbam talked about that preacher went up there to preach. He said he went up there with his chest stuck out and his head held high. And he said he went up there and he preached a little bit and he got done and he said he come down with his head down and his chest all tucked in. He said, "Now what happened was, Amen." He said he went up. He said if he would have went up the way he come down, he would have come down the way he went up. Amen. See what he's showing you is, Amen. When something in your presence comes that is greater than you are, you've got to humble yourself to it if you're going to be used of it. Amen. When Moses seen the pillar of fire, he did not exalt himself above the pillar of fire, but he approached the pillar of fire. And the prophet of God said, "What did he do?" He took his shoes off. Amen. He took his shoes off. Amen. Because the voice said, "Amen. You're on holy ground." He said, "That's what it is today." Amen. The reason people don't get get very much today is because it's an irreverent approach. Amen. You've got to come with a full surrendered madeup mind when you come to God. Don't just come haphazardly. Come up and beat on the altar and chew the chew and gum. Amen. That's not the way to come to God. You come just as sane as you can come and mean what you're talking about. Amen. There it is again, brother Paul. The connection, Amen, between our approach and our speech. When you come to God, you come as sane and solid as can, but you come reverent and know and mean what you're talking about. He said, "And God showed Moses's glory." Amen. All 40 years of training of his dear mother. Amen. Give him on theology and all he had learned out in the textbooks and made a failure out of it. Amen. But in five minutes time, Amen. He surrendered in the presence of the fire of God. He was better equipped than all the equipment in the world could make him. And I say today, what our seminaries and preachers need is not a great long education. Amen. Several years of schooling. Amen. They need to come in the presence of the living God. Now, watch this. And get a revelation of his divine will and his power and approach. And not in a critical standpoint. Well, my church don't believe it. Amen. But take off your shoes when you approach it and come reverence. Amen. You've got to come under a power and a revelation of the divine will of God. Listen folks, this is not a divine approach. Amen. And I'll say this, if we would change the way we approach our services, we would leave with different results. Amen. We approach supernatural services under a natural Amen. mindset. Well, this is just Sunday morning. It's just brother Paul or it's just brother David or it's just some other preacher. Amen. And that's why you leave with nothing is because you come under a critical standpoint. But if you would come like Moses come and take off your shoes and say this is the house of the living God. It is the breaking of the bread of his presence. It is the revealing of the son of man. It is the shout of the king. Amen. Coming in the camp. You would leave with a different result. Come on, folks. Amen. I think we ought to start putting more in our services. I guess it's just the evangelist coming out, but are you hearing me? Amen. Sometimes we'd get more out if we would put more in. Now, y'all y'all remember, I'm sure you've heard that story of the of the the father and his son went to church and they passed the offering bucket around and his father just reached in there and pulled out a dollar and threw in the offering bucket, sat through the service and got up and went home and on the way home he was riding down the road and he just started complaining, you know. He said, "Well, the music was too loud and the preacher was too loud and it was too hard on the bench and it was too quiet in here." He just complained it was too hot, it was too cold. And after about five minutes of complaining, his son looked over and he said, "Well, dad," he said, "you know, I thought it's pretty good for a dollar." See, amen. What you put in it is what you're going to get out of it. Amen. Now, you say, "Well, that's money." Well, let's move from money from from from from from from a from money standpoint to the spiritual standpoint. I could care less about your money. Amen. But what are you putting in this service? Are you putting your best amen in it? Are you putting your best hallelujah? Amen. Are you putting your best song in it? Are you putting your best attitude in it? Are you approaching it as just another Sunday? Or are you approaching it as an audience with God who is the King of Kings? He is the Lord of Lords. I say we ought to change our approach. We ought to change the way we approach the things of God. Amen. We don't need to come under a natural approach. We need to come under a divine approach because divine I love this. Amen. divine. It means of God. It means from God or like God. Amen. Or a God. Can I say this? Our God is the divine God. And I'll say this, we are the manifested divine attributes of the divine God. You can find that in future home. He said the divine architect has prepared it and designed it. He said, 'Now what a place it must be when a divine nature, a divine architect has designed it for a divine attribute that has been divinely predestinated by a divine God who is the author of divine life. There is a divine God who has predestinated Amen. a divinely predestinated attribute. Amen. Who is the author of divine life? Can I say this? You're not just a church. Amen. You're not just a group of people. Amen. Gathered in a building this morning. You are the divine bride who has been elected by divine predestination to approach the divine God. I love what says in the church age book. He said, "If you can see the truth on the election of God, then you can see many things." He said, I know I'll just add this in here, brother Paul. There's no wonder that Satan hates, Amen. the teaching of election. Amen. In the church age, brother said this. He said the teaching of election will cause emotions to rise. Amen. Can I say it like this? From Genesis to Revelation. Amen. God has established, Amen. his covenant upon the basis of election. Amen. In the book of Genesis, we find, Amen, that it was never God, man seeking God. Amen. It was God seeking man. Amen. Adam ran from God and God went seeking Adam. Right. Amen. Breaks it up in the church age book in St. John 6:37. He says, "All the Father giveth me shall come to me. And he and and him that cometh to me I shall in no wise cast out." Now look in verse 44. "And no man come to me except the Father draws him. And I will raise him up in the last day." In John 1:12, as many as received him, amen, to them gave he power to become the sons of God. Amen. Even to them that believe on his name. Now, let me let me drop something to you. That's not making yourself a son of God. But that's power to recognize that you always were a son of God. From before the foundation of the world, if your name was on the lamb's book of life, you always were a son and daughter of God. That's exactly Ephesians 1:4, according as he had chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Look here, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ himself, according to the good pleasure of his will. Now let me ask you something. What is his will? His will is his word. And what is his word? His word is himself. So it was God's desire to choose you to be here at this time. Oh God. Amen. And the only thing that could bring you to that understanding was a divine revelation from a divine God. He said, "Now Jesus Christ is choosing his own bride just the same as men choose their brides today." Always remember this. Ye did not choose me, but I have chosen you. Amen. Remember said, "Then that's according to the word of God." That the bride was chosen before the foundation of the world. So the choosing of the bride was purposed in himself. Amen. Romans 9:11 says that the purpose of God according to election might stand. He said now you cannot read it any other way that the heart purpose the eternal purpose of God was to take of his bride a bride of his own choosing and that purpose was in himself and being eternal was decreed before the foundation of the world. Amen. Let me say this to you. The reason that you're here this morning is because you were there before the foundation of the world. And because you was there is why you're here. And why you know you'll be there is because you're here. Listen folks, it's not in your ability. It's not in your family bloodline. It's not in a human genealogology. It's in the purpose of God which comes by the election of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You didn't choose yourself. You didn't make yourself bride. Amen. If you ever was bride, it's because God before the foundation of the world chose you. Amen. Amen. He chose you to be the bride. Now, now I'll say this. At one time, this divine God we're speaking of, he was unapproachable. That's right. Y'all ever heard that before? Amen. Unapproachable. You know, Amen. And I've had people say, "Well, you're just unapproachable." Well, the funny thing is they never even tried to approach me, you know, but I'm all of a sudden unapproachable, you know. But but here, I'll move on. That's a sermon for another day. That the but but the unapproachable God, Amen, at one time was un this divine God at one time was unapproachable because you cannot approach him based on who you are. You cannot approach him based on based on what you think about who he is. You cannot approach him based on what some denomination taught you that God is. You cannot approach him based on the money in your bank account or the clothes on your body or the car that you drive or the house that you live in or the education that you hold. There's got to be a divine approach to a divine God if you're going to get an audience with him. In John chapter 1 verse one, it says, "In the beginning was the word." Now, I want I want to take a moment here and lay this down, okay? In the beginning was the word and the root from which we get our translation for word is logos which logos means thought or concept. It has the double meaning of thought and speech. Amen. It has the double meaning of thought and speech. He said now a thought expressed is a word or words. So when you think something about something you express it in words. Isn't that wonderful and beautiful that John says, "Amen, that the concept of God was expressed in Jesus." Again, Hebrews 1:1, you can read it when you get home through verse three. Now, look here, that God became expressed in the person of Jesus Christ. He said, "Now Jesus was the expressed image of God." Amen. again in John 1:14, "And the word, the expressed image, the the thought of God, the word was made flesh and dwelt among us." Now look here, the very substance of God was made flesh and dwelt among us. Now the great spirit God unto which no man could approach, which no man had seen or could behold, but was now. Somebody say now. Amen. I'm I' I've not lost my mind. Okay. Now has come the hour of true worship. Amen. Here he says, "But now tabernacled in flesh and dwelt among men, expressing the fullness of God to men." If you wanted to know what God was thinking, you just looked at Jesus because Jesus was the concept of God. Oh God. Hey, Jesus was the expressed image of God. In John 1:18, "No man has seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father. He hath declared him." Come on, folks. Jesus was doing more than just walking around performing miracles. He was doing more than just causing trouble at the local temple. He was expressing the power of God. He was declaring what God was thinking in flesh. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now he says the word declare is taken from the Greek root word which we often interpret as exagus which means to thoroughly explain and make clear. Oh mercy. When you seen Jesus you seen that God was thoroughly explained and made clear. He said that is what the living word Jesus did. Listen, he brought God to us for he was God. Now, come on, church. He wasn't bringing a thought from God. He was God. Amen. He said, see, he revealed God to us with such perfect clarity that John could say this about him in 1 John 1:1. That which was from the beginning, which we have heard. Logos means speech, which we have seen with our eyes, which we've looked upon, and our hands have handled of the word of life. For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you, that eternal life which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us, that which we have seen, and heard, declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us. And truly our fellowship is with the father and with his son Jesus Christ. Yes sir. Now brother says it beautiful. He says when God was truly revealed he was manifested in the flesh. Amen. Woo brother. When God was truly revealed he was manifested in the flesh. Now watch this. He that has seen me hath seen the father. So God was manifested in the flesh to desire to satisfy. Amen. The desire to see God. Let me say this. If there's a desire, there has to be a satisfaction to that desire. That's why David said, "Whom thou causest and chooses to approach of thee, and we will be satisfied." Amen. I love 2 Chronicles 15:15. All that Judah rejoiced at the oath, for they had sworn with their heart and sought him with their whole desire, and he was found of them. Look here. And the Lord gave them rest round about in 1 Peter 2:2, as newborn babes, amen, desire the sincere milk of the word that you may grow thereby. Brother said it like this. He said, 'We ought to be great giants in God today, not little bitty children. As long as Christ has been with us and blessing us and doing the things he has and we see his great works and still babies. Paul said when we ought to be able to give meat, we're not able to take meat because we're still giving milk. Amen. Amen. Still have to take the milk, the sincere milk of the gospel, then you should be strong and eating meat. Now, now you should be strong and eating meat. Yes, sir. Amen. Y'all forgive me for drinking on the job. Still have to take the milk, the sincere milk of the gospel. Now, look here. When we see what God does, his great mighty works, his word vindicated. He said we should be big and burly. Right now, that's what Abraham said. That's what Abraham saw when El Shadai come to him. He said, "I'm the strong one. I'm the allsufficient one." In other words, what he's saying is we don't have to take a substitutionary satisfaction because a substitutionary satisfaction is a false satisfaction. Bur said it very beautiful. He said, "That's what the Holy Ghost is to the church today." Amen. Silver and gold have I none, but I have a satisfying portion. He said, "Now, we're always talking about our insurance today." Amen. To give the undertaker. He said, "But let's get God's satisfying portion and get the uptaker instead of the undertaker." Now, now, now I want to I want to I want to show you something here because this is not milk, folks. That's right. That's exactly right. Amen. Amen. Predestination is not milk. No, sir. It's called meat. In Jeremiah 1:5, Amen. God told Jeremiah, he said, "Before you was formed in the womb of your mother," he says, "I knew thee." And now, now, now, now, folks, I just got to preach here for a second. What he's saying is all the way back at the time of conception before the child was conceived in the womb of the mother. He says, "I already knew you and I claimed you as my people." That's right. Amen. What did Peter say? You are a chosen generation. That's right. Amen. You are a royal priesthood. You are a holy nation. But what brought you from not being a people to being the people. I'll tell you what done it was the election of almighty God. Look what David said in Psalms 125:1. He says, "They that trust in the Lord shall be as mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but abideth forever as the mountains are round about Jerusalem." Listen. So the Lord is around about his people from henceforth even forever. Listen. Amen. That people that was not a people but is now the people of God. The Lord is around about his people. Amen. I love this. Amen. It's it's from a commentary. It's not from a vindicated prophet. So take it or leave it. It's not of authority. But I I just thought it was good. So the Lord is around about his people as Jerusalem is thus protected by the hills around. Amen. So the people of God are protected by Yahweh. He surrounds the church. He is exalted far above the church. Now listen, he guards the approaches to the church. He can defend it from all its foes. Under his protection, the church is safe. As Jerusalem is surrounded by hills and mountains and has thus become an emblem of the church at all times, its security was an emblem of the security of all who trust in the Lord. You say, "Who is Yahweh?" 1954, Reb said, Yahweh is God. Amen. So God Oh, God. Amen. So there is an approach to God but God has an approach to the church as Abraham had an approach through a name. Amen. We have an approach to the name of God. Abraham was called. He was justified. He was sanctified. He said there the word in Hebrew L means almighty means El Shadai which means the almighty one or L means God and shad means breath uh breast rather and Shadi in the plural I am the almighty amen I'm the strong one I'm the allsufficient one he said now see when that little baby is sick and he's fretting he got a tummy ache as long as he's laying on his mother's arms and he's nursing. It satisfies him. He said, "Now look here. Abraham believed God then cuz he had an approach to a symbol through a name. So have we an approach through a name and it's Jesus." It said, "And he shall save his people." Amen. He shall save his people from their sins. What does Jesus mean to us? Savior, El Shadai, to Abraham, the satisfier, the strong one, the salvation giver, the strength giver. Now listen, the same thing El Shadai was to Abraham, Jesus is to the believer. The same thing that El Shadi was to Abraham. Amen. Jesus is the belie to the believer. Let me say this. Jesus, Amen, is God's gift to the believer. And a true gift from God has a voice. Amen. I'll say this. Amen. We are the family of God. We We are the house of God. We are the temple of God. Brother said, "I've chose to put my name at the door of the house of my worship for my family will be gathered in there under the blood like it was in Egypt. Anything outside died in there. There's no unleaven bread. There's no leaven bread rather." He said, "There's no denominational mixture in it anywhere." Now look here. There's no denominational mixture in it anywhere. No, it's my house. That's it. That's what a prophet said. Amen. It's my children and they are born of my genes. Now look here. Glory to God. My genes are in them. That's it. Come on folks. My genes are in them. Who else stood on a platform outside of the seventh angel and said, "You are a gene of almighty God." Who else stood on a platform and said, "The same Elohim that was at Abraham and Sarah's tent door is right here in this building today." That's it. Absolutely right. What other preachers stood and said, "Elohim is materializing and making himself tangible." Look what he's saying here. They're my children. I put my word in them. My genes are in them. And I'll write them up on the tables of their heart. That's my family. Oh God, that's my family. It's the body of Jesus Christ. Now look here. I'll only meet you in the door that I have ordained. That's it. Now look here. It ain't a Methodist door. No, it ain't a Baptist door. It ain't a Pentecostal door. God's name ain't Catholic. He said, "So stay out of those doors then." That's right. Now, now, now I just I I just say this in Revelation 3:8. I love it. He says, "I know thy works, and behold, I have set before thee an open door. Amen. Okay. So, there's a divine approach to the divine God. Okay. That's it. But there's also, Brother David, an approach of God. Yes, sir. Now, oh, God. Is this okay? Amen. Amen. There's a there's a divine approach to a divine God, and that's through the channel of humility and revelation. That's right. Right. There's a channel. But look, but if you're a divine attribute, then a divine God has got to approach you under the right way, too. So, he does not approach you under some man-made denominational mixture. He approaches you, Amen, under the revelation of his name. Look here, an open door. Rebraham says, "What was it?" It was the revelation of the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. Amen. Not being a second person of a trinity, but being God himself made flesh and dwelling among us. Oh, if that revelation would ever drop in your heart, it'd make you say amen in church. If that revelation ever dropped in your heart, it'd make you back the word of God. If that revelation ever dropped in your heart, it would put joy back in your singing. It would put a It would put a heart back in your church attendance. Yeah. And then I I'm not going to back up to that devil. Revelation is not coming. Revelation is here. I'm not looking for a revelation. I'm in possession of the divine. Revelation of the power and the will of God. Look here. Revelation has come. Amen. Let me say this. Revelation of who is in our midst. Preach it now. Come on. That's it. That's good. Revelation of who? Yes sir. Is sir in our midst has come. Yes sir. Absolutely right. Absolutely right. Revelation Yes sir. of who is in our midst has come. Look what Paul said. Seeen then we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens. Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast hold fast our profession for we have not a high priest. Amen. Now somebody say, "Well, you know, brother Andrew, I just I just ain't into all this. I ain't into all this freedom and liberty and worship God and amen and the word of God and praising God and I ain't into all that." Well, well, you ain't got a revelation of who's in your midst. Well, brother Andrew, you see, I kind of like things a little formal and quiet and tight and intellectual approach. Well, you ain't got a revelation of who's in your midst, right? Because if you had a revelation of who was in your midst, you would do what Paul said. He can be touched. Amen. Look at this word touch. It means to be affected with the same feeling as another. Look here with the feeling of our infirmity, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. When the revelation of the open door, the supreme deity of Jesus Christ, Amen, drops into your heart, can I say this to you? It's an open door in front of you. That's it. Amen. That's exactly right. There you are. If you want to get out of something, you got to have a door to go through. That's exactly right. Amen. Amen. I'm not gonna hold you all day. I don't want to bore you to death all day. That's all right. But can I say something to you? You've got to have a revelation. You can't just work your way out of it. Come on. You got to have a door to go through to get out of the situation. Listen, folks. We will not teach our way out. Come on. I believe in good family counseling, but there's situations you will not counsel people out of. It'll take a revelation of Jesus Christ, the power of God to open a door in front of a believer and give them a strength to walk through that door. Right. Amen. Look what he says. When that revelation drops in your heart, he said, "Let us therefore come boldly." There you are. That's it. There you are. Did I read that right, Brother David? Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace. Yes, sir. Now, now, am I reading this right? Yes, sir. That we may obtain mercy. Amen. and we might find grace to help in the time of need. Let us therefore come boldly. Boldly. Well, I guarantee you that word boldly means getting up on your feet and stomping. Hallelujah. And and and kicking the pews out of your way and slinging devils out of your way. And sure, that's what it means, right? Paul says, "Let us therefore come boldly." Look at this word boldly. It's a freedom in speaking. That's right. It's unreservedness in speech. It means to speak openly without concealment, without ambiguity, without the use of figures and comparisons. Amen. Oh, mercy. It is to speak free and fearless with confidence. It is to speak of assurance. Listen what G listen at St. Matthew 13:34. And all these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables, and without a parable spake he not unto them. Look in verse 35. That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open up my mouth in parables. I will utter things which have been kept secret. Oh God, church, are you hearing me? I will speak things. I will utter things which have been kept secret from where? From the foundation of the world. So when the thunders thundered, when the thunders uttered their voices, it was more than just a preacher. It was God speaking and bringing revelation to symbols to give you a boldness. Amen. To give you a strong confession. Because you're not going to approach God by the way you think. You're not going to approach God by the way you dance. You're not going to approach God by the way you sing. You're going to approach God by the things you say if you're going to get an audience with him. Amen. Amen. Brother Andrew, what are you saying? I'm saying what the brother said. He said on earth he was a prophet. In heaven, he's the priest. Amen. Coming and coming back to earth, he is the king of kings. He that was that is Jesus the prophet. He that is, he's the high priest making intercession. Yes, sir. He is one who can be touched. Come on, folks. How many more times you going to sit there and not touch him and let opportunities pass you? Amen. To touch him. Now, now, now y'all ever heard Brother Brim tell that story? He said, "There's that man sitting in the prison cell and he said he's sitting there and he said he's got his back to the door and he said all of a sudden a man walks down there and he starts knocking on the door." And the man just sits there with his back turned and he said, "Hey, would you turn around? I want to talk to you." He said, "Would you look at me? I want to talk to you." And the man sit there with his back to him. He said, "Leave me alone. Come down here to torment me in this prison cell. Leave me alone. I'm fine down here." He said, "No." He kept knocking on the door, brother Paul. He said, "I just want to talk to you." Amen. I just want to talk to you. And the man kept his back to him. So all of a sudden, the man that was knocking on the door, Brother Thomas, he just turned and he walked off. And the and and the man in the prison cell, he looked to another inmate and he said, "Who was that?" Yeah. Who was that? You know what he said? He said, "Sir," he said, "you just made the most foolish mistake of your life." He said that was the governor who came down here to pardon you and you wouldn't even turn around and say I mean you wouldn't even turn around and look at him. That's it. Well, I'll just preach an amen myself if I got to. Are you hearing me? When there's a knock on the door, you've only got a small amount of time to make a reaction. Come on. Amen, brother Paul. You ever been sitting at the house? Amen. And somebody knock on the door. You know when somebody's knocking, what you say? You say this. Who is it? Yeah. Yeah. Who is it? Who is it? But you let him knock for a little bit and you never respond to the knock on the door. Amen. After a while, you'll get up and go to the door and open it and you won't be able to say, "Who is it?" You'll have to say, "Who was it?" Come on, church. You won't be able to say, "Who is in our service this morning?" Amen. Trying to open up our hearts and trying to impart his word. But if you sit there before long, he'll leave and you'll have to say, "Who was it?" All right. I say, "God, never let the day come that we have to say, who was it?" Let us respond to the revelation that is knocking at our door. Who is it? Hallelujah. He that is, he that is, that is he. I love that. He that is, that is he the high priest. making intercession and he is one who can be touched. Yes sir. That is exactly right with the feeling of our infirmities. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Brother said he is the same in every way except the corporal body. Rather, he's the same Christ. Look in Acts 199, Acts 3:19. Repent you therefore, and be converted that your sins may be blotted out. For when the times of refreshing, my shall come from the presence of the Lord. Now, now look in verse 20, folks. This is a promise. And he shall send. There he is. He shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you. Can I say this? Jesus Christ is the high priest and the message of the hour is the announcing. The high priest has returned to the church. Amen. It's the revelation of true predestination. It's the revelation of election coming into your heart. Listen, the message of the hour, Amen, is the announcing. Yes. You can now rightly approach him. Amen. Amen. Right. Amen. You now know what to say. Oh my. That's it. To get an audience with him. Thank you, Lord. Look at look here, brother B stands there. He says, he says, "Now remember that that now I'll just prove it to you in Matthew chapter nine. The Bible says this, behold, a woman with disease with an issue of blood for 12 years came behind him and touched him of his garment." Now, now, now folks, she came boldly. She came boldly. You know how she came boldly? For she said within herself, "If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole." And Jesus turned him about and went and he saw her and he said, "Daughter, be of good comfort. Thy faith may be whole." Amen. Brother said, "There's a color lady sitting there with a red hat on, praying for a stomach condition. You can receive your healing. See that did it. I don't know the lady. I've never seen her. You say, "How'd that happen, brother Brandham? I don't know." That woman was sitting there praying. Ask her and something she touched. And when it did, I seen the light go over and break. And there was a vision and the woman with a stomach trouble backing away. He said, "Now rich foods make her sick and nausea and acids on her teeth and things. It's a peptic ulcer." Can I say this? But she's going to be well now. Amen. Amen. Now he's been made approachable. That's right. Now the hour of worship has come. Amen. He said, "Well, look at her. She's 20 to 15 20. She's 15 yards from me. We don't know each other." What happened? She touched something that's present to fulfill the Bible that the high priest can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Amen. Now, the same Jesus, not me. She touched him. I'm a man. I don't know her. Now, now folks, this is this is beyond religion. Brother Brandham, he said, "Now look here. You say, "Who did they touch?" He said, "Not brother Brandham, the same yesterday, today, and forever." But Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Y'all, y'all remember in those prayer lines, Brother would stand there and he'd be preaching and he'd say, "Now, now, who did they touch?" That's exactly who did he touch? Who did she touch? He said, "See, I want to ask somebody. Question the woman. Report her, whoever you wish. See if I've ever seen her. What did she touch? She never touched me. She's 20 ft away from me or 30. What did she touch? Are you ready for this? The high priest. Christ. This one who has his picture here. Amen. We're not approaching the high priest that is a million miles away. We're approaching the living omnipotent. Christ is present now to heal every person in here. Can I say this to you? He's the God of heaven. Brother Bram says, "And he's present now." Amen. Another one. How could you doubt when Jesus Christ, the son of the living God is present here now, his great Holy Spirit in this building? Hallelujah. He said, "See what it is? It's a divine approach." Let me say that same God that was in the days gone by that we speak so much of, he is present here now. Not by some theological understanding, but by a personal knowledge of his vindication that he would pour out in the last days, the Holy Spirit upon his church. He is not an I was. He is still the I am. Remember folks, your approach determines your results. He said those who thought he was beyond smacked him in the mouth and felt no virtue. But the woman who touched him, the hem of his garment run out and she got healed. He said, "If you think it's the devil, then you get a devil's reward. If you think it's God, then you get God's reward." He said, "You get the son of God's reward." Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hey, judge. I'd like to talk to you sometime. You'll never get an audience with him. Hey, young lady. Like to talk to you sometime. How you doing? You'll never get an audience with her. Right. Hey, king. What's happening, pal? How's things going in your kingdom? You'll never get an audience with the king. That's right. Amen. I'm Methodist. I'm Baptist. Yeah. You'll never get an audience with a God right of this Bible but when you approach him Amen with the right speech with the right words you say what are you getting at I'm I'm going to close on this Mark 7 the Bible talks about that Saraphene woman whose daughter was grievously she vexed with the devil remember that and remember she come up there and she and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter but Jesus said unto hurt brother Paul. He said, "Let the children first be filled." Well, what was she? He said, "For it's not meat to take the children's bread and cast it unto the dogs." And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord." Her approach. Yes, Lord. Yet the dogs under the table, that's it. Eat of the children's crumbs. Can can Can I show you how powerful this is? And he said unto her, for this saint, it go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. She never even got home and told her daughter what happened. Jesus never went by the daughter's house. Yeah. But when she got home, her daughter was delivered. Look at that word saying it's of a speech. It's of a word and it's uttered by a living voice. That's it. And it embodies a conception. Amen. Or idea. Rebraham said, "See what happened?" He said, "Jesus himself tried to discourage her." He said, "Oh, but Christ himself stand there trying to discourage her." But she held on. He said, "If you approach the Holy Ghost, the gift of God, in the right way, you'll not only get crumbs, you'll get a plate full." Amen. Amen. Amen. If you'll just approach it in the right way. For this saying, thy daughter is healed. Amen. I love it. Reb said, "Listen." He said, said, "That's the truth, Lord, but the dogs eat the scraps from under the master's table." He said, "For this saying, because look, because you said it." He said, "That high blood pressure you've gotten, heart trouble, if you'll believe it with all your heart, it'll leave you. Will you accept it?" See, that was your trouble, wasn't it? It's true. Just believe it. Now, now, now, folks, I can go from the woman with the issue of blood. I can come down to the sire Phoenician woman. I can come down to Martha when she ran out to meet Jesus. And the Bible said she didn't upgrade him. She didn't go out there and let him have it and give her a piece of his mind and or a piece of her mind and tell him everything he done wrong. But she went out there because she was looking for a divine result. Amen. She knew that this was the divine God manifested in flesh because she had read where Elisha and the Shounomite woman were God was in his servant Elijah. And she knew that if God was in Elijah, he had to be in his son Jesus. So when she approached him, she didn't approach him by saying, "Lord, if you'd have been here, I'll tell you right now, Lazarus wouldn't be dead and things wouldn't have been this way." No. When she approached him, she she reverenced him. Amen. And she said, "Lord, even now." That's right. Amen. Her approach created a divine result. Yes, sir. Look at Hattie, right? She didn't ask for nothing. She was just sitting there. Now, now notice this, brother David. It don't say she did the right thing. She said the right thing which pleased the Holy Spirit. Sister Jerry, when she heard Brother Bram telling about those squirrels and she said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." That saying has went around the world. Come on, folks. That saying is is impacting churches and people and mothers all over this world. Right. I've been in Africa. I've been in India. I've been in Europe. I've been in Canada, Australia. I've been the Lord's given me the grace to go around the world preaching this gospel all across America. And I've never I've never preached a testimony of Hatty Wright one time. But what the power of God didn't drop in the building and take over a mother's heart because she said the right thing for this saying had amen. When she said that ain't nothing but the truth. That was the conception. That saying was her conception of God. Oh God. Amen. I I wish I had the ability to bring it to you the way the Lord's been putting it on my heart. That that saying was the embodiment of the conception of what she thought. That's right. About what she was hearing right and the Holy Spirit spoke back and said, "Hatty, ask anything you will." And I'll give it to you right now. Amen. Folks, let me say this to you. Brother Brand preached it for many years. Behold, a greater than Solomon is here. The Queen of Sheba, a greater than Solomon is here. Behold, a greater than Solomon is here. But he come to the end of his ministry and said, "Behold, a greater than Solomon is here now." And showed you that this word is putting you back. Amen. In the presence of the divine judge himself. And there's a people on the earth now who have obtained mercy. Amen. Through the blood, Amen. The grace of God is upon your hearts. And if anybody's got a right to come boldly to the throne this morning is the divinely predestinated attribute of the divine God. And you'll find help. Amen. You'll find help. Amen. In the time of need, and you'll obtain mercy. Yes, sir. And grace. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Yes, sir. Let our musicians come. Amen. Reverend said, "Depends on how you approach it. Depends on what you're looking for. When you go to church, it depends on what that's you're looking for, folks. The revelation is not coming. The revelation has come. That's right. That's right. That's exactly right. The revelation is not coming. That's right. The revelation has come. Amen. Reb said, "See," he said, "look, Jesus said, "Say to this mountain and you heard what had taken place." Amen. Look here. Jesus said, "Say to this mountain and you've heard what's taking place." He said, "Now listen." He said, "That's the ministry that we're entering into." He said, "We're way up the road now. Soon the coming of the Lord Jesus, and we've got to have rapturing faith in a church that can be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye to go out or will not go. But don't worry, it'll be there." Ain't that powerful? Don't worry, it'll be there. And when the power of this church rises, it'll bring its brethren. The power of that church rises will bring its brethren. The power of that church will bring the other brethren. There will be a general resurrection. Now folks, faith is a revelation. Amen. I got to looking at that the other day, brother Paul in Mark 7. And Jesus looked at her and he said, "For this saying, thy daughter is made whole." I looked that up in the Amplified Bible and I love the the translation there when it said for this sane. It said her saying reflected her humility. That's it. And her faith. Amen. Look, humility brings power. Amen. Can I Can I just say this to you? These the message of the hour, it's not just quotes, folks. No, sir. Can I? No sir. C can can I take you a step further? Yes, sir. There's things we say in the message that you can say to message believers and they're and they're and they're commonly repeated sayings. They're commonly repeated phrases and you you ever say them and just watch faith rise in the building. Brother Paul, you've been around the world preaching. You ever just say certain things, Brother Bam said, and then just watch the watch the faith of God's people just just go so high. Amen. You know what's doing that? It's because the Bible said, "Unseal the saints of God." Amen. Don't seal the saints of God. Unseal them. That's right. Because now is the time to say them. Amen. That's it. If there's ever been a time to say you're the sinless, spotless bride of Jesus Christ, now's the time to say it. If there's ever been a time to say some morning between 6 and 9, there's going to come a cold sweep over the church and we're going to be changed. Now is the time to say it. If there's ever been a time to say, "You are the invincible army." That's right. Now is the time to say it. If there's ever been a time to say you can live so close to God that the devil don't know what to do with you. That's right. Now is the time to say it for this sane. Listen folks, I don't know about you, but I've been been meditating on this for a few days and I just say, "Lord, change my speech." Amen. Give me the right speech. to approach you in the right way that I might receive a divine result. Do you love him this morning? Won't you stand to your feet with us? Amen. Faith is a revelation. Brother said it very beautiful. He said made known only by revelation of words through the prophets. He said, "But now has become Emmanuel, God with us." I love what he says. He said, he says, "Now, if you open your mouth," Brother Paul, God promised he would feel it. Amen. You know what else he said? He said, "When a son of God takes the word of God and places it upon his lips, it's the same as deity speaking. If I could but touch the hem of his garment, I know I'll be made whole. Amen. Lord, even the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from the master's table. Lord, if you would have been here, our brother would not have died. But even now, yes, see those had it right. That ain't nothing but the truth. Those saints was their approach to God. Amen. They approached him. They approached him by th I'm sorry. I'm trying to get it out the best way I know how. Those saints declared what they believed about him. [Music] Can I ask you something this morning? What are you saying right there? Can I tell you something? What you say about your church declares what you think about it. What you say about the services you come to declares what you think about them. Right. That's right. Come on, folks. What you say about the pastor and the man of God declares what you think about him. That's right. That's it. Our saints determine the results. Yeah. I say, God, this morning, change my speech, Lord. Change my speech, Lord. Lord, I want to say the right thing. I want the works of righteousness to follow my life. I want to be a believer. You love him this morning. Let's bow our hearts. Almighty God, we bow our hearts in your presence this morning. Father, knowing that your word is true, knowing that your spirit is real. And Lord, knowing that we're not just approaching a Sunday morning service or we're not just approaching a a Wednesday night service, Lord. Father, I as a preacher, Brother Paul, Brother David, Brother Thomas, and these are the men of God in the building, Lord. Father, when we approach the pullpit, we're not just approaching another time to preach, but Lord, change our speech, Lord. [Music] Lord, Lord, bring our speech underneath the control of revelation. Lord, that we would [Music] say, Lord, we would say that which would be pleasing unto you. Lord, you've sent a prophet in this day. and he's taught us. He's instructed us. He's showed us and revealed to us the saints of God. Now, Father, may your spirit this morning overshadow this congregation, Lord. Father, I think of Mary. She said the right thing, Lord. She said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Lord, we could we could spend hours combing through the Bible and the message, pulling and collecting those sayings of God. Lord, this is the time to say them. You've unsealed it. Lord, you've unsealed it so somebody could say it. And we are the chosen generation. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes. Thank you, Lord. We are that royal people, that royal nation, that Lord, that people that was not a people but is now a people having obtained mercy, Lord. And your prophet said, "What is mercy?" It's the word of the age. Hallelujah. The mercy of the age is the word of the age. Father, you unsealed it, Lord, so a people could say it. Now, Father, may these things settle in the hearts of your children. Lord, if the burdens and the pressures and the heaviness of life is so weighed them down that they don't know how to approach you properly anymore, Father, may you bring a change in their heart. Oh God, may you bring a change in their approach, Lord. Father, for every believer here this morning, Lord, may you teach us your approach by your word. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. I I pray something has been said to you to be a blessing to you this morning. I I pray the word of the Lord has has spoke to your heart. I pray you say today I'm going to change the approach. I want to see divine results. So I got to come a divine approach. You love him this morning. I tell you what, you change your approach and you'll change a lot of things. Amen. Change your approach. Amen. It'll change a lot of things. Change the atmosphere in your house. Amen. I'm not going to start preaching again. Change the atmosphere in your church. Amen. Change the atmosphere on your job. Amen. Change the atmosphere in your marriage. Absolutely. A divine approach right will produce divine results. Amen. A carnal approach will approach approach will produce carnal results. A natural approach, casual approach get you casual results. A leosysian approach will get you leotian results. A lukewarm approach will get you lukewarm results. Sure, brother Paul, you're a pastor. You know what I'm talking about. Amen. Brother Andrew, I don't know why in the world my kids are struggling, but when's the last time you sat down and prayed and read the Bible? That's right. Turned on the tape and create an atmosphere in the home, right? Amen. That's the truth. Come on, folks. We can't approach things the way the world approaches it. And expect to get the results that God gives when he's approached the right way. I say this morning, Lord, I raise my hands. Lord, change my approach. Change my approach. Brother Paul, would you come this morning? God bless you, friends. We love you with the love of the Lord. Amen. Thank you for being a a very attentive audience this morning. God bless you. Be our prayer. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Were you blessed this morning? Amen. I just really appreciate just that straightforward approach what we need to hear. Amen. As he's closing out, it was just a confirmation to me. I was thinking earlier the song change my heart, oh Lord. Amen. And I just believe as brother Andrew is just closing us out. Changing atmosphere, changing these things. Amen. Let's just sing that that song. Amen. Brother Isaac, I believe a fewer. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Just let it be a prayer today. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. For you are the part. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Let it be your prayer today, saints. Oh, change my heart, oh [Music] God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you for you are my partner and I am your clay. Build me and make me know this is what I [Music] pray. Oh God, may it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. I'll I'll restrain myself from commenting because there's so many things that touch me as a pastor and on a personal level. uh just uh really appreciate the Lord just bringing and speaking to our hearts directly. Sometimes we just we just have to hear it in that direct fashion. Amen. I would like to just sing a little song something. This is just very personal to me as it is. But the song wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me as brother Andrew was preaching. You know, sometimes uh you know, they say confession's good for you. There's there's times we find ourselves in a little cycle. And I come across a deal the other day that touched me and it says, "Usually when you're unhappy with others, you were unhappy with yourself first." And I thought, Lord, I want to have a different confession. Amen. Instead of looking at what is wrong, let me be reminded every day. Amen. What is right, the word has called me, changed my life. The Lord is not going to show himself to me. He already has. Amen. And I just was thinking of this song. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me, my counselor, the prince of peace. Brother Isaac, will you just come and lead us in that [Music] song? Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. My heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saved, satisfied, banishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to deliver. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been forgiven and my name is inscribed on the book of heaven. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me the counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way holding sweet communion. Oh what change grace hath wrought in my lowly station since my soul has receiveful and free salvation. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. We just give him a clap offering this morning. Amen. [Music] Amen. I just had a couple songs. I'm going to say a blessing over the food for this afternoon. Amen. Amen. I wanted to sing one of the few. Just thinking about some of the things he said there. Do you believe that this morning? I am one of the few. Yes. one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong for the bride, there's a way providing. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. I am one of the few. Yes, one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way providing. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Amen. I'm going ask brother Thomas, you want to come close the service and just uh say grace over the food. Amen. Ain't God good? He's just thankful to for the word. Let's just bow our heads this morning as we bless this food. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just want to Oh Lord, I think about those 10 lepers, Lord, who you healed, Lord. And Lord, you only had one that would come back, Lord, and give you thanks, Lord. So, first off, Lord, we just want to say thank you, Lord, for what you've done this morning, Lord. Thank you for the word, Father God. Lord, thank you for waking us up this morning, Lord. Thank you for your grace and your mercy, Lord, and all your kindness towards us, Father God. Lord, we thank you for just sending Brother Andrew, Lord, to to speak the word of life, Lord, and break the bread to us this morning, Father God. And Lord, we just want to ask you, Father, Lord, that you'll, Lord, bless this congregation, Father God. Bless the pastor, Lord, continue to move, Lord, among them, Lord, and bless them, Father God. Lord, we just want to ask, Lord, that you'll bless this food, Lord, that's been prepared, Lord. Sanctify it, Lord. all the sisters, Lord, who've, you know, worked and prepared, Lord, and we ask that you would just bless them tfold, Lord. Lord, we just want to thank you for all you've done, Father God. Lord, we even ask, Lord, that as we go our separate ways, Lord, this evening, Lord, that you'll be with us, Lord, you'll continue to give us grace and mercy, Lord. Lord, bless me and brother Andrews in our travels back home, Lord, tomorrow. And Lord, above all, we just want to give you all glory and honor and thanks, Father. Lord, Lord, we ask this all in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Um, as we're dismissed, uh, one of the songs that was going through my mind as he was preaching there was about our approach. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. When when he says come, he's already chosen us. He's already said come. Hasten to him. Glad and free. Hallelujah. Let's just sing that together. I am resolved. [Music] I am resolved no longer to linger. Charmed by the world's delight. Things that are higher, things that are no. These have a lured my side. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to go to the Savior. receiving my sin and strife. He is the true one. He is the just one. He hath the words of life. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. [Music] Jesus greatest, highest, I will come to thee. I am resolved to follow the Savior, faithful and true each day. He what he sayith, do what he will. He is the livinging way. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to enter the kingom, leaving the paths of sin. Friends may oppose me, foes may beset me. Still I will enter in. I will hasten to him. hastening so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest I will come to thee. I am resolved and who will go with me. Come friends without delay. Taught by the Bible, led by the spirit. We'll walk the heavenly way. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. [Music] Jesus greatest, highest, I will come to thee. God bless you. You are dismissed. [Music]
