################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - July 2, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  God's Achievement #4 - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    July 2, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  "God's Achievement #4"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xFNfAMc4D0
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] He's making [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you guys. [Music] Put that on for me. There you go. Thank you. Yeah. This is your house. Let's sing that together before we start here. Amen. Amen. You believe that? Do you believe you're the house of God? God bless you. God bless you, brother. Our sister Alice, right? didn't get that wrong. Okay, good to see you. Amen. I don't know. Let's start with the chorus. Okay. This is your house. Father, come and see. Well, this is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. [Music] This is your house. Come and dwell. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. Let's like to go to number 565 if you would, brother Ivan. Do you know who holds tomorrow? Are we assured of that? Then there'd be no grumbling, no murmuring. We say, "How do I control that?" You're in the great battle. Do you believe that tonight, sister? You need to be over here. [Laughter] [Music] I'm I'm used to looking here where the No, that's all right. She'll probably sit with you. But we are in the greatest battle ever fought. And where is it going on? In your mind. You have authority to control your mind. Take authority by the word. Bring the word up in the battlefield. Amen. And you've won. We have a choice. Some God gave us the power of choice. Amen. So let's sing this together. I know who holds tomorrow. I don't know [Music] about tomorrow. I just live from day to day. I don't borrow from it sunshine. Forest skies may turn to gray. I don't worry or the future for I know what Jesus said. And today I'll walk beside him for he knows what is ahead. Many things about tomorrow I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. Every step is getting brighter. Thank the Lord. has a goal then stairs I climb. Every bird's g in that soul realm. Amen. Every cloud is silver light. There the sun is always shining. Amen. There no tear will dim the eye at the ending of the rainbow where the mountains touch the sky. anything about tomorrow I don't seem to understand but I know hallelujah who holds tomorrow and I know who holds my hand I don't know about tomorrow. It may bring me poverty, but the one, think of it, who feeds the sparrow is the one who stands by me. And the path that be my portion may be through the flame or flood, but his prayer, think of it, goes before me. Hallelujah. And I'm covered with his blood. That's it. Many things hallelujah about tomorrow I don't seem to understand but I know who holds and I know who holds my hand. Aren't you glad you know whose hand you hold? Glory to God. Amen. He's holding you. Praise God. Think of that. Just stay behind the wall. Stay behind his word. That's your absolute. That's the amen. It's not for you to know how or when or how he's going to do it. He will do it because your absolute isn't your feelings. Isn't your senses, isn't your reasoning or others say or do. It's the word. Hallelujah. God help me not to minister. Amen. That's right. Just lead songs. Number 54, Ivan, you may be seated. God bless you. I'm I'm sorry. Number 54. 541. I'm sorry. Let the Lord have his way. How many is willing to let the Lord have his way? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let the Lord have his way. Huh? Let the Lord have his way in your heart every day. There's no rest. There's no peace until the Lord has his way. Place your life in his hands. best secure in his plans. Let the Lord Oh, let the Lord have his way. Once again, let the Lord have his way in your heart. Let him umpire, brother, sister. There's no rest. There's no peace until the Lord has his way. Place your life in his hands. Rest securely in his plans. Let the Lord Let the Lord have his way. Amen. Can we say amen? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Number 589. And I don't know if you know this song. How many know Constantly Abiding? It's an old song. Some of them don't know and some of them think you know and haven't sung it for a long time. Right, Sister Sue? It's an old song that if you don't know it, just listen. I don't want to sing a solo, but I guess I do anyway with this. Okay. Can you start the verse? There's a place in my heart. Huh? G, right? Yes. G. Yes. G. There's a There's a That's something I've sang this all afternoon. There's a there there's a peace in my heart. No, not it. You help me with Oh, there's that. The world never gave. Hey, no, that's not right. All right, I'm just going to have to tell the devil to back off. Amen. There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave. A peace it can not take away. Oh, the trials of life may surround like a cloud. I have a peace that has come here to stay. Constantly [Music] abideing Jesus is mine. I'm constantly [Music] abiding. Grab your divine. He'll never leave me lonely. Whispers oh so kind. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. Third verse. Third verse. This treasure I have in a temple of clay while here on his foottool I roam. But he's coming to take me some glorious day over there to my heavenly home. Well, I'm constantly abiding. Jesus is mine. constantly [Music] abiding rapure divine. Amen. He never leaves me lonely. Whispers oh so kind. I'll ever leave thee. Jesus is. Let's sing the third verse again. This and this treasure I have in a temple of clay. While here on his foottool I roll. But he's coming to take me some glorious day over there to my heavenly home. Constantly abiding. Jesus is mine. constantly abiding, [Music] rapture divine. Amen. He never leaves me lonely. Whispers oh so kind. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. Aren't you happy for that? I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. You know, his thoughts are higher than our thoughts. His ways are higher than our ways. You have to trust him. He's leading perfectly and he's made your way perfect. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. One song more before we go to prayer. Number 10. Got any rivers that you think are crossable? Amen. Amen. God, any rivers you think are uncrossable, God, any mountains you can tunnel through, God special. That's right, brother, sister. in things thought impossible. And he will do what no other power can do. One more time. God in any river. Don't let the birds roost you think are uncrossable. The devil will tell you that not any mountains you can't tunnel through. God specializes in things thought impossible. and he will do what no other power can do. Let's stand together this evening. Have one request. Please pray for my son Dana. The markers in his blood for the cancer has doubled. Please pray for healing and God's will in his life. Thank you, Sister Sue. Amen. May God's perfect desire and will be done in that, brother. Amen. Amen. I know there's other requests, any unspoken requests. I know there's people online which we welcome tonight with all of our hearts. May God bless the word to your hearts. And I know there's those that we've been praying for, requested. You know who they are. Let's just go together in prayer. Our heavenly father, blessed be thy holy name. Thou art the redeemer. Thou art our salvation. There's nothing impossible. All things are possible to them that believe. All things. And Lord Jesus, you forgive us where we've aired. You forgive us for listening to our feelings, our reasoning of the enemy against the word. Lord, when you say it's so, it's so. When you said what you've done is done, is done. When you said, Lord, that we are free, we're free. And Lord Jesus, we just accept it on the battlefield. We place it against the power of the enemy. We stay behind the word that it's written. That's our stay. That's our comfort. That's our peace. We're expecting you to speak tonight, Lord. We're expecting you to minister your word in the power of faith, the power of the resurrection, the power of the Holy Spirit. We're expecting to leave here tonight raised to a higher plane. And Lord Jesus, we bring this need to you of our brother Dana. Lord God, he needs a release. He needs to repent. He needs to turn around and realize where he's at. And only you can do that. May you grant that to him. That's the first thing we ask. And then the next thing, Lord, may he realize, Lord, and accept healing for his body. But Father, may you deal with him in that soul realm. We do pray for deliverance. We pray for healing, Lord. But oh, Father, may you turn him around. God, I know that's the prayer of his mother. That's the prayer of the brothers and sisters. We love him, Father. We want to see him free. So may you fulfill your desire and perfect will through all of this to that point right there Lord that you would cause him to be desperate and Lord may he be set free from that cancer for your glory and honor we pray in these unspoken requests thou know us every one of them. You know our future. You know what the next moment holds. We do not but you do. And what a comfort it is to put our trust completely and totally in the promise. Lord, you're here to fulfill the promise. You're here in us to do that promise. Let us take a hold of the word and not turn, but give thanks and water it day by day. Lord, regardless of what happens the next moment, every breath is in your hands. You can turn the moment, you can turn it around. I've seen you do it so many times, Father, and I know you'll do it again and again. And the answer is even now on its way to and you have a perfect time to glorify and manifest yourself. This is what we expect to do because you made that as a promise to us your elect and it cannot fail. Lord for us to live as Christ and to die as gain. Oh Jesus may you guide the meditation Lord the the words of our mouth and the meditation of our heart from this moment forth. Let it be acceptable, Father. And Lord, we ask these things now and for your glory and honor. Remember those, Lord, that we've had requests for, many that unspoken, but Lord, you know what's in their hearts and what's on our hearts. And those listening in, may you bless the word to them in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Number 443 with Ivan. Leave it there. Just take your burden. Put it right back in his hands. Your eyes, your ears, your hands. Give it to him. Brother Adam said in one place that that's all you need to do. Yeah. And remember what he said when he said when you say here am I Lord lead me guide me direct me in what pleases you and you know what pleases him he may send he may commit you to death like he did Paul he may Amen but I'm glad there's a peace in our soul. Amen. Aren't you? He's not an author of frustration. He has a purpose in everything he allows you to go through. Amen. Amen. I'm thankful for that. If the world from you withhold of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with meager f. Oh, just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. He knows how to direct you. Take your burden, too. And he will inspire in his time. Amen. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, if your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, when your enemy on the battlefield, your heart begins to fail. Don't forget that God always answers prayer. He will make amen when it looks impossible. He'll lead you safely through. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Amen. Oh, leave it. I don't care how big the burden is. Leave it there. Amen. Take your burden, put it on his shoulders, and leave it there. He'll accept the obligation if you trust and never doubt. He will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, when your youthful days are gone and old ages stealing on and your body bends beneath the weight of care, he will never leave you. Then he'll go with Oh, hallelujah. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Well, just leave it there, brother and sister. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, if you trust and ever doubt, he will surely break. I say amen. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. 437. Amen. No, I'll change that, brother. Let's three number 33. I think I'll skip that one. Amen. And brother, you can come up on this song. It'd be fine. How do you want your cup filled? Amen. I want my cup filled. In fact, I want it overflowing. You know what I want it to overflow for? Cuz eternal life is living for others. I want that cup filled, restored, refreshed. I plan to be refreshed tonight. That's what I come for. Amen. Amen. And it's not up to B Paul Paul the man. It's up to Paul to move out of the way. It's up to God to speak. Amen. You really expect him to then he will. Amen. Amen. To you personally. Amen. Like the Okay. I was going to sing the chorus, but like the woman at like a woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy. Then I heard my Savior say he's speaking. Draw from my well that never shall run dry. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I walk no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. We'll go the first verse again. Before I do this, I can never hear this song sung, and I know this may not mean a lot to you, but I can hear my mother singing it at full gospel businessmen's meetings back in Phoenix and many other songs she sang in churches. She had a beautiful soprano voice and I I I say that just it's just it's just like I'm hearing her all over again. She was truly hungry. And you know what? That's before they knew the message. But God satisfied it. Sing it again. Like the woman. You're like the woman. I'm like the woman at the well. There's nothing in the world satisfies. Nothing of treasures of this world, nothing of your human natural desires will satisfy. Only thing it satisfy is an opening of the word in that soul. Amen. Like the woman at the well, I was seeking things that could not satisfy. And then I heard my Savior speaking. That's what we expect tonight. Draw from my well that never shall run. Come. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. You know, I've taken about 5 minutes of my brother's time. So, we'll give him five minutes more. I may say amen. Maybe longer than that if he so desires. God bless you. Amen. Let's just stand and sing that chorus again as we just go into the word. Amen. Just desire tonight, you know, sometimes I I think you would relate to this. Sometimes you just have a rough week and at the end of that week or sometimes it's a rough midweek. You just feel drained. You just feel like already it's like, "Oh, I've put out all the energy, all the effort, all the ability that I have." And truly, I think that is a a perfect song. Fill my cup. Amen. It's Paul. Amen. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, [Music] feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. [Music] Amen. It's good to be here tonight. I was just sitting here just thinking uh during the song service right there and it just reminded me there's just a small group but remember brother Jason how he used to say this is family. Amen. And I just had to chuckle a little bit down in my spirit. It's like looks to me like the families come together to to eat together to uh fellowship to worship together tonight. And amen. You know, I have that quote uh in the in the office there that I'd rather preach to two people and be right in the eyes of the Lord. Amen. That's what we desire. And so, we're very happy to see each and every one of you, Sister Alice. Amen. Uh just um I know that sometimes public displays of affection are maybe not right, but I just I just love my my sister. She's just uh always been so sweet, so kind, so encouraging, and and uh so it's just so good to see you, Sister and Sister April. Little surprise, but your shift, however things are, we're happy you're here. And uh so happy to see each and every one of you. Now, let's just remember, you know, some of them just suffering through vacations and and you know, travels and stuff. Let's remember them in prayer also. Uh so I I want to speak to you on the thought of God's achievement uh tonight, a continuation of part four. Uh and um you know there are a lot of needs out here. I if you would just remember please uh um the young man that was with us on Sunday, Cody, I've known him since he was just a little child. Uh I had a lovely time by God's grace to visit with him and his mother, Lois. um come to the house. We sat and talked for oh something like two and a half hours. And uh and let's also remember the young ladies that had been coming and I believe they'll be back. Uh uh Megan and Aspen. Uh Amen. They've got a godly uh message believing grandmother that's behind them just praying and just witnessing to them. And then Sister Grace's friend uh Ethan, let's remember him also. You know, we're really blessed these young people. God is stirring. I was just talking to some different brothers, pastors, uh this last week and and uh people coming out of the woodwork uh and uh things happening and and uh you know, it's we see the season, right? We see everything. I'm just going to use the phrase the stars are all lining up and uh this this is the time. We see what's happening. We see how it's happening. And uh just to give you not politics here but to understand now the prophet says America's bankrupt and we just added 3 something trillion to the bankruptcy and think nothing of it. So it's there. They've already said that it would take six or seven generations being taxed to even make a dent. Just that simple prophecy. the prophet saying, "America is broke." Just a simple thing and we see it coming to pass. Amen. The signs are all around us. Lord, help us not to be blind, not to have our head in the sand, ignore it, just thinking it's another day, but God is gracious in mercy. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh let's turn our our Bibles. 1 Peter 2:7 through10. Thank you, Sister Ruth. Amen. um 1 Peter 2 chapter verses 7-10. Now tonight I just want to speak this because God's achievement. Now my brother and sister, there's a time and a place for for uh you might say the correction of the word, right? For for uh correction uh chastisement begins in the house of God. And so if we don't have it here, we're we're not going to, you might say, in a typical human fashion, self-judge oursel. We need the word to inspire us to judge oursel. Amen. And we'll look at this, but sometimes we just simply need encourage. Sometimes we just need, as it would be, the Lord would, so to speak, pat us on the back and say, "Here's my word. Just believe what my word." Brother David hit on that just a minute ago in his comments. Here's my word. Just believe it. Just trust it. This is what my plans for you are. I know my own plans. I wrote the book. Amen. And so don't don't worry about what this man says or what this group says or the negative around the group. Don't don't worry about what they're going to say. I wrote this book to you. If I didn't write it to them, then so be it. But I wrote it to you. So don't let their understanding of the book cause you to not understand the book. Trust the Lord. Unto you therefore which believe. Can we say that together? Believe. He is precious. But unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner, and a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offense, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient, where to also they were appointed. Now, this is what caught me on this subject. So, let me just take one second here. when I was reading this scripture and it struck me and and I guess I've saw it before but it just struck me in such a fashion appointed. Amen. Amen. In other words, an appointment say like the government would be to be called and placed into a position. So my brother and sister, I want you to understand, and we'll read a quote here in just a few minutes, but they were appointed. Yes, sir. But so are you. That's right. Amen. But ye, here it is. But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that ye should show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of Leodysia. called you out of the 2025 anointing in America. Amen. Been called out of that. Amen. So a pecure people that you show forth the praise of him whoath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light which in time past were not a people but are now the people of God which had not obtained mercy but now hallelujah have obtained mercy. Heavenly Father, we just thank you Lord. ask you to come speak to our hearts through your word tonight, Lord. Maybe in these troubled times, Lord, where there's pressure everywhere and hardly a place that we can go, Father, but in your presence. And Lord, sometimes even Satan follows us right in the house of God. And we find that we're thinking of problems and circumstances and not on the word. And Lord, we would just ask you this evening just to bind our thoughts to your word. Father, that we would just let the cares of life just go. Let our problems, our circumstances just go. That we could receive your word tonight. And Lord, that we could believe it and confess it. We ask for your guiding hand in the service, Lord, for those who are not here tonight. Uh circumstances unable to come, Lord. just ask you to deal kindly with each and every one for I will be blunt Lord that you would just place a greater burden in hearts to be in the house of God. Lord we love you and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I just want to go right into this. Uh so as we look in the word we we see very clearly and I won't go through some of these scriptures. We'll just kind of preach them because you know the scripture. But we'll look at this and we see that the wheat and the tears always as the scripture says where the wheat is growing where it has been sown uh the tears will come. Amen. The that evil one had come and and he swed his seed also. So my brother and sister we can tonight we can focus on on the terrors. We can say look at this and look at that. But if we're wheat, let's look at wheat. Amen. If we are wheat, amen, we know that we weren't sown by the evil one. Amen. We weren't swn by that wicked one. We were swn by our Lord Jesus Christ. And so in that realm, you know, wherever the wheat is, that tears will be present. So we know that both have to be present. Amen. We're coming right down here into the end of the ages and we're seeing how that everything coming to maturity. You know the parable and they were thinking we'll go out and we will weed out the tears. But you know the word come and spoke to them and says don't do that because as it is while you are uprooting the tear you are going to damage the wheat. Now imagine that we as as believers would operate in such a fashion that when people would come in the house of God that that maybe their thoughts, their intents, their position in life wasn't quite right and you know we just had uh you know brothers just strongarm them and toss them out the door in the parking lot and we'd say well praise God we did this for the glory of God. But my brother and sister what would that do to everyone else? It would it would cause it that that it would not be a representation because the very next Sunday maybe we would preach on the love of God and it would look like what well we didn't show any love to anybody last week and now we're all overcome with love. See that's not how it is. You have to preach the love of Christ, the gospel, the word and you have to let these things come up together because oh my I'm sad to admit this. I've been wrong before on who was wheat and tear. Some that I thought were wheat that must be going to come forth as a hundfold don't even serve God today. And some I never thought there was a hope for them or on fire for God today. There's another reason why we don't run around rooting the tears out from amongst the weed. Because if we did, we would have to say we know God's mind. And while the word does say that we have the mind of Christ, he didn't open that for us. Amen. He reserved that for himself. Now, brother Brandham's speaking here out of the seventh church age, the Sardisian church age. Uh this will not be on the screen, but he's talking about how let it be noted that the choosing and it gives an exact parallel as the illustration of Moses and Pharaoh. So God's choosing, my brother and sister, has come down that that God chose Moses. Now remember, God come to Moses out there on the backside of the desert and said, "This is what I want you to do." He uses a burning bush that is not consumed, which would be a type of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It doesn't burn for a season and burn out. Amen. It is there with us uh as sons and daughters of God. It just goes on. The Holy Ghost doesn't run out. It's not going to come down that the rapture day is decided because the o Holy Ghost, the oil has run out on that day. No, my brother and sister. So, here's Moses chose on a backside of the desert and here's Pharaoh living in a king's palace and God chose each one of those for that position. Amen. So, as it is that Moses had to have a Pharaoh and we see that Jacob had to have an Esau and Jesus had to have a Judas. Amen. So the choosing of that now I'll read this line here right out of this quote. For though Esau and Pharaoh were both fornown they were predestinated to wrath while the end of Moses and Jacob was glorification. See how that God is moving and and we don't want to sound judgmental like we would look out and say I don't think these people will and I I think those will. No, we're here uh as it is ministers preach the gospel as sons and daughters of God. Let us be living written epistles read of all men. Amen. That's our job is just to live the gospel. And what God has put in store for them will come to pass. Amen. Just as I brought that up, the prophet of God said, "America's broke." Now, my brother and sister, they're doing all this. We've saved uh we went here and saved all this money and we've saved all this money and we did all this and we did that because we actually want to blow it on our own program. So, you know, it doesn't matter. People are saying, "Oh, this is evil." But my brother and sister, this is for ordained. Yes. So, don't look at it like it was a Mr. Trump or this particular Congress. This is for ordained. And so while a bride is storing up riches in heaven, there has to be the counter type that is here, amen, that are spending themselves, you might say, into oblivion. And they're trying to create heaven on earth, but we know our treasure is laid up. Amen. We don't have to look at this world and worry about world economies because our treasure's already been laid up. And now they go on and and say here, you know, brother Brandham goes, see, they were appointed. Amen. They were appointed to that position. Now, the reason I want to make emphasis to this, I think tonight at uh even with our small congregation or turnout tonight, uh it doesn't matter because we're sitting here and I believe I can speak with this kind of confidence that you were appointed. You were appointed. You were appointed. You were appointed. Appointed. Appointed. appointed. Appointed. Appointed. Amen. This was God's decision. It's not something I'm trying to do or you're trying to do or I feel unworthy. I I feel like I failed and I just I just ought to quit. But you can't quit because you were appointed to finish the race. Amen. And as you were appointed, so shall you be. Amen. And that's the thing. So, we realize sometimes, and I know I'm probably the only one in this room that just feels like sometimes my life is an utter failure. I'm sure you guys don't deal with that. But my brother and sister, what God wants to remind us tonight is his appointment was a lifetime, eternal appointment. It didn't have an expiration date on it. It wasn't like I point you to this time. But my brother and sister, the fact he chose you and I to this day, this age, this time to the opening of the word, to the manifestation of a living word in this day shows that God has put in the plan the full victory for the bride of Jesus Christ. She She's not going to just come and have a partial victory. She's going to have a complete victory. Now, I say tonight, let's lift our hands and claim a complete victory. Amen. Lord, I want my cup filled tonight. That was so beautiful, the song. Amen. Not a partial victory, a full victory overcoming our enemy. Amen. The giant of the land. And it's there, my brother and sister, that we've already been appointed to that. Now, it would have been in doubt uh in many people's minds uh when David was going down there. You know, Saul says, "Put on my armor. My armor is a proven armor. It's a warrior's armor. But when David put that armor on, you know, we've seen many or heard many uh sermons preached on this, but imagine now you're trying to drag your denominational uh uh uh well-being, your denominational guard, your gu denominational armor. And it's actually too big for the believer. Believe it. It's too big for the believer, but not too big in the fashion our mind would think. It's too big because it's cumbered with this idea and that idea and this creed and this deal here and that deal there and there was no way. And once David, Amen, broke free of that. When he went down there, everybody's like, "Man, we're going to watch this little guy get slaughtered here." But you know what? David went down there when he picked up those stones. Imagine, I mean, I know you've thought of this, but it just strikes my heart. He's looking there in the stream bed and it wasn't just I grabbed the first five stones. He was anointed of God to pick up specific stones. And what he might not have understood and God may or may not have revealed to him, but every one of those stones had a spiritual significance in the eyes of God. And so that very first stone that David put in there, Amen. And I've heard it preached and I kind of embraced that a little bit. That first stone he put in there was faith. Amen. And he put that stone of faith in there. And when he sent faith to the enemy, the enemy was defeated. Amen. It wasn't intellectual. It wasn't a a stone of knowledge. It wasn't a stone of I belong to this church. It wasn't a stone I've been a Christian for 50 years. It was faith in what God was calling him to do. And he didn't even have to take the other four stones to defeat the enemy because faith is what we have been given by revelation to overcome. Amen. It is the key to the word. And so as it's there, we'll see how it is. And so we recognize how we have been appointed. Amen. We need to be very careful what we pick up. You know, often times you can take scripture and fight scripture with scripture. You can fight quote with quote, but we'll find when that starts to happen, we're not fighting God's fight. We're fighting man's fight. That's right. God's fight said only believe. So, I'm sorry this sounds a little little direct, but I'm slowly moving into this position in my life. I'm sorry. I'm not here to defend it. If you don't believe this is true, I I'm not even going to argue with you. God bless you. But I will say I'm confident enough where I stand that when you find out your idea is not sufficient. Feel free to come back. Amen. Feel feel liberty to come back. Because you see the revealed word is not here to fight another believer. Amen. It's not flesh and blood. Amen. principalities and powers of darkness. But how do we fight the darkness? What did the prophet of God laid it out so clear to us? How do we fight the darkness? Prayer. God answers prayer. So as we look at this, let me go on uh uh taking 1 Peter 2 8 and 9. We just read them, but I want to do see to some it's a stone of stumbling and a rock of offense even to them which stumble at the word. Amen. Now my brother and sister, let me tell you such an important ingredient. When the prophet of God talks about the bride, I'm paraphrasing this. The bride will say amen to every word of God. She's not going to stumble over it. She's going to say, "I might not understand this, but I say amen to it." Because the word is not our stone to stumble over. It might be theirs, but it's not. Amen. And the reason is is there's a disobedient spirit connected with it. The reason that they usually fight against the word is because the word is too hard for them to handle instead of saying, "I was wrong." Have you ever noticed the longer you go from point A, how do you word this poem? Yeah, straightforward. Fight with the wife. The longer you go from point A, I should be gracious to myself. The wife fights with me. Anyway, we don't want to be nitpicky, but have you ever noticed the farther we go from point A, the harder it is to repent and apologize. That's why the prophet said, "The minute the Holy Spirit deals with you," That's right. Take care of that. That's right. And so, we see how what God's doing. You know what he's actually doing? We say, "Well, he's he's causing us to repent. He's tenderizing us before a hard spirit settles in on us. He tenderizes us because we say, "Lord, you're right." I say, "Amen to the prophet's words of how we go about repenting." And yet, we still as humans sometimes struggle and we linger over it. And if we're not careful, we come to a new state of justification. I said what I said. I did what I did, but it was their fault. No, no, no. Let's not go to a new state of justification. Let's go to a present state of a repentant spirit, a tender spirit. Amen. A new chute. The scripture talks about that. The new chute growing forth tender. That's what we want to be. Amen. So, as you look at that seed there, there's this stone of stumbling. There's identifying a group. But as we come back, kind of redundant here, forgive me. But when you recognize that you are a chosen generation, and according to the word of God, we would be in the time or the season of the last generation. But I I don't want to change the word, but you know, you were chosen to be in the last generation. Amen. A royal priesthood, not just a people attending church, a holy nation. This is God blessing it as a people. peculiar people. The prophet of God says that that's not to be weird or awkward, but it's just to be that you are peculiar because you care more about the word than the average human would. You care about more about the word than the spirits of the age. You care more about your position of pleasing God than you do about pleasing man. Yes. So this is this is really what God, you know, and I I have that title, God's achievement. My brother and sister, if we really stop and look at it, we will see that this is none other than the Holy Spirit making you be who you are. Amen. Cuz otherwise we would just be good whatever. You can put the church in there. We would just be we would be the most dedicated and sincere people out here in these other churches. But God says, "You were chosen to fulfill to the fullest extent my word for the age, for this season, for this time. You were chosen for that." And he says, "So this is what I'm going to call you." Think about this. He's going to call you royal. Amen. See, it's not just about priesthood, but royal. Amen. A holy, not a nation, but a holy nation. Amen. and a people very peculiar because you put the things of God first. You would show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Just think about the days of old when the kings and they had their courts. Amen. Many a person uh take it back to the book of Esther as it were. Many a person come into the forier to see the king but he never lifted the scepter to them. Now I want you to put yourself in the place of east of Esther. We are the ERS of this generation that he has lifted the scepter. And not only has he lifted the scepter, he's come and says, I give to you even to the half of my kingdom. Talk about putting us in a position to call ourselves royal. Amen. To claim that position. See, this is what God's achieved. He's took us mere mortals and he's brought us to a place that he's inviting us into his very presence and saying, "I give to you the half of my kingdom. I give to you to sit in my throne with me." Amen. Not on the side, not down below, not behind, not out there, but to be in the throne with him. Amen. What a beautiful position that God has done. And he achieved that in spite of ourselves, in spite of our flesh, in spite of what what we think and how we were raised and whatever our reason is. My brother and sister, you know, it always reminds me people say, "Well, if if uh if we had the advantage like this person does and that person does, and then in the natural, which he is a Christian, but remember Ben Carson, the doctor." Amen. You know, he he grew up in in the ghettos. He grew up in a a a single mother. He grew up in the worst of conditions. And something in him, he said, "Someday, this is what I'm going to be." And he pressed himself to do that in a natural realm. And then he even has his testimony about how the Lord come to him. And he gave his heart to the Lord and and all that he accomplished to to be a oh, I don't know what the right word is to to be an incredible man. Amen. and his background, he says, was an advantage to him. Yeah. Because it motivated him not to stay where he was at. Now, I want us to spiritually think about this. We were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, coming to this world, speaking lies. We had all kinds of issues. And God is not going to give us an excuse to say, "Woe unto me." But we're going to look back and say, "Praise God, I am not what I used to be." Amen. I'm a new creature in Christ Jesus. I've been raised up as a royal priest. Amen. And I'm coming and I'm going to live to my calling when I was appointed. Amen. See, there's no exception to this principle even into this day. There's those that walk in darkness and are stumbling. And there's those who were called out of darkness. Amen. Some people would say, "You're judging." Well, get out of the dark then. If you feel judged, get out of the dark. Don't walk in the dark. If if you feel judged to be said you're walking in darkness, then get out of the darkness. Amen. Don't continue to walk in it and say, don't judge me. Now, in the message, I am the resurrection and the life, uh, brother Brandham says this, everything God has done, the devil made a substitute for it. Now, we don't think about this or I don't in most cases there's even a substitute Holy Ghost. That's how subtle Satan is. He created even a substitute Holy Ghost. I went to church. I felt shivers. I got emotional. All of this happened and that happened. I Oh, but you see my brother and sister, I I the Holy Ghost is pointing us in the right direction. The Holy Ghost is not going to anoint us to just continue to walk in darkness. It draws us, you know, like Epsom salts or whatever. you get a a a sliver or you have a little infection, you have a little something, you know, um you get uh whether you wrap it around your hand, your foot, your leg, or you're in a bath. The Epsom salts doesn't say, "Okay, I'm going to take you to a certain page and show you how to do this." And after a while, you know, this poisoness will be drawn out of your finger. No, the Epsom salts when it's applied starts drawing Immediately the Holy Ghost when it's applied starts drawing us out of darkness immediately. I think we all can testify of that. Amen. How the Lord comes to us, meets us wherever we're at and starts to draw us. Amen. That's the reason the two spirits in the last day come right along to be formed and fundamental. They miss the spirit altogether. You see like that. And some of these on the radical side go plum off into isms with it. But right in the middle of the road runs the true church of God standing in and full of the power of God. That's where it's at. Now certainly everything that God has, Satan has something to counterfeit it. See, he makes something out of it. And Jesus did perceive their thoughts. So therefore, the great Orthodox of those days said, "That guy is the best fortune teller in the country." Amen. Isn't that awesome? Here he is. He's discerning the very thoughts and intents of their heart. And the best conclusion that we can come as educated preachers of the message is to say that he's a good fortune teller. Yeah, he's be elabel, the prince of the devil. Is that right? Now, that's what the preachers said. My I'm sure glad I'm not really a preacher. I'm just a uh carrying the word. I I'm just as it would be a messenger boy. Amen. That's all I am. I don't want to be classified preacher if I have to be identified with this. Do you follow me? Amen. It's not just to take a position, right? But it's to have something of truth to say. Let's go on. And the great Bible teachers of that day said, "He's be elabub." Now, let's see what the devil said. I love this quote. Amen. The devil said he's the son of God. So we got all the preachers over here saying this is the devil and the devil's over here saying this is God. Amen. So the devil we know who you are the holy one of God. Ain't that right? And the case the devils had more knowledge of God than the ministry did. Is that right? And when Paul and Silas was up there and they were doing some great works for God, there was a little old fortune teller run out down the street every day and cried behind Paul and said, "These there's the men that tell us the way of life, the men of God." And here was the preacher said, "They're imposters. They turn the world upside down. They're no good." And that's what the ministry saying. They're imposters. And the devil's saying they're men of God. Now, my brother and sister, if we ever saw that take place in scripture, and we are repeating the days, this ministry in this world that we're living in today. Now, I I probably shouldn't even go there, but you know, I received another invitation. Uh I I I just continue to let them send it because it's kind of interesting to read them. and a certain church here in town, the Nampa Ministerial Association, is meeting there and they're thanking the pastor of the church for allowing them to hold it there, saying what a great minister she is. And then they wonder why I don't want to come and be part of it. One, because a prophet already warned us that this is where the ministerial associations were headed. And two, we believe it's against the word, right? So, you know what what God is saying and and uh and what you know what the ministry is saying and the devil's saying it's so interesting. Uh they're imposters. The devil's saying they're men of God. Which was right? See, the devil was right. See, every once in a while, Satan gets something right. Amen. Is that right? Sure he was. So you see even them people you can get so much on the word you think oh the word the word that's right but the gospel come not in word only but through power and demonstration of the holy spirit amen not just a spirit but power and demonstration of the holy spirit that's what's changing our life there is the sign of god's achievement in our life is that our life is being changed changed and guided and fulfilled by the Holy Spirit. Not intellectual understanding, not the quotes, just quotes, not just scripture, but the Holy Spirit giving uncction to us. And this is a crux of what you might say the prophet was saying, read between the lines. It's not just what's on the page, my brother and sister. The page has got to speak. The page has got to be real. It's got to be alive to us. Otherwise, we are just quoting. Right. And we can quote Shakespeare and not have a clue. That's right. Yeah. That's right. But the gospel came not in word only, but through the power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit until the word is made life. I love that. That stirs my heart because you see, it's not just we preach the word, we preach the word. If the word never becomes life, we have somehow missed the point. Amen. And we want the word to be life because we were called to walk in the light. Amen. And John 1 covered it very well. Like a big blanket. Amen. That was the life. And the life was the light of men. Amen. There it is coming to life to you and I. Amen. Isn't this beautiful how God is achieving his word? Amen. And we we don't go out and say mark it off. Oh, God achieved another one. God achieved another one where it's being marked off as we find oursself changing into the word. We find ourselves coming to the place that that the only place we want to check is our life to see if it matches. Amen. It's not like, oh, I've done that. I've done that. I've done that. But Lord, is my life lining up? Lord, is my life lining up? Lord is my life lining up. and we start to check in a different fashion, you know. Uh um I was I was watching a little uh video thing uh about uh cars. Uh, the check engine light keeps coming on and off on our car and I was looking on a little deal and um, one mechanic says when your check engine light comes on, it came on for a reason and it's not telling you check the muffler, check the engine. Another mechanic comes on and says the light goes on and off. It's lying to you. Ignore it. Which one do we want to believe? God says, "Check your life." When the check life light comes on, Amen. We're walking in light and it says, "Check the light." And we check the light and realize, "Lord, I want to change to match the light." Amen. I don't want it going on and off. I don't want to assume that just cuz it was on at one time, I can just continue to live drive through my life without stopping and checking my life. Amen. And some would say once saved, always saved. And there's truth there. But you see, they're looking at it. I once made a commitment and so now I don't have to worry about it ever again. I don't have to live anything. I don't have to confess anything. I don't need to do anything because I did it once. And God's saying, "I want you to check." How often did the prophet tell us to check our life? daily. Amen. So, the check life light comes on daily. Lord, help us do not ignore it. Amen. Like that one mechanic, it's just lying to you. Just ignore it. The other guy is like, I like that. It didn't tell you to check your muffler. It told you to check your engine. Amen. Lord's not telling us to check this or check that. He's telling us to check our life out. Amen. Thank the Lord for that. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. And so we look at this the word. I I believe we can confess this tonight. Good times, bad times, struggles, whatever your day, week, month, maybe even this whole year has been a giant struggle. But my brother and sister, I I think we can say tonight the word has been made life to us. We're not serving a dead letter. We're not serving something that is we look back in time, you know, and say, "Well, well, God once did this, my brother and sister. I want to know what God did today." Amen. And I'll tell you what he did today. In spite of the kind of day that you might have had today, Amen. He was right there supporting you in the onslaught of Satan. Amen. That roaring lion was standing right there on your doorstep desiring to consume you. Amen. And he has come as a flaming sword. And that angel has been there. And the lion, Amen. Not the lion of the tribe of Judah, but the lion of destruction. And he he gets turned away by the word. And what is that? Because the word has been made life to you. And so it's there that we realize, look at the achievement God has done in our lives. What he's doing. In 1 Corinthians 2:9-12, but as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. Amen. We love the Lord. Hallelujah. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the Spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. Amen. This is not a superficial message. This is not a superficial feeling. This is the deep things of God. Amen. And so the things of God, my brother and sister, for what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of a man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Now I want to put this to you like this. If you have understanding, revelation of the word of the hour, my brother and sister, that's nothing short of God coming. And if I could envision it this way to whoever here on the front row, amen, God coming and saying, "Here's my gift." Amen. Here's my gift of understanding. Here's my gift to you. Amen. If we could see it as though he was standing right here and not look at it in the abstract, but look at it in the literal. He has come and literally gave us a gift. Oh, not something to just say, "Oh, thanks. I'll I'll look into it later." My brother and sister, he wants us to unwrap the gift. He wants us to say, "Thank you for the gift." And then whatever that gift might be in your life, he wants you to take the gift and use it. Amen. Yeah. Cuz you know what happens to gifts? Whether they be birthday, holiday season, whatever it is, gifts that are never used, you know what happens to them? They get given to someone else. And we won't ask anybody who's guilty of regifting. You know, it's like, okay, you know, I think they would like this pink polkadotted shirt better. Here you go. That happened. Actually, let me share something real quick. So, when I was a kid, I won't go into all the details, but there was a young lady that really liked me, and her mother liked me more than the young lady liked me. And uh so, she made a shirt, and she was a very good seamstress. She made a shirt for me that was a westernstyle shirt. Do I look western? Um anyway, my cowboy slippers. Uh you know what? Um anyway, this shirt hung around for a long time. Jerry and I are married and um one day it's just like um this shirt is not me. I never really received it as a gift. I just couldn't say no. And we gave it to someone else. And little did I know that that someone else thought they looked so good in that shirt, they wore it to church. And that was a disaster. That was a disaster cuz they knew who they made the shirt for. They know who they gave the gift to and someone else shows up wearing it. And I I just had to bear the shame uh of it. But I'm telling you, forgive me for this humor in church, but the shame of giving that to someone else was much less than the shame would have been to be seen in public wearing it. So I was like, not me. Here we go. But God's giving gifts to you and I. He doesn't want to see us laying the gift down or ultimately saying, "I I think this gift would be better if Brother Trevor had it." He gave the gift to you. Amen. Whatever that gift might be. Amen. Faith for a midnight hour. Amen. As the song says, if you should find you're in a prison, some midnight hour. Amen. and God comes on the scene and you take that song to heart and you call on the Lord and he comes at the midnight hour. That's God's gift to you. Amen. That's not something he wants you to just toss on a shelf somewhere. But you come in that time, in that need and apply the gift that God gives to you. Amen. And when God comes and delivers in that situation, that is an achievement that God has given. Amen. And shared with you and I, it's something God has done. Amen. We're not going to defeat the devil in the midnight hour. Amen. But the word in us, Amen. That word that we received, that word that we said amen to, that word that we believe enough to repeat it, to speak it out, to put it on display. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that were freely given to us of God. There's no excuse for us not to know what God has given us. Amen. Many people, my brother and sister, they they don't know whether the prophet, you know, that was shocking at family camp uh when brother Barry's gives that, you know, um whole little thing of um Billy Graham speaking. Only it wasn't Billy Graham. It was AI. Interesting thought. And then brother Barry says, "And I expect to see this come into the message." Yeah. Now my brother and sister, the gift God has given you, and I hope I can present this to you correct. The achievement that God has given to you and I is not going to be intellectual. That that's not what the prophet said. It's going to be a spiritual gift that discerns these things because it's your heart and soul that says that's not the word. That's right. It won't be because you will be able to pull out some kind of, you know, I don't know your even your phone or whatever to prove or to do my brother and sister. It will actually come down into your heart and it will be your heart and your soul saying that's not the word. And it will also be your heart and soul that says praise God that is the word. Amen. You see this is God's achievement. He's not coming for an intellectual bride. Oh, he's coming for an intimate bride. Don't you just love Don't you just love newlyweds? Amen. We were just up to to that wedding up there in Donley. uh of of the Robson girl and uh uh Gideon uh Watkins. And I I just love it. I actually like to watch that. You know, they set them down back to back and they're like, "Which one of you is most likely this?" And sometimes that might become the very first argument of their married life. Which one of you is most likely to start an argument? And both of them lift up, you know, because they use the shoe. both of them lift up, you know, she lifts up his shoe and he lifts up her shoe and then they turn and look at each other and they're like, "No, my brother and sister, what's happening is God's coming and he is in that element so intimate with his bride who's going to protect you and bring you into the rapture. We're all going to be lifting up his shoe." Amen. who is most likely to fall short in this relationship. We lift up our shoe. Amen. And we realize as we go through this, what God is doing is putting on display his achievement in our life. What he has done, not what we have done, but what he has done. And I think we have to just go day by day. Nope. The credit goes to him. Amen. This is what the Lord has done. This is what the Lord has done. This is what the Lord has done. Amen. And we'll look at that. And if we're not careful, we won't acknowledge that this is what the Lord has done for us. And Satan would love to tell us what great Christians we are. My brother and sister, the truth of it is we're Christians because Christ is in us. Amen. There is what makes us right great Christians. Without him, we're just more Bezub, fortune teller. That's too shocking. That can't be right. But when the Holy Spirit comes down and says, "Look, this is me." Amen. I'm doing this. Amen. You see, there's a difference. I don't want to de deviate too far into this for the sake of time. Amen. because it looks like I'm on my five minutes. But look at this, my brother and sister. So, there is controversy, and I'll face it straight head on. There's controversy around the message of those that people are saying they're way too Pentecostal acting. And then on that side, they're looking over and saying, "Those people are too cold and formal." But my brother and sister, the prophet, I read that to you. The prophet of God says, "You just come right back." And the bride gets right back in the center of that road. We shouldn't fall out of our seats. Remember, Brother Brown talks about that when somebody says, "Amen." And they all about fall out of their seat turning around to see who said this. It ought to be so common to us. And it is. I thank the Lord for that. But these things of God like this that are proven of God, we should uh be able to just say, "That's a move of God." Even if somebody gets up and let me just phrase it like this, cuts a jig, so to speak, down the aisle of the church, we shouldn't be saying they got a devil on them. My brother and sister, if God's anointing them to do that, their life will manifest that that is real. Amen. If they were just down on Saturday night at the the barn club over here and they're still dancing on Sunday morning, you might want to question that. But if they are sons and daughters of God and their life is manifested and they're anointed by the Holy Ghost, maybe we should stop and say, you know, Lord, if that is you, you you will confirm it. Amen. Because you see God's achievement in us is not cookie cutter. Amen. We will not each one be exactly like the other except in one category and that is his spirit. Amen. Every one of us is anointed by his spirit. We'll have his spirit will display his spirit and that spirit will be living so it can be read. Amen. See, God didn't say, "I I want you to have my spirit, and then I want you to be a closed book." He says, "I want to give you my spirit so it can be on display." Oh, thank you, Lord. And sometimes that actually takes an achievement from God for us to be open enough, courageous enough to just let it be on display. that we don't really care what anyone else thinks about us. Amen. Let me just move right along here. Uh and and you can read this to Ephesians uh 2 1-10. Uh but well, we got a moment, right? uh ye and you hath he quickened who were dead in trespass and sin where in times past you walked according to the course of this world according to the prince of the power of the air the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. So we're connecting this back to our original scripture of disobedience. Amen. There's where the spirit is connected in there. There's a disobedience that has to be not just I mean we've all been disobedient but there's also the spirit of disobedience and the spirit of disobedience actually enjoys embraces openly particulate participates in this spirit of disobedience. So, this is not talking about us having a moment, right? We don't say, "Oh, I guess I'm not a Christian because I had this moment." But when you see a spirit that just continues to disobey and push back against the word, you recognize there might be a son or daughter of God, but they need a deliverance. And God provides deliverance. among whom also we all had our conversion in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead. Amen. This is how great amazing the grace of God is. Even when we were dead, he says, "I'll raise him. I'll raise him." This is a 21st century Lazarus. Amen. I'll raise them from the dead. And you won't continue to stink. That's how thorough the deliverance is. Amen. I could there's a lot of things we could deviate off but for time we won't. We were dead in sins hath quickened us together with Christ by grace ye are saved and hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourself. It is a gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus into good works, which God hath ordained that we should walk in them. Now, my brother and sister, I know that we do this, and I'm not trying to be hard on this, but when we talk about I'm not worthy. I'm unrighteous. I'm this. I'm that, you're actually calling into question God's workmanship. You're saying, as this scripture declares, that God's workmanship was actually faulty. Let's not do that. That's right. Let's know that God's plan and God's work and God's ability is perfect. Amen. So when he chose you as the chosen generation of this day to express the word in this day that his workmanship in you is perfect. Now, if you've ever worked with furniture and stuff like that, I worked with a man once who used to build furniture and I always marveled at his ability because he would have a post or a leg or something arm of a chair. And um I always used to think now you got to start off and just polish that thing and just work forever and ever till you get it where you want it. But no, no, not Jim. He grabs an expensive piece of wood and he's got like seemed like 10 grit and he's like, "No, this needs to be rounded." And I'm just like, "Oh, no." But the final results always come out. And he says, "You just have to be willing to form it into what it's supposed to be. it won't do it itself. And then you bring that over in the spiritual. Have you ever thought, "Oh, Lord, I'm not worthy. Lord, I make so many mistakes." Don't worry, the 10 grit's coming. You know, just sit down. Amen. Put your spiritual seat belt on. He might be tearing the hide off of you. Anybody had your hide tore off in church? Amen. He might be tearing the hide off on of you. But what he's going to do is then come and start moving through this from this just very abrasive 40 grit and then it'll be 80 grit and then it'll be 120 grit and then 160 grit and then 220 and in the end we are a perfect masterpiece that was formed by God to match his word. Amen. to match his vision of who we are. Amen. Because we don't want to be sitting here. Because if you get in the habit of saying, "I'm not good enough. I'm not worthy. I'm not this. I'm not that." You get in the habit of questioning God's workmanship. And when you are being molded into the place of perfection, cuz I wished we could just kind of go into old home mode here for a minute. And I would sit down here and I would ask each one of you, what is your idea of perfection? I have GPS on tractors. I pay a lot of money every year to use their satellites and their programs. And it's supposed to be sub one inch. I'm happy if it's within two. What is perfection? My idea of perfection is if I had prepared the soil perfectly, there's no doubt it could do it with one inch. But I want to save money. So I only work the soil to this level. It's still got bumps. And so I'm satisfied with two inches. I've got neighbors that like I tried GPS and it don't work. M your level of perfection was more than it can do for you. Now we look in the mirror and we think, "I got to get up every day of the week and I've got to be this perfect Christian." Do you realize that if God made Enoch perfect in our ideas, he would have been obligated to make you perfect? Yeah. according to the very same principle. Enoch wasn't nearly as perfect as we get an idea that he was. But what does the scripture Can somebody tell me the wording that comes with Enoch in the scripture? He walked with God. He didn't run away. He didn't go off on his own path. You didn't find him over here saying, "I think this is actually God's will for my life." He walked with God. And God said, "He's perfect." And then he walked and was not. That's right. See, we got to come to a place to understand when it's perfect, he's not going to perfect this. He's going to perfect this. Amen. That's exactly. Amen. And when you walk down in the stream bed to defeat your enemy, God will lead you to that stone to defeat that enemy. Amen. And you will, because you're walking with God, choose the right stone, the correct stone. Amen. You know, we hear a lot of this. Brother Brandham said it. We hear a lot of this. People have no more faith, my brother and sister. No more focus. and they're like, "Boo, devil." You think the devil's scared of somebody that's yelling a hollow boo at them? No. It needs to be a boo backed by the word. It needs to be a boo that has faith behind it. And when a boo has faith behind it, the devil knows that the stone of faith, which is the word in action, is coming and they're defeated. Amen. You know good and well if Goliath had thought that that stone would kill him, he would have guarded himself. But all he's worried about is this little 5 foot five little peep squeak and he's holding the sword down, the shield down here because that's the level you deal with a 5 foot five. But that wasn't the level God was dealing. Amen. And Satan, my brother and sisters, no more scared of a boovil that comes from somebody who's shaking in their boots and not sure what they believe. But God's accomplishment is as we sit here tonight as sons and daughters of God. And he's reaffirming who we are and what we believe and where we stand. And by that, we can stand here. And I would close with this, Sister Ruth. Amen. I am in spite of my mistakes. You are in spite of your mistakes God's achievement in this age. Amen. You are the rapture. Amen. Amen. Because God has promised this work I began in you, I will finish. Do you feel the finishing touches coming? Amen. I felt the the 40 grit. Amen. I felt that, you know, belt sander effect. Amen. when you realize just how messed up you are in your thinking and that. But you know what? He then comes and he's polishing it. And you ever work with a master that works with wood and his last moments, his last time with that is no longer a sandpaper, a hand. It's a caress. That's right. But it's still forming even in the caress. It's bringing it to the exact perfection. And then that man might put out a chair or a table or something and people say, "My, what an achievement." But look what the Lord's going to present one day. Amen. He's going to present us to the bride of ages gone by, to the saints of ages gone by, and they're going to say, "Look at this masterpiece." And not one of us can say, "Praise God." We'll just have to say it was a touch of the master's hand that molded me and created faith in me and reassured me and caressed me and held me and sometimes corrected me. But here I am. That's right. This is who makes me think of the Lefontaine song. Are you She the bride of this last day. Think about how marvelous and how incredible God's achievement in our lives is. Amen. Can someone say thank you Lord? Amen. Hallelujah. I want to jump. Sorry to drag this out. This is the biggest five minutes you ever seen. Revelations five real quick. Let's just jump down here and we'll go right to verse nine. You're you're familiar. You can go home and read it. Uh also uh but uh Revelations 5 and9 and they sung a new song. Thou are worthy to take the book to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation. I've heard it preached before. Oh, these are angels. But my brother and sister, the angels were never lost, so they were never redeemed. This is you and I that's going to be standing there and we're going to be singing a new song. It's not a song of oh Lord forgive me my weakness, my failure. It's going to be songs of praise. And I say Lord, help us to realize now what he's done for us, what God's achievement in our life is right now. Amen. not to look at the weakness of our flesh and to look as it would be to one another and say, "I see this and I see this." But let's look and see what God has done. Let's focus on what God has done, not what he's still working on. And it will change our perspective and hast made us unto our God kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. Now my brother and sister, I'll leave this to you to decide where this applies. Is this reigning on the earth before or after the millennium? [Music] There's no reason for you and I to not with bold confidence take the word of God and what he's done in our life and declare, "I'm going to reign here." Amen. Now, I can reign right here. I can show the devil this is what God did for me. This is what he's done in my life. And I'm sorry, devil. You can't defeat this. You won't defeat this. And you will never keep me from fulfilling this because I am God's achievement. I am his word made flesh in this hour. Oh, help us Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. 556. Brother Ivan. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for being so so patient tonight. So attentive. Amen. Let's just stand and sing a song or two. Amen. I think this song goes I was just as I was studying this song just come alive to me and I was like, "Yep, here it is." Amen. Redeemed how I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy. His child and forever I am redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. [Music] Redeemed. [Music] His child and forever. I am redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me doth continually dwell. Redeemed, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee [Applause] [Music] redeemed [Music] his forever. I am. I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. I sing for I cannot be silent. His love is the theme of my song. Redeemed, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. redeem [Applause] redeem [Music] [Applause] his child and forever I am. I know I shall see in his beauty. The king in whose law I delight. [Music] who lovingly guardeth my footsteps and giveth me songs in the night. Redeem, redeem, redeem by the blood of the lamb. redeem. [Applause] Redeem [Music] his child and forever I am. Amen. Can we say amen to that tonight? Hallelujah. 893. Hallelujah. We'll just dismiss on this song. Amen. I really like this song. Amen. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. Want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. So, let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. Song of your redeem. As the saints of every nation are awakening, awakening to sing from our heart. There comes an anthem. Oh, here the heavens ring is our song. Song to our king. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Let's sing the chorus again. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Could we just lift our hands and surrender for just a moment? Lord, we come tonight and we lift our hands in a universal sign of surrender. Lord, we surrender to our king. Lord, help us to surrender our all. Let us open the door, Father, to every room of our house, every room of our being. Father, forgive us for the times, Lord, we've tried to keep a door closed cuz we were ashamed of of what was behind that door. But Lord, we're here tonight to say thank you. Thank you Lord Jesus because your achievement in our life is becoming more open, more plain, more revealed each and every day of what you have called us to and how you are doing it. Lord, it is word upon word. It's line upon line. You're drawing us into your presence, Lord. You're changing us, Father. As we move forward, we move into your presence, Lord. Father, we don't want to be walking away or a different path, but as the song says, Lord, we want to be walking, holding your hand, Lord, being drawn into your presence to one day realize the beautiful gift, Lord, of what you have done. Rapturing faith, Father, will be your achievement in our life. Lord, the rapture itself will be your achievement in our life. Lord, to stand before you in the sea of crystal before the throne. Lord, we will have only arrived, only made it there by your amazing grace. We say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Just want to give you praise, Father, for all that you do for us. your hand upon us. Your love that is so plain, so obvious. Lord, your love that's redeemed us. We give praise to you tonight, Lord. I just ask you to bless each one, Father. And when we would be tempted of the devil to confess that we're not worthy, we're unable, that we have failed, help us, Lord, not to question your workmanship, but to simply say, Lord, I am your work in progress. And father, if you have to start, Lord, with that with that grit, Father, that grinds away the excess, Lord, let us hold still because the day is coming, Father, that your word will be a caress upon our souls. Even now, Father, I say your word is a caress upon our souls, honing us, bringing us down, a finished work, a finished gospel. Lord, bless your people, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. God bless you tonight, saints. [Music] Heavenly Father Lord fathers come before you Lord. She's just asking for a touch for each one of these to her father. And we would ask you, Father, touch your back, Lord. Touch your hips, touch your arms, her legs, Father, every flow through her. Now, Father, we know, Lord, that your word is already. You said it was finished. And we just come Lord, to just confess that we believe that it is finished. And Lord, we just ask you that your Holy Spirit, Lord, may come down for we are your workmanship, Lord. And we're just asking you now to touch her, dear sister, Lord, may just move through her body, healing, virtue, Father, just to restore her ability, Father, to to live this life, Lord, to lift her hands to praise, to walk, Lord, to just serve you day by day. is asking Lord for your grace and mercy upon her now. Father, we possess your perfect will. We believe your will is healing, Father. And so we stand upon that and claim it in the name of Jesus Christ. And we confess that our sister Sue is healed in your precious name. Amen. Amen. [Music]
