################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-07 - December 7, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Finding Glory In God's Plan - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-07
Title:   December 7, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Finding Glory In God's Plan"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXgMPGidEpA
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He's changing me. He's changing me. He's changing me. his likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. For he's changing, changing me from earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. Amen. God bless you friends. Good to see each one of you. Why don't we stand together? Sing the next song number 451, please. It's key of D. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. When the saints go marching in, Lord, I want to be in that number when the saints go marching in. Oh, I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. Heaven's doors will open for me when the saints go marching in. Now when the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in that number when the saints go maring in. And when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within, I'll be shouting glory, glory, when the saints go maring in. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go marching in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in, I'm waiting for the chariot to swing low and I'll step in. On the clouds, I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go maring in. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. When the saints go marching in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in. Amen. Number 472. Let's go up to key of E. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, that Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in the glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven's shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Amen. Um, I skipped one song, but we'll sing it now, I guess. Come and dine, KFG. Number 507. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die. With his mana he doth feed and supplies our every need. Oh sweet up with Jesus all the time. Come and dine, the master callth. Come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry call it now come and die. The disciples came to land. Thus obeying Christ's command. For the master called to them, come and die. There they found their heart's desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Thus he satisfies the hungry every time. Come and dine. The master callth come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry call it now come and die. And soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assembled be. Oats will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will feast eternally. Come and dine. The master call it. Come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude, turn the water into wine. to the hungry call now. Come and die. Oh, come and die. The master callth, come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now, come and die. Amen. And I believe we all are hungry this morning for the word. Look forward to it. Number 235, please. As we get ready for prayer. Thank you Jesus for the things that you have done for us. And though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus for the things that you have done for us. And though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you Lord. One more time. Oh, thank you Jesus for the things that you have done for us. And though I can't repay the love that you have given me, I thank you, Lord. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. I'll ask if brother David could uh lead us in a prayer for these needs. Let's remember brother Trevor um not feeling well today. He was um sounds like not feeling well all week, but I'll just pray pray that he received healing. and Sister April, let's remember her in prayer and as well as Sister Dorcas for a complete healing and uh a request here for a family uh with an urgent need. So uh we'll just remember them in prayer. or whatever the situation may be there. I just pray that God helps them. I know what pastors go through. Amen. And it's you need to hold him up in prayer. These are tremendous times we're in. I'm not here to preach, but I thank the Lord for his leadership in all things. Amen. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads before you and in your presence we come, may there not be one here that not recognize that they're in the presence of the King. Lord, we're so thankful that there is a bride today that is on the march going out of here in step because she is the word in step with the word. We give you praise that we're able to bring these needs to you and call upon you. Lord, we do so because it's appointed to us to prophesy and to pray. And we know that we have what we ask for because the word living and abiding in your body. And we as the body of Christ call upon you for the healing of our brother Trevor. And Lord, we ask that thy great name be magnified through this because we say and speak and given us what we would say. We say he's healed. And for the glory of God, we send your presence to him right now. Lord, there's a special request, special needs here that's been brought. Lord, we are expecting you to meet every one of these requests. Lord, I know there's much needs. And Lord, I know there's unspoken requests here among us. We ask you to meet these needs, Father. We brought them to you now. We expect thy purpose and thy perfect will to be done in their lives and healing to be taken place in your time and in your season. You said if we pray and believe that we receive what we ask for whether we see it or don't see it. We believe it because it's based upon your word and we accept it and we believe it with all of our hearts. Now we're expecting to receive from you. We call upon you for revelation and for thy glory and honor. We ask this in thy name. And Father, we expect your presence to uncover sin and unbelief, problems and trials, Lord, that keep your bride from moving forward. We believe in the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Believe in the leadership of eternal life. We give you praise now and for your glory. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated for the Paul. Would you like to sing right now or as you come? Okay. Brother Isaac, if you could put up the lily of the valley. So I'll just be real forward of the reason I'm standing here today at youth group. I was challenged by a certain little sister that if I would sing a special that they would reciprocate and sing a special at a near date. And so um it was an uncction I actually here just um right after we got home from Europe felt like singing I love I love this song. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because you can go through life and they say that if you have one good friend in your life you're blessed. And we for certain have our one good friend. Amen. I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's a fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see all I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow, he's my comfort. In trouble, he's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's a lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He all my grief has taken and all my sorrows borne. In temptation he's my strong and mighty tower. I have all for him forsaken and all my idols torn from my heart. And now he keeps me by his power. Though all the world forsake me and Satan tent me soar, through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal. Praise the Lord. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith and do his blessed will. There's a wall of fire about me. I'm nothing now to fear. With his mana he my hungry soul shall fill. Then sweeping up to glory I'll see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. Hallelujah. He's a lily of my valley, my bright and morning star. He's a fairest &gt;&gt; to my soul. Sing it with me. He's a lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He's the lily of our valley, our bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. &gt;&gt; Thank you, SISTER. &gt;&gt; Can you find that song, Joel's Army? I think it's 7:17. Oh, morning stars together sing. Sons of God, his praises ring. Arise and shine. Thy Lord and King comes full redemption now to bring. Joel's army comes in view. Stalward men and women true in perfect step. We are God's best, invincible. Through the great word test, the son of righteousness shall shine with healing in his wings. He'll rise. Shake this whole world in one more ride. Then take his bride into the skies. You considered my little bride. Off to deceive her. You have tried. No fairer one. From east to west, ordained to stand in the great word test. The line of Judah has prevailed. Almighty God and flesh was veiled. He comes forth now to conquer all. The kingdoms of this world shall fall. Oh bridegroom, come. Our hearts do pine upon thy bows. I'm to recline. My lovely bride, you are my own. Come sit with me upon thy throne. My lovely bride, my lovely bride, you are my own. Now come sit with me upon my throne. Amen. Praise the Lord. Have to say I'm missing brother Trevor's high harmony on this song. Um as we stand let's sing the song 835 ancient words. Um I think D will be good. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us cope. In this world where we roam, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world they resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oords of God ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oh, word of God, ever true, changing me and changing. Come, God bless you. Open hearts. Let the word of God impart. Let's go to verse one. Holy words, long prisoner for the long in this world. With God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us cold. In this world where we're wrong, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God is ever true. It's changing me and changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. And I trust that this morning each one of us will come with an open heart to just receive what God would give, &gt;&gt; what you've been needing. Amen. You know, it's interesting. It's not always what we think we need. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. &gt;&gt; But it's what God knows that we need. And we just come this morning just desiring for the Lord to speak to us. I know even as a minister, as a pastor, there's many times in the preaching of the word that the Lord pricks my own heart from the very words that I speak to realize I need change. I need things in my life. And we just trust that the Lord will come and speak to us today. Want to greet Doug. Amen. We've been communicating just a little bit. He's come to visit the church today. And so we just uh pray that you're blessed today, my friend. Amen. Um, so I want to announce uh it's been a too long of a span, but I want to announce a grace kids at our house this Friday evening at 700 p.m. And uh so we just uh want to invite all of those that would qualify at the age of grace kids and I think what is that 12 down something of that nature. Amen. And uh is there any interest in next Sunday afternoon evening just having a song service? &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; That'd be good. So, okay. I'm going to be bold. Does that mean Sister Carrie singing a special for us? And then right behind you, Sister Carrie, &gt;&gt; what a great idea. &gt;&gt; Sister Mel was right behind you. So anyway, so we want to do that. Would that be something we'd love to do? Just get together, sing some songs as a group, and if the Lord lays it on your heart, not Paul, uh sing a special or two maybe in our midst. So let's just plan on that. Next Sunday, 5:00 p.m. that'd be a good time and we could just uh have a a lovely time of worship. Amen. So let's just uh I want to speak to you today on the thought of finding glory. Thank you wonderful song service. Say thank you sister Vika for playing that song for me and um for the birthday wishes. I'm not really a a birthday fan but um uh thank you for the birthday wishes and God bless each and every one of you. Amen. And um I think brother David um instigated a little bit. &gt;&gt; It was pure inspiration. Okay. What can I say? &gt;&gt; What can I say? So pure inspiration. So uh finding glory in God's plan. If we would turn in our Bibles to Isaiah the 40th chapter and uh we'll read verses 3-5. Uh I find it to be a very inspiring the whole chapter of Isaiah 40 is a very inspiring chapter and uh so we'll just take these three verses. The voice of him that crith in the wilderness prepare ye the way of the Lord. Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Every valley shall be exalted. Every mountain and hill shall be made low, and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed. All flesh shall see it together, for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. Heavenly Father, we just come this morning asking you, Lord, just to come, walk in the aisles of this assembly, walk in the aisles of our hearts. For Father, we have come and we realize the time is short. We see all the signs of the times, Father, that your word has declared and we see it coming to pass before us. And Lord, we're living in the very midst of the revelation. And Lord, let us not miss it, Father. Not looking back, for you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we can just see the word unfolding. Not even out in the world, Father, but we can see it unfolding in our lives. And Father, I say thank you that you would shine. Let your glory be revealed in us in this hour. For you said there would be a people, a chosen people, a called out people. And we believe according to the word, Lord, that we are those people. And Lord, we long in our heart, Father, to be those that hear the words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Lord, we believe that. We stand upon it today. Now Lord, we want to just not hear the word today, but Lord, we want to claim the word, receive the word, and live the word forth. Lord, we thank you in your precious name. Amen. You may be seated, saints. Hallelujah. And uh so as we would as we would um just move forward in our thought today, I I think that we should be able to say thank you Lord that his glory, your glory is being revealed in us. Amen. That's what the word said would happen in the day that we're living in. That God would have a people that he would pour himself into. My brother and sister, it's not anointing just upon the flesh, but he's live literally living in you and I. And and I I thank the Lord for that. And to go back and revisit verse five for just a moment. And the glory of the Lord shall be revealed. Can we say amen? It has been revealed. Amen. And flesh shall see it together for the mouth of the Lord has spoken it. And we know that every word that our Lord Jesus Christ ever placed, ever was placed in the Bible, every word that's there must come to pass. There's not one word that will be laid aside, put on the shelf, forgotten or deemed unnecessary. But it is here for our benefit, to uplift us, to help us. Sometimes it's here to chasen us, to uh bring us to a place that we can actually receive correction. And I would lift my hand even before I would ask you, do we desire for the Lord to chasen us? Amen. That's what we want. We want him to come and to just correct us and keep us on course of our lives. Amen. For there's a lot of distraction in the world we live in today. A lot of things that Satan would like to use to get us off course. And uh sometimes it is in sickness, sometimes it is in trouble, sometimes it is just simply our self. And we look at that and realize how gracious the Lord is that he comes and when we start to get off course in our life, he always comes and speaks to us and uh sets us back on the right course. Now we look back in the Bible, we can see that through the ages, man has thought he could improve on God's plan. And it's there that we would be able to start right in the very beginning with Cain. uh and uh on the natural side, we could actually literally go back a little further. But starting with Cain, he thought that the beauty of his worship was going to be what God really wanted. That's that was the understanding he got that it's going to be in the beauty of the worship. Therefore, we'll see that spirit has not died in the day we live in. We can have great choirs in great big churches and all finely trained, finely clothed and robed and prosperity is everywhere. And man would say that is good, that is better. But that's not where the word says. Amen. God's got a chosen place of worship for the bride of Christ. The place that he calls beautiful. And that's always in his word. That's in his word to say, Lord, I believe this. I'm going to live this. I want to live for you. I'll pay the price. Whatever man might say, I'll pay that price. And God sees beauty in that simplicity. He's not looking for the great robed choir because as examples have given many times the robe of the choir covers up many impurities in many things and this is not even coming from our belief but coming from a different source and a man said I was visiting he tells a story I was visiting a church once and he said the choir they sang so beautifully and and uh it was such a fine sound but he said as they were there and many sat down he said I realized that many of the choir members underneath that beautiful gown, they were dressed horribly. They did not look like Christians. They were dressed like the world. And he said, "But that that robe covered over that and you couldn't tell." But my brother and sister, that's not all false in a sense because Christ in the uh story of the wedding supper there, you know, being invited to that wedding, Amen. that robe covered up our filthiness. that covered up our our discrepancy, our shortcoming. But it needed to be a robe that we wanted, a robe that we embraced, a robe that became a permanent part of who we are. And it's not just a covering for a Sunday. It's not just covering for a moment, but it would become our very life. Amen. And so we'll look and you look at Cain, he thought that the beauty of his worship would be better. And even when Jesus or God, however you want to put at it, uh corrects him, he he he won't accept that correction, he still believes he's right. And and and you know, he was given that opportunity to repent from that that point. And it it started a bitterness or root in him that caused him to even go as far as to slay his own brother over just a form of worship. And it was there because he wanted to have the most beautiful preeminent worship. And you'll see that the glory that he was there, he was not wanting to glorify God or his heart would have been repentance and he would have changed how he was worshiping. But he wanted the glory to actually come to himself. He wanted it to be recognized that that I have the most beautiful worship. I have the best offering. I have the best that there is to give. And we'll see how that uh every age man has had a revelation on how he could make it better. And uh it's there that we'll see that uh you know as though God's plan needed our help as though God's plan needed our opinion. God's not looking for our help other than a complete surrender. &gt;&gt; He's not looking for our opinion. He's looking for us to look at the word and say, "I believe that and that's what I'm going to do now." Lord, if you would change this, it'll be a little better. If you would change that, it'll be a little better. But you see, my brother and sister, man has nothing he can offer to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God has everything to offer to you and I, but we have literally nothing but our life to offer to him. And so as we'll look at this, we see that uh when when man comes to the idea that God's plan needs our help, then we need to stop and we need to find an altar. We need to come back and say, "Lord, forgive me. I I'm getting off track here." It's not for us to decide how to do it. I couldn't tell you. Maybe brother David uh would be able to help put it in words. But often times we come to the pulpit and you have a thought that that I've studied this certain thought. I've studied it in a certain fashion and this is how I'll deliver it. Now the Lord allowed us to study that spend many times hours upon hours and you study that and you believe that's uh what you're supposed to deliver. But God comes and takes the foundation of what you have studied and then God takes it over where he wants it to be and he's not concerned about how many hours we studied in in a certain fashion. He's concerned with presenting it the way he wants it to be presented. Now if you have the wrong attitude, you'll say, "Lord, I just wasted maybe hours or days studying it in a certain fashion." But the Lord did not waste our time. Everything that we have studied turns out to be a relevant factor. Now I'm not like making demonstration as to be a certain person. But maybe the Lord knew that a certain thing was needed here and a certain thing was needed there and he takes us in our own studies to cover those bases. But in the end he presents it the way he wants to present it and he lets it come down and rain down where he wants it to rain down. You see sometimes in the natural little things that'll speak to your heart. I have many times uh out in the country on the farm there literally the rain falls on this side of the road and this side of the road is dry. Amen. And that's how God presents his word. Sometime it'll come and just rain down on one person or multiple persons and everybody else is Sarah saying you know what that really didn't apply to me today. It didn't need to apply to you today because God was raining down on someone else. Amen. And but we got to be willing to recognize that the word that is coming is for every one of us. The word will never return void. Correct? And so it's there that when we just come to the house of God, we hear the word of God ministered. We believe the word and we come, it changes us. We walk out. Now you say, "Well, I I don't know that I really see or feel this change." You don't need to. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; God is changing you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's doing his work. He's raining his glory down on you and you need to be able to understand or receive that this is raining down to you. Now, as I said, every age has had its revelation. Now, my brother and sister, what we want to do is find the revelation that God's pouring down in our age. In other words, what he's pouring down to you and I. Amen. Now, you'll find that the word, now this is just a life experience. You'll find that we're here, Grace Tabernacle. We have certain events that take place in our lives, things good and bad, you know, and things that are uh feel like a blessing and things that don't feel like a blessing. But God in the whole time has said that I would come in the midst of my people and I will bless them. I will pour out my blessings in abundance upon them. And so whether we're sitting here today saying this applies to me or it doesn't apply to me, you can sit back and lift a hand and say, "God's blessing me today. I'm in the house of God. I'm worshiping him. I'm giving him praise and honor today." And he promised that when he would have the praise of his people that he would come down. Amen. Do you believe he's here this morning? Amen. So as God is dealing with you and I, he's not dealing with us so that we can devise a better way to serve him. But he has a way, a chosen way to serve him, a chosen place to meet him at. And that is not in a church because as it is, it could be what church and you start naming it. There's so many churches that are so diverse in their behaviors and attitudes and what they believe. Which church will it be? The chosen place of worship is in the word. Amen. And when you're in the word, you're in his presence, which is his chosen place of worship. We have no Mecca. &gt;&gt; Nor should we be looking for one &gt;&gt; because our place is in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where our worship should be. Now, we'll see that um we'll never find glory in our plans. You just think about it. We make all kinds of plans as humans. So much so that on the farm we often times in dealing with the hired help, we start off this is plan A. Usually it don't take very long. We're on plan B. And just a hop, skip, and a jump past that we're on plan C, D, E, F. And sometimes you need to start we're on plan A because things shift so much. So, we try to set a certain plan. This is what we're going to do. I'm going to go to church today and I'm going to hear the most beautiful singing on earth. There's going to be a brother sing a special that sings it so good until he doesn't. And then we're going to hear some preaching that's just going to be out of this world until it's not. Remember, steak is just as good as caviar. But we want the best. &gt;&gt; But what we do do as believers, we come to the house of God and you say, "Lord, I want to meet you there today. My highest expectation today is to meet the Lord Jesus Christ in the house of God today. And if somebody sings well, they do. If they clap too loud, they do. If this is this, if a baby cries, if there's a distraction, it doesn't matter. I've met God in the house of God today. And that's the only thing that really matters to me because he said whenever I would meet you kind of taking this out of the Old Testament whenever I will meet you I will bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so as we come our expectation should be Lord I'm here to meet you today because I'm going to be blessed. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we'll never find glory in our plans but we'll find the glory we're looking for in God's plan for us. And how often, now this might get a little personal, but how often do we get stumbled and and just quit moving forward because things don't go according to our plan, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We we feel like things should be just like this. People should be just like this. Our family should be just like this. The church should be just like this. And then none of that lines up. And we go into Paul's mode. We we put it in park and we sit there waiting cuz something's got to change. And that's true. We need to change. We need to change because God's plan for us, my brother and sister, is often so different &gt;&gt; than our plan for ourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. I shared with you here recently, that only between five and 8% of people actually totally fulfill what they thought their life would be. So they get down the road and their life has taken different turns, different circumstances. Things have changed. Now I can remember as a young man thinking how wonderful it be to to be a millionaire to that that that would just solve everyone's problem. You know, if you had a million dollars, you wouldn't have any problems. And then, you know, you read research that says there's as much or more mental illness and addictions, etc. in rich people &gt;&gt; as there is poor people. So our money didn't fix a single thing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; In fact, it exaggerates our deficiency. &gt;&gt; So we look at this and realize that we need to look for God's plan. We need to follow God's plan and say, you know what, Lord, let your will be done in my life. That's why the scripture says we should never say, "I'm going to rise in the morning and I'm going to do this and this and this." You should always temper it with Lord willing. Amen. Because your plan might not match God's plan. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I'm just dehydrated today. Forgive me, saints. in Romans 8:27-31. Now, as we'll look at that, it says, "And he that searches the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit, because he make intercession for the saints according to their plans." &gt;&gt; No, sir. &gt;&gt; No. According to the will of God. Aren't you glad that uh the petition placed before the throne is not us trying to plan out tomorrow, us trying to lay this perfect plan out. Amen. You know, I I listened to a little sermon here recently and and uh the brother put it like this. He says, "Now imagine God comes in church and offers you a bitcoin." Now that sounds good if God would come down and offer you a Bitcoin, but you don't know what that Bitcoin will do tomorrow. It may be worth nothing tomorrow. It may be worth more. So, it actually takes faith to receive the Bitcoin, but we as humans can easily receive the Bitcoin because it's something tangible that we think we can move forward with. And now look at this Bible which is clear full of all these promises of God which are in reality much more tangible than a Bitcoin is. And God's offering them to us and we hesitate. We hold back. We don't know whether we should or shouldn't. Do I fully commit to this or do I not? And God is here making an offer. My brother and sister, I tell you what, we got to start recognizing that God's plan for our life is just as solid as solid is of anything on this earth that would be considered solid. God's plan for you, his promise to you is there. It's tangible. Anybody received a promise and saw it manifested in your life and completely come forward and you realize, "Thank you, Lord. I actually reached out and accepted and took a hold of that promise." &gt;&gt; Amen. Because he makes intercession for the saints according to the will of God. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. Now, my brother and sister, God knows the heart. So, he knows what is love and what is words. That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. We can hear the words, "I love you," but if they're harsh and mean and empty, we we can't place value on that. But when you hear the words, "I love you," and there's sincerity and there's depth and there's a foundation to that, we hold on to that and say, "There's value." Amen. So, it's there he maketh intercession and we know that work together that love the love of God to them who are called according to his purpose. See this one scripture ver verse 28 is so loaded. &gt;&gt; It is so loaded my brother and sister because you see when you recognize that everything works together because you love God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not me deciding you love God. It's God recognizing you love him. Amen. And so it says these things are going to work together because you love him. So there's a foundational step that is going forward just simply because you love the Lord. He is starting to put everything in order. Amen. He's a master at arranging our lives even though we sometimes don't think that it is what we wanted or is going the way we thought it should. But we look see and to them who are called according to his purpose. Now, I don't know why I'm going to say this, but I'll just put it out there. I can't fathom how you can have recognized ministries in the world today that don't believe in predestination. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I I don't know how they can skip over the word. Amen. Just like right here. To them who are called according to that person's own feelings. No, their own motivations. No, my brother and sister, they're called according to God's purpose. In other words, God has said, "I called you to fulfill a certain purpose." And it wasn't to fill the pew on a church. It wasn't to walk down the street and tell everybody I'm a Christian with nothing to back it up. But to be able to live the word day by day, step by step, and just do that and be Christ in the flesh on the earth today. Not packing a billboard, although there's nothing wrong with that. Not boasting, my brother and sister, although it's good to tell the world of what God has done for you, but to be able to every day just simply live the word according to the purpose of the word. Amen. Somebody's got to live the truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not all just a story tale. It is, my brother and sister, a reality that there is humanity living today that will live for the Lord and will take a rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A calling, a catching away &gt;&gt; because they're fulfilling his purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; For who he did forno, that's to know previously if you want to use the Paul's simplified dictionary. those he did previously know. Now, my Bible tells me he knew us, you and I, before there was even an earth hanging here. That's a long time friendship. That's a long time relationship. Amen. Cuz after all, the earth is hundreds of millions of years old, they say. I don't really care how long how old it is. Does it really matter to your salvation how old the earth is? &gt;&gt; No. What it is is the devil is coming in there getting people stirred up about these details that have nothing to do with their salvation. You're not saved because the earth is 7,000, 10,000, 20,000, 50,000 years old. You're not saved because of that. You're saved because you were chosen him before the foundation of the world. Amen. So, it's there. He did forno. He did predestinate to be. Now, we don't usually like to use the word conformed in the way that the world sometimes it's like God's making me do this. But I want you to understand you are actually Sister Carrie, you're fair game today. I already got you once. Twice won't hurt. God's already coming down and forming. &gt;&gt; We say conformed. We're not not being Yes, we really are. As a daughter of God, God's going to make circumstance out here, &gt;&gt; come and form us into who God wants us to be. &gt;&gt; We're not going to decide, I'm going to be this form. I'm going to be this. I'm going to be that. It's God who's deciding. And so, he takes our circumstances, good and bad, and uses them to form us into what he saw us as before the foundation of the world. Amen. And we were created in his image. So we can't be another image. &gt;&gt; We can't for be formed into another image. There's only one image that we can be formed into. And that's the image of our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, he's not making every one of us look alike like we were pressed in a mold and come out. But he's looking at the spirit man. And he's looking on the inside. And the inside can only have one image, my brother and sister. And we're being molded into that image. &gt;&gt; Doesn't that make you excited? I get excited just thinking about that. Be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. &gt;&gt; And whom he called, he justified. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And whom he justified them, &gt;&gt; he also glorified. Amen. There's not a human on earth that doesn't like a little bit of attention, doesn't like a little recognition for, you know, who they are and maybe something they accomplished, right? Come on, let's be let's be honest. &gt;&gt; You know, we we we just that's a human nature. But who do we want to glorify us? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do we want the world to glorify us? My brother and sister, if you are, you're being molded into the image of Lucifer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's the simple truth of it. If that the world is where you find your glory, there's a molding and it's called Lucifer. Now you look at this. See, to be glorified, God is molding you and I to this place. We've just seen that in the scripture. And he's bringing us to a place that when he pours himself, being glorified, it's not all what we think it is. It's not our name in the marquee. It's not our name announced to the whole world, but it's when he comes down and puts himself into us and gives us that stamp of acceptance. Amen. Well done, my good and faithful servant. There's your glorification right there. There's where God is glorifying you is when he finds you accepted in the beloved. There's the glory that we're looking for. Amen. Now, just as a side note, the rich young ruler had everything on earth that he possibly could have wanted, and he ends up in a state that all he wants is a finger dipped in some water. &gt;&gt; Like I said, I feel dehydrated or something today, but I want something more than my finger dipped in this to satisfy my thirst. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the rich young ruler, see, when he thought he had it all, he had nothing. &gt;&gt; And Lazarus, who had nothing, had it all. &gt;&gt; You see, my brother and sister, we need to make sure that the one priority we have on this earth is Jesus Christ. Amen. Is his word in our life being manifested out? Not to boast. Amen. It doesn't matter rich or poor, my brother and sister. It's there. You know, I always thought the joke about the man showing up to heaven carrying his wheelbarrow of of gold and St. Peter asked him, "Why are you bringing pavement?" You see, we got this idea that gold is so important, but it's not anything of value in the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. He has the riches. He has the cattle on a thousand hills. Amen. 10,000 hills, a 100,000 hills, a million hills. He's the one who controls it all. And yet we feel like we've achieved something if we just actually have one cow on the hill. But he glorifies. And what shall we then say to these things? We can sum it up in verse 31. &gt;&gt; If God be for us, &gt;&gt; who can be against us? &gt;&gt; Amen. to be able to sit here today and say that we know as a matter of fact in our hearts God is with us. Amen. That's what really matters. It's not to say we've been here, we've done that, accomplish this. My brother and sister, we never want to come to the place that we think our works will ever get us there. Yet God asks us to take action on the word which can be misconstrued as works. I feel embarrassed here, but absolutely no other place to be glorified than in the will of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because we have to come down. Whether you're happy with your circumstance right now or not, you have to recognize if you're a son or daughter of God, God's plan is perfect. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the invisible union of the bride. Oh God, knowing seeing how fragile we are, knowing that we're walking on the brittle threads of life of this mortal life, not knowing what time that we're going to be summoned to answer on high, let us, oh Lord, lay aside everything in our heart, everything in our mind, and look straight to your word tonight for you to come and interpret it with living oracles. Granted, may your spirit fall upon us and anoint the word to our heart that we might go from here this evening, I say this morning, better people than we are now, that we might have a closer insight on Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord, that we might understand the day that we're living in. Now, I want to stop right here and insert a little bit of a thought. My brother and sister, when we say we recognize the day we're living in, do you realize that every demon spirit that has been down through the history of mankind is present today against you? Every spirit that ever opposed it, that gerra uh of the Pharisee spirits, all of those spirits have come right down and they are facing you today. Not oh, one over here and one over there, but every spirit present to torment you. And we wonder sometimes why we struggle, why we feel maybe I I hate to even use the word in the house of God, but we feel depressed and we feel overwhelmed and we feel anxiety and we have a tinge of fear is because every spirit that's out here is opposed to you now because the word of God shows that we have come down to the end of time and he's here and he's putting it out just like a team would get desperate coming as a clock winds down. We've got to score. And there's one more out here somewhere that I can pull out of the hand of God. There's one more out here that I can deceive. There's one more out here that I can cause them to be distracted long enough. And there's one more, my brother and sister. As the word shows us very clearly, the foolish virgin. My brother and sister, you could not touch their life. Don't get an idea that the people were living on the edge of the will of God. The only thing they were missing was a desperation to be filled with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That was the thing that they missed. So the distraction come and took them away from that. This come family problems, financial problems, a social problem, whatever that might be. And all of these things were nothing but distractions. They were not mountains to stop you. They were distractions that Satan put in your path. And we as humans squirrel &gt;&gt; and we never come back to our original thought. &gt;&gt; How many times have you been talking to somebody? I find it humorous because I do it all the time. Yeah. Da da da da da da da da da da. And somebody says something and you're like, yeah. And you go to come back to your thought. What was I talking about? I see some of you are too young to be nodding your head, but as you get older, it becomes more more obvious. Maybe maybe the young people can push rewind and research and again and catch it, but you can literally come to a point you can't remember what you were talking about. Now, I'm telling you, let me bring this down. Here you are. Your thoughts going through your mind. You are you are praying. You're thinking about the things of God. you're you're do and and something distracts you and Satan will throw another one and another one because he doesn't want you coming back to these thoughts that will deliver you. &gt;&gt; Coming back to these thoughts that bring liberty to you, bring joy to you. He'll just keep bombarding you. If you don't think so, just start recording it. Go to pray and see how many times your phone rings. Amen. You got a guy trying to sell you carpet. How do you even know I need carpet? I don't need carpet. Goodbye. You try to get down and pray again. Somebody calls you up. This guy calls me from California all the time. Hi Paul. Like he's my friend. Hi Paul. You need any tools yet? Now I told you last time don't call me. Oh, I didn't take you serious. &gt;&gt; Well, take me serious this time. &gt;&gt; 30 days later. Hi Paul. Do you need any tools? That's the devil. &gt;&gt; He's going to sell you something. He's going to keep trying, keep trying, keep trying cuz he's convinced he can sell you something. &gt;&gt; And we got to keep just sweeping him out the door, beating him off the screen door. Amen. Now look, my brother and sister, what Satan is doing is a tried andrue method. &gt;&gt; He's seen it bring results so many times. He's not going to stop. So what do you have to do? You have to learn his ways. You know, I was doing some reading the other day. And uh they were talking about target points. Everybody's got their own wording on this. And the man is uh was they used anam example was a manager and he had some employees that just infuriated him and he realized it was undermining his position as a manager and he went and said how can I deal with this went to talk to I don't know what they were counselor and the counselor said it's very simple you just look for the target points cuz the same or they use the word trigger points cuz the devil you notice I didn't say your husband your wife your children your boss your it's the devil &gt;&gt; knows your trigger point &gt;&gt; better than you do &gt;&gt; and he'll come right down at the right time and he just reaches over there and there it goes You know how we deal with Satan? Oh no, we're not going to throw ourselves down, start screaming, "SATAN, GET BEHIND ME. I'M A SON AND DAUGHTER OF GOD." &gt;&gt; That won't do a thing. He'll listen to you squall all day long, &gt;&gt; but be able to recognize that's just Satan. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, we believe we have authority to bind Satan, right? We should, every one of us here should believe we have the authority to bind Satan. &gt;&gt; Do you do a better job of binding him if you scream? &gt;&gt; Can you bind him from the words coming from your heart? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Because you see, this is not flesh and blood warfare. is his principalities and powers of darkness. &gt;&gt; Satan, get behind me. &gt;&gt; And he'll ask you, "Why do I need to get behind you?" And all you need to do is use the very tried and true. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's been through the ages. It is written. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You don't need to explain the vials, the seals, the thunders. You don't need to be able to take it from Genesis to Revelation. You just be able to come as a son of God and say, "Daughter of God, it's written." &gt;&gt; And you know the word just as well as I do, Satan, you're bound. So when we'll do that, we'll find, amen, that when his spirit falls and anoints the word to our heart, we might go from here this evening better people because we have a promise and we have the reassurance of what he's already promised us to do. And so we can understand the day that we're living in. It's a age of spiritual warfare, my brother and sister. You're seeing it brought out a clash all physical, all this realm, all of that. You say, "Well, well, you know, Israel, are they right or wrong in Gaza?" I don't know. But there's a promise in the word that come from way, way, way back, my brother and sister. That will never be satisfied till the end time of the warfare that is there. Amen. And it's going to happen. It will happen. And the warfare, now let me just take this as an example. The warfare you're facing as a Christian today is not going to stop. In fact, Satan's going to get his toenails dug in and it's going to intensify every opportunity he gets because as there's still time, he still knows he has time. So, you're going to have to just kind of get used to that and confident in that. I rebuke you, Satan. get thee behind me because there's your warfare. It is written &gt;&gt; now. It work for Jesus. You say that's too simple. Well, it worked for our Lord Jesus. And if it worked for him, it'll work for you. Amen. So that we might understand the day we're living. Preparation of God for his people in this hour. In my notes, it's very bold, like three times the size of the print. The preparation of God for this hour. God didn't leave us here unprepared. &gt;&gt; God has a word. He's been bringing that word to us through the years. Laying it in, laying it in, laying it in. And it's a preparation for the warfare and the circumstances that we face today. You say, "I don't feel prepared." Let me tell you, you are. Amen. As a son or daughter of God, you've been studying the word. You've been praying. You've been living it. God is filling a preparation. And you say, "But it feels like I'm in a battle and onslaught." You are, but you're going to come out of that battle victorious. You are not going to suck because Satan said so. No, God said so first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, God anointed us not only be speaker but hear together. Make our hearts tremble at your word. For the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Grant these things, Father, for we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Part of a prayer. Now you look at that and realize my brother and sister that this preparation that the word is talking about that has been presented to us, it is the word living in you. Amen. It's not whether you are a theologian. It doesn't matter how much scripture you can quote. Amen. I I've personally experienced many people that could quote scripture to you and then they would rip you off right on the heels of that with a brother deal. Amen. Anybody interested in the brother deal? Praise God. We're brothers &gt;&gt; and all things in common, right? So, I would like to have your common part of your wallet, my brother and sister, that No. Come on. Come on. The word is not here for us to be caught up in a carnal anointing of a carnal uh multi-level marketing of a carnal get-richqu, a carnal blah blah blah. We are here as sons and daughters of God to be filled up. Yes, we are brothers. And you know what that really means, brothers and sisters? That means in the battlefield, I've got your back and you've got my back. Amen. It's not I've got your wallet. Amen. I've got your back. My prayers will surround you and I have confidence that you your prayers will surround me. I didn't put the quote in but it was there that when a people come to the place that they do not trust one another, brother Random says that church is finished. &gt;&gt; And call it any relationship you want. When we can no longer trust that is brother Brandham doesn't say so just let that be. He says no let God come in and reestablish that trust. Let him fortify that and bring us to where we're one happy family in the Lord once again. That we can stand together and have our sword and our shield and be there faithful to battle for one another, praying for each other's needs. My brother and sister, this is what we're doing. We don't give up that easy. I tell you, if we're going to give up that easy, we might as well just quit right now. Amen. Because it'll only be a matter of a point on the calendar that you decide to quit. We're not quitters. We're here. We believe the word. We're standing on the word and we are going to have trust in one another. Fiery trials, we'll have them too, but we will have trust in one another. Amen. This is the body of Christ that has been prepared for us. Amen. Now, the Lord's preparation. I want to ask you straight up. I want you to look at your plans and I want to ask you, do they fit God's plans? Right? &gt;&gt; That's really a key that we need to solve or settle in our lives. Is the direction I'm going in my life. Does that fit what God wants me to do? Because we can be almost anything without the Lord, but you won't be blessed. He's not going to glorify our work that's outside of his word. So, we need to know what we're doing. Amen. Just as we are taught to pray for revelation, we should pray to know the will of God in our life. &gt;&gt; Amen. And maybe we could tuck that right under the title or the heading of Revelation. Let it be revealed to you God's perfect will for your life. Amen. Because once again, without being redundant, I want to say, can we realize that we'll never find the glory in our plans that we'll find in God's plans? Be glorified, my brother and sister, in oursel. Yes, we'll pick on some of those guys that have done quite well in their life. We could we could look at these guys that are in the headlines. They they created computers. They own multitudes of real estate. Uh they have mass marketing under their belt and and people glorify them. They talk about how big their yacht is. They talk about how big their airplane is, how big their house is. People look at that and they idolize that. But my brother and sister, there's a whole another group of people that come over here. And this might you might think I'm being harsh here, but you'll find in the religious world the very same attributes. Oh, their church is so big. They have tens of thousands of followings. They have a jet airplane. They have all of this. And then on the back side of the desert is a little man, a little woman, a son, or a daughter that is consecrated to God doing their best to live for the Lord. And I want to ask you if you can solve the riddle this morning of which one of those God's going to glorify. Amen. It's not going to be what we glorify in the human element, but it's going to be what God glorifies. And I say, Lord, if I need to be poor to be glorified, then let me be poor. If I need to be sick, Lord, to you be glorified, then let me be sick, Lord. Whatever it takes for you to be glorified in me is what I long for. And you say, "Do you really want to be sick?" No, I don't really want to be sick, but I want to be glorified more than I care about what this life is. I want to please God. I want to hear those words, well done. Because after all, if the scripture is true, did I just say that? If the scripture is true, let me finish it. It's all going to burn anyhow. And we care so much for this stuff that a scientific matter would be called carbon displacement. We care so much for it and your soul is worth 10,000 worlds. I give you young people a challenge. Maybe you own a better calculator than I do. I literally sat down one day with encyclopedia that we have is a few years old, but I figured that was close enough. It listed all the nations on the earth at that particular time. And it listed the gross national product of every nation on earth at that time. I didn't make it through like 10 nations before my calculator said it was too large to compute. 10 out of 200 and some. And the calculator can't calculate. And your soul is worth 10,000 times the total. &gt;&gt; And we think so little of ourselves. Lord, I'm not able. Lord, I'm not capable. Lord, I can't. You see where we're putting ourselves, saints? Come on, somebody smile at me so I I won't think you're all okay. Thank you. Now, just think about this. Now, we realize God knew Lucifer's heart from the very beginning. It wasn't a shock, but just humor me for a moment. Lucifer is sitting there. He's got his glory calculator out and he's like, you know, if I was the head of all of this, I would receive all this glory. But if I was just a faithful servant to Almighty God, he gets the glory. Let's have a coup. Let's overthrow the angels cuz I want the glory. Now you look at the short term. I think right now you don't have to look very far to see Satan is glorified right and left. I mean from A to Z he is glorified but let's remember God always looks at the finished work right that's why you don't look at this outer flesh you look at the heart and God looks at your heart so don't judge yourself because your flesh maybe has suffered but judge the finished work so if Lucifer had moved on down and saw that if under serving God that he would receive glory by being a part of God's plan. But let's look at the end. Is there any glory being cast in the pit? There's nothing glorious about that. See, he looks so shortterm. I am trying to make a point. You look so shortterm, you don't feel glorified. You feel like you're a failure. You feel like you're too weak. you you feel a lot of things. I want you to stop looking over the end of the hood and look off down into eternity what God promised. Amen. He promised that you and I would be glorified and we're going to be living in his presence, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, Almighty. Amen. And if the Almighty is in us, then we're going to be living there in the realm of the Almighty. And we're going to be glorified in that realm. and everything you ever desired in your heart will be manifested then at that time and you'll look at this and see so Satan thought I I'll get more glory by making myself preeminent but he couldn't see the glory of being part of God's plan and I tell you my brother and sister we'll come here today and we'll look at this now perfect strength perfect weakness amen you look how this is now and we would see brother Isaac perfect strength perfect weakness amen We try to make our weakness excuses. Anybody here guilty? Feel free to lift a hand. Amen. We use our weakness as an excuse. How many times I can't. &gt;&gt; Come on. Excuses should no longer be accepted. We want to tell how big we are, how great we are. I think it that's one of the things that God gave me the text for was to get that out of your mind. Out of our mind. See, there's little things that we do. That's what we come to church for is to find out where our fault is. Oh man, it's going to change my preaching forever. Let's see. I'm going to have to I don't know. Yeah. Turn on my fault finder. Oh, this is for electricity. We'll see if it works anyway. But that's what we come for. Not to find fault with you, &gt;&gt; but for our faults to be revealed to us. &gt;&gt; That we could realize there's little things in my life that don't quite line up. The little things that we do, that's what we come to church for, is to find out where our faults is. The things that we might better ourselves by. Now, this is not self-help making oursel better. Amen. If we come to church for any other objective than this, I'm afraid we won't get too much out of coming to church. We must come to find our weaknesses, to find our bad places, and see how little we are, and put our trust in somebody that's strong. But when we have weaknesses, there's so many of us likes to testify or likes to think that we're insufficient and therefore we make that an excuse. I have no education. I have no ability. I love it when we were over there in the conference there in the Netherlands. I loved it when they got up and sang that song that God does not call the qualified. He qualifies the called. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. He doesn't care whether you're qualified or not. He'll qualify you after he calls you. Amen. He's not looking for the greatest of talent, but he's looking at the voice that is sincere, sung from the heart. He's looking at the one who says, "Lord, my whole objective is you." Amen. We have our weakness. So many testify or likes to think we're insufficient. I like how he puts that in. We like to think we are insufficient. Now, I don't mean to be too personal. Maybe you lift a hand, maybe you won't. I'm not worthy. &gt;&gt; Comes right out of our mouth. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I'm not worthy. &gt;&gt; As though God didn't know that, &gt;&gt; but he called you anyhow. &gt;&gt; He didn't call you because you was worthy. He called you because he's going to make you worthy. He's going to manifest his life in you and make you worthy. So, we need to get the idea in our head that I I can't do this because I'm not worthy. I can't Well, let me just focus on this. I can't sing a special I don't have a good voice. Did God say there was a certain qualification for a voice? &gt;&gt; No. Only sincerity. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, have you ever been around Oh, why I'm on this one? I might as well just go ahead and stomp on a little. Ever been around somebody, I'm not talking about real legit. You know, you got things you want prayer requests. I've been around some folks that you can't hold the conversation with them. If you're around them for eight hours, you have eight hours of what is wrong in their life. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; My brother and sister, I'd rather have eight hours worth of wrong in my life and take five minutes and testify my God's in control. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Which one's going to bring you a result? Which one's going to bless you? Because after all, your body's going to obey your confession. &gt;&gt; It's all wrong. It's all wrong. It's all wrong. It's all wrong. How about my God's in control? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; There's a few hiccups, a few potholes, a few things here. Amen. The old car is only running on five cylinders out of eight. You know, the tires are bald, but praise God, I'm going to glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I have no education. I have no ability. I'm unable to do this. If you keep that up and do it that way, keep going like that, then you can't amount to anything. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; You talk about self-fulfilling prophecy. I can't live an overcoming life. You won't. &gt;&gt; I can't help in the church. You won't. Boy, this might be a good time. Praise God. Who wants to go pick up all the leaves? I'm sorry. I got a cow in the ditch. Don't have enough time. I'm so busy. I can suggest a couple books in the bookstore for you if you don't have enough time in your life. And the end of it all says, "If you don't recognize how much time you waste, you don't recognize how much time you have." &gt;&gt; Okay. Where's Paul at? I'm out in the bushes here. I'm out in the bushes. Amen. God uses that very thing to tackle the job with. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In other words, he didn't need your ability. He just needed you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; See, he waits for us to get to that condition so he can use us. We take the excuse and say, "Well, I I I'm I'm can't do this. I'm insufficient. I can't do it." God takes that very thing to do the job with. That's true. That's the reason why he chooses us because we're in that condition. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you were so perfect, Amen. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't be able to use you. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now I've kind of preached 2 Corinthians 12 there. We'll move on. Now I want to close up with this in the token. We'll see right here. Notice then the preparation for his promised land people. Now, not a preparation for just anybody. There'll be many people, and this come across very pointed. I'm sorry if it does. Not anybody's going to walk in and accept these words, &gt;&gt; but you do. And God has made it very clear that you were chosen, that you were called according to scripture, not according to some man out here, but according to the word, that you were chosen and called. And so God is doing a preparation for his promised land people. Amen. God knows who are his own. Amen. If he doesn't, then he's not God. &gt;&gt; But he does. Notice what he did. First, he had a people that he had made a land for them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a land beyond the river that we call the sweet forever. You've got a land. It's been made for you. You're not going to get there. and see all the heathens running around the land. You're not going to ever have to, brothers, come into a place, a store or a a shopping uh center or something and and walk and look at the floor tiles. Amen. It reminds me of a brother one time. He says, "This where we live is so bad." He said, "I know. I don't even have to look up. I can walk in the door of the store and it's 41 tiles. Turn left. It's 27 tiles. Look at the shelf. Get the loaf of bread. Turn around and repeat. Go over this so many steps. Turn here in the cash register cuz it's so bad you can't even raise your head. The indecency is everywhere. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's not going to be in this land that is our promised land. Amen. We're going to go there. We're going to rejoice amongst the saints, amongst the believers, the presence of God. Going to have such liberty. Who's looking forward to that? Amen. We should with all of our heart be saying that's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for that land. &gt;&gt; First he had a people. He made a land for them. And he prepared a land for them. And now he sent down their preparation for it for the promised land people. It was only for those who were predestinated to that promised land. Bride day. &gt;&gt; Who's looking for bride day? I tell you, I'm looking for bride day. I'm looking for when the Lord comes and wraps himself around it and said, "My beloved." I'm not talking about in a spiritual sense, but to be right there in the presence of our Lord. Amen. And how he done it, he sent a prophet with a message identified by a pillar of fire. Gave a token that they could rest assured that it was right. It was her consolation. &gt;&gt; Amen. I love that. I tell you, it's coming a time we got a consolation of what God has called us to. We've got that consolation that God gives a promise and he keeps his promise. His word cannot fall to the ground. It never will. Amen. And you look through the scripture and you'll find the scripture actually talks about that of those whose words never fell to the earth. Prophets that words never fell to the earth. Men who spoke and their word never fell to the earth. If a man could live that way and be recorded in scripture, how so the bride of Jesus Christ can live in this day and our words will never fall to the earth. It might look like we come short. It might look like we fail, but we're looking through our eyes. Why don't we stop and look through God's eyes? And God's eyes says, "My word can't return void." That means what he deposited in you cannot fail. It cannot fall to the earth. And it cannot be abolished or done away with. But that word has to return because it's God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. We'll close with this. Amen. Revelations 19 1-9. Some of my favorite scripture. After these things, I heard a great voice of much people in heaven. Much people. You realize if you have the correct revelation, you see yourself in that verse right there. &gt;&gt; You are amongst that multitude that have a voice in heaven. Allelujah. Salvation, glory, and honor, and power unto the Lord our God. For true and righteous are his judgments. For he has judged the great which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand." Now, I want to just throw something out very pointed. I'm sorry to make it this pointed, but I'm telling you, it's been brought to my attention several people. Amen. They want to know what what do you think of the fact that the new pope has said that there's only one way to salvation, and that's through Jesus Christ. It's no longer through Mary. What do you think about that? Have you ever heard of the story of the young man who wanting to win the girl's heart told her what she wanted to hear? &gt;&gt; That's it. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Then after he had his hands on her, married her, took possession of her. &gt;&gt; Those are old archaic words that are not accepted in this day. But scripturally, Jerry is my possession. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Quite lively possession if you ask me, but um still my possession. I told her words that even just yesterday she reminded me. She's going to kill me for this, but I'm going to die sooner or later anyway. So yesterday she just reminded me, &gt;&gt; why can't you keep your promises? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, foolishly, at one time I told her I would buy. Now, if I ever own one, you'll know it's her fault, not mine. I told her at one time I'd buy her a Mercedes 450 SL convertible, cuz that's what she wanted to hear. I bought her a Mercedes truck with a sunroof. That wasn't close enough. Now, I made a silly analogy there. But you have a pope saying, "No, it's not through Mary any longer. It only comes through Jesus Christ." Can you see what he's doing? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. He's telling them what they want to hear. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly right. &gt;&gt; Come back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's some Pentecostals already. There's a video out there if you look. I can't tell you just exactly how to find it, but there's Pentecostals went kiss the ring and they've stood there and said, "Oh, praise God. Such a glorious day. We're coming back to mama." &gt;&gt; You see what's happening? telling them what they want to hear. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; sir. That's right. &gt;&gt; Can one pope change 2,000 years of dogma? No. No, he can't. You'll find in the fine print somewhere, you know, take this drug. The doctor says it'll make you healthy and make you better, make you run, jump, make you happy. They'll show all these smiling people. Then it comes to side effects, heart disease, kidney problem, liver. &gt;&gt; Now, I'll tell you, you'll find in the fine print, what the real intent of it is. And I want you to look at this because I don't play games. I will not be called the deceiver. You tell me if you can't find yourself in those words right there. the same words that have been in scripture for all these years. And it's right there. Amen. He's judged them. They corrupted the earth. Their fornication, venge the blood of his servants. And again, this little bride is there saying, "Hallelujah." And her smoke rose up. And the four and 20 elders and the four beasts fell down and worshiped God that sat on the throne, saying, "Amen and allelujah." And a voice came out of the throne saying, "Praise our God." &gt;&gt; Whose voice is that? &gt;&gt; It's you and I, my brother and sister. We are there in the throne, not sitting around somewhere, not far. We're a part of Jesus Christ. That's what the word shows us. We're a part of him. We're in him. We have his very name. We have his very DNA, his very life. And it's there that this voice comes out of the throne. Praise our God all ye servants and all ye that fear both strength and the marriage of supper of the lamb. Amen. It has come. It's here right here now. My brother and sister, look at this. We are a part of this whole place. The voice that's in the throne and us being there to worship before the throne. It's all a manifestation of God in his word coming forth in this day to declare to you and I, keep coming. Keep coming. Come on a little higher. Come on a little higher. Come a little closer. Come on up. Rise up. Amen. Because God sitting there putting that th voice in the throne was to declare the very word that's in the heart of sons and daughters of God. It's not another voice. It's not another people. It's not another age. It's God himself speaking to the bride of Christ. Amen. For the marriage. And I heard as it were a voice of a great multitude, and as a voice of many waters, and as a voice of mighty thundering, saying, "Hallelujah! For the Lord God omnipotent reignth." Let us, oh my brother and sister, come on, let's lift our voices today. Amen. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give honor to him. For the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready. Oh, hallelujah. Let's not be here. I'm a defeated Christian. I hope I make the rapture. I'm going to try. I don't know. I'm not good enough. I'm not worthy. Forget that nonsense. The word of God clearly shows us that we as sons and daughters of God will come to that throne and we will come with prayer and praise and thanksgiving in our hearts. We will not come as a defeated people. We will not come as the cast outs. This is not a B team. This is not second string. This is God's called. This is God's chosen. This is the word made manifest right here. Amen. The voice that come from the throne was encouraging you and I to come closer. Come on, keep coming. Lift your voice and praise. Amen. And it said that she's made herself ready. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Whose plan was that? Was it our plan? &gt;&gt; Can we make ourselves ready? &gt;&gt; It's certainly not Lucifer's plan. Where do we find our glory? In God's plan. In God's plan is where we find our glory. From start to finish. From the beginning to the end. The Alpha and the Omega. God in control of it all. Now, if he can make this plan work so perfect, do you not think he can take the little things of our lives that seem so out of kilter, seem so out of place? Do we not think he can take those and set them back in order? Is there anything unfixable to our God? Is there anything that he cannot overcome? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Let's let go. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And let God have his way. &gt;&gt; Let's let him come. If I spoke too direct, forgive me. But I have to speak what God lays on my heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's time for us to quit trying to live by our plan &gt;&gt; and start trusting God in his plan. &gt;&gt; Amen. and his plan is perfect. Hallelujah. Sister Vikica, would you come? Blessed are they. Who's blessed today? Hallelujah. We've been called to the marriage supper of the lamb. I think it's time for us. As we read earlier to get rid of the words, I can't. I'm not worthy. Can't happen. We need to throw those out and say, "Lord, I want your perfect plan. I want it to come to pass in me." &gt;&gt; Cuz remember, he didn't call you cuz you qualified. He said after he called you, &gt;&gt; he would qualify you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just stand. Let's not have a voice of failure. Let's have a voice of victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A voice of worship. &gt;&gt; A voice that some people in the world would say it's kind of arrogant for a person to stand and say, "I am an overcomer, but I'm just repeating what my Lord said about me." &gt;&gt; That's right. It wasn't my That wasn't my conclusion. For one, if you know me very well, you'll realize I wasn't bright enough to come up to that conclusion. I'm just repeating what he said. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't you like that when you have something worth repeating? Amen. We don't have to come up with a new message. We don't need to come up with a new Bible, a new interpretation of the Bible, a new view on what it is to be a Christian. We can just take the word of God and we can look at that and by grace, God reveals that to us. Amen. This what the prophet is talking about when he said reading between the lines. It doesn't leave us, my brother and sister, as repeaters. He leaves us as the word speaking today. Amen. The bride has a voice. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. The spirit and the bride say, "Come." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm so glad. I might need some help, Brother Alex. Hallelujah. Just had this song on my heart. Amen. In fact, why don't you just Why don't you just begin? You shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. I shall love the Lord with all my heart. I shall love the Lord with all my soul. I shall love the Lord with all my mind, with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Lord, I love you. Oh Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. You can go up to the key of F. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I have searched for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. One more time. Oh, there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. I have a maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me, no matter where I go. And he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker. Oh, I have a maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. And he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. He knows my name. M He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. Let's go to number 223. At night I lay in bed. At night, I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, I can't explain with tongue or pen. The spirit's groaning deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pull. I feel the pole. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase he was drawing me to give a higher praise. There's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure I'll reach the goal cuz I feel the pull. Oh, I feel the pole. I hear the call and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I Lord please come and take control. I feel the pull. I feel the pull once again. Oh, I feel the pull. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed.
