################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-16 - (11-15-25) Satuday Evening Testimony - Tommy Richmond - Tommy Richmond - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-16
Title:   (11-15-25) Satuday Evening Testimony - Tommy Richmond
Speaker: Tommy Richmond
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNEjwU_aOA0
========================================

play a little bit of a a background music just to [music] to uh uh set a atmosphere and create an environment where the Lord Jesus feels welcome. [music] You know, we come here to uh to grow a closer walk with the Lord Jesus and entertain our creator. You know, we're longing to feel [music] his presence and to see him and experience more of him. And and you know, I I was sitting back there and as I got to I began to pray and just thank on the Lord. You know, the Lord just began to minister to my heart and and I got to thinking about coming out here. You know, think about the courtroom when brother Bham said the docket set. Here I come to be an eyewitness of the resurrection power of Jesus Christ. You know, you might you can see things or hear things, but they won't stand in court. &gt;&gt; But I'm I've experienced it for myself and I you know, and I you know, but but about two weeks ago, God started to minister. I woke up in the middle of the night and God just ministered to my heart and I wrote this note down about 3:00 in the morning that uh uh walking in the vision, you know, and the next day I woke up and God started just kind of ministering to in my heart that we're walking in the vision, walking in the vision that we was in his mind before the foundation of the world. And you know, we we find oursel uh you know, uh you know, and then that's when I I just began to become more of a reality to me that you know, friend, I ain't nothing but just a just a Christian, a soldout son of God filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that that's what I want to testify that what I what I have, you can have. And and I hope that it just makes you thirsty for more. Anybody here out there online that thirsty for more that no matter what you have need of, it's in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; You know, I say we're like Joshua and Caleb. We're out here spying. We've spied out the land and we come back to tell you that it's filled with all the benefits. I don't care what you have need of. The baptism of the Holy Ghost, salvation, healing, deliverance, prodals, come home, &gt;&gt; you name it, it's here. Restoration, we're going to get into all that. But you know, you know, I come to just uh just to share my story and share my experience. Strength of hope of Jesus Christ. You know, the message of the hour is the revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally, you know, and I want to tell you about my Jesus. &gt;&gt; And, you know, I don't want to tell you about some historical god or some painted fire. I want to tell you about a fire that shut up in my bones, you know, and I want to tell you how my fire got lit. Glory to God. And so, it [snorts] just gets me fired up to think about, you know, what we're displaying is the resurrection power of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. making him Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; The simplicity of God's been dealing with me on that simplicity of a life lived. &gt;&gt; Simply living a Christian life, &gt;&gt; you know, that that's what's been so heavy on my heart, you know, and you know, we're going to get on down in my notes right now, but that's fine. You know, it's like I could ask you, what is church to you? Is this just to come to and go through the motions? Come through as uh you know, just to do your religious duties? uh you know what is the message to you &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Is it just intellectual? Is it just something you know made up? Or is it is the Bible or in this message is it going to come off of the paper into the heart into a reality into our lives? And and you know that's where God's been ministering to my heart, you know, and that's just you know, you know, I just have a heart for the people to to encourage the people and inspire them as God's inspired my life. You know, me and my brother-in-law, we got we got a little prison outreach. we go to prisons and we go hit the streets and go the highways and the byways and compel them and just tell them about Jesus &gt;&gt; and you know and that that's where I f I've been finding my finding my my post and that's where I said you know I didn't I didn't get to that yet but but but when I I wrote down walking in the vision and back to the future I wrote that little note down back to the future because where I'm going to take you right now is I want to take you in the back part of the mind of God where he saw us before the foundation of the world you can see that great creator the master builder you know I'm a builder and a creator you know I'm a chip up off the old block. I like to create things and make tables and and build stuff. And like I was telling Brad, you can imagine the great creator out there, you know, sculpting each one of us, sculpting us into the the way he sees us, each one of us individually and fearfully and wonderfully made. And he's like, you know, and when I'm working on a table and I'm I'm I'm sanding and I'm honing it down, I'm like, nah, a little bit more. And I get I finally get it to where I want it. And that's where God was ministering to me that I'm walking in that position, walking in my post of duty, walking in the vision. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, that's what I'm saying. What is all that's why I'm just saying the simplicity of my life. I just want to show you the revelation of Christ to me. I want it to be a quickening power to you. That is so simple that God came down from glory, died on the cross, paid his blood to pay a debt that I couldn't pay and healed me, filled me, sealed me, filled me, and delivered me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and did all these things so he could come tabernacle my heart &gt;&gt; and be a Mark 16 church in action &gt;&gt; and he said signs and wonders follow the believer &gt;&gt; you know I might not be a prophet apostle I mean I am an apostle but I might not be a prophet a preacher a teacher evangelist you know but I am a believer &gt;&gt; and signs and wonders follow the believers so we should cast out devils in that name we should lay hands on the sick and they should recover and so that you know just being a real prayer warrior staying fed up, prayed up, read up, ready to go, fired up in Christ Jesus, having your personal relationship in tune with Christ. And that's where I just say that quickening power to me has been so real to see that revelation of Christ in me, the hope of glory, walking and living another written epistle read of all men, making us the word made flesh again. &gt;&gt; Man, that's just so rich. And that's why that's why I want that's why it just puts a fire in my bones. It gets me shoo. &gt;&gt; We done got all my my notes is all way jumbled up now. We we ain't even going to be able to [snorts] &gt;&gt; even go by the notes anymore. But praise God. You know that's why we just came here to talk about Jesus. &gt;&gt; Glorify his great name. Lift him up. &gt;&gt; You know, and just entertain him. You know what did you say the other day? He was talking about, you know, when when the brother was going down the road, he he he scooted a paper out of the way and Lord Jesus, here's you a seat. We want you to ride with us. You know, that's where we want to make him feel welcome. That's where we want him to come ride with us and walk with us and talk with us. He said, "I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world." You know, and you know, it's so encouraging as we go down through this journey. &gt;&gt; In Mark 5, he says here, "How be it, Jesus suffered unto him, but he said unto him, go home to thy friends and tell them how great things the Lord hath done and had had compassion on thee." And you know, this is legion. And you're looking, I was legion. eat up with demons, eat up with devils, &gt;&gt; one of the worst of the worst, but God is good. And he says here in verse uh uh uh 36, be not afraid, but only believe. &gt;&gt; First Corinthians 2:4, he said, "My speech and my preaching was not enticing words of man's wisdom, but in power and demonstration of the spirit." &gt;&gt; And so that's what I want my life to be. It's as simple what he's done for me, he'll do for you. I want I hope it encourages you tonight to go away from here stronger and desiring more of Jesus Christ, desiring a closer walk with him. &gt;&gt; And uh you know, [clears throat] like I said, boy, we got way off on my notes, but you know, we've spied out the land, you know, and you know, I didn't know where to start and and God gave me that little starting place there, you know, on the docket is set, you know, I thought that that was good. I like that, you know, and [snorts] and you know, and I I put in here in my notes and you know, the back to the future and and back to the future because if we're going to go back in the back part of God's mind, we're going to come back up here in the future to where we're at in present day time. But we can go back and go back. But we can go all the way back to the future that we have over in eternal life with Christ Jesus. That's But we're going to come on back here for a minute, but we're only going back to the future in eternity, huh? Woo! We're looking ready to get out here in the rapture and go back home. You know, we're only pilgrims and strangers here so long to go home. You know, we're contending for the faith that is once delivered to the saints. You know, I like the definition of vision. After I was looking, I was I was thinking about that walking in the vision. So, I looked up the definition of it. It says uh definition of it says the faculty or state of being able to see. She had a defective vision similar to eyesight and sight. says the ability to think about or plan the future with imagination or wisdom. You imagine you can imagine with your imagination right now God's great wisdom and his imagination with his fornowledge foreseeing everything. My goodness, how rich is that? So you can see that and then you you can see him seeing down through the sands of time allowing the devil to do what he did. He allowed the fall so he could come display himself. So he could display himself as your healer, display himself as your savior, display himself as your redeemer, your restorer. He said, "I'll make all things new." Glory to God. And he said the ability uh the the organization had lost its vision or direction. He said the imagination or creativity, a mental image of what the future will or could be like. Plural nouns, a vision of retirement. He said in an experience of seeing someone or something, a dream or a trance or as a supernatural aspiration, the idea came to him in a vision, a vivid mental image, especially one of the future. See the great creator out there seeing way down through the sands of time, seeing us right here. &gt;&gt; You imagine the Lord Jesus sitting right there saying, "I saw that way back there. I predestinated this appointment right now for us to be right here to fellowship and commune together. Huh? In one mind and one accord. Were they? Can we not get there today? You know, I got to thinking about I got to it's just getting a fire in my bone when you start saying you know who you are because you know who he is. You know who he is because of Malachi Malachi 4, Revelations 10:7, a messenger, a trumpet sounded called us out from among them pointing us back to our redeemer. He's our eleaser telling us the love secrets. That was so rich. You know, you know, when we started to realize when he said when she could realize who she is, that's where that's why I'm saying we ought to be able to realize who we are in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; If if they're going to get over there, it I was thinking about if they're going to get over there. And he said, uh uh they done miracles and cast out devils, did everything in that name. Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never even knew you. These workers of iniquity were doing works in his name and it was working for them. So how much more for a son and daughter of God should it work for us? The the bride of Jesus Christ. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; That's so rich, man. When you just think about it, &gt;&gt; we're gonna have to kind of take our time on some Oh no. We're going to take our time on some of that when I get to jumping around. That's what I was telling him. Then I get to rush and then I'm I miss good stuff, you know. And we're we're contending for the saints that was once delivered. We're contending for the saint. Well, we're contending for the saints and the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You know, and I just hope it stirs your heart tonight, you know, where wherever you are in Christ Jesus. And, you know, we want to stir the heart so that you understand what the gospel is to you. You know, the gospel is more than just Jesus Christ coming in a manger. Jesus Christ on a cross. We got to get him off the cross and into our heart. What What is the message? you know, and as witnessing the message and doing outreach work, you know, it finally came a point when you're sharing the message and this and that and you see a a world full of 44,000 different denominations and then you see the great calling out of uh sons and daughters of God in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; We see the the good news is he called us out, called us back to the word. He he he uh uh set aside stored up food for us to feed on. We get to eat on this mana from heaven. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; You know, that's so rich. And so, just uncomplicating Jesus, making Jesus so simple that the simplest Christian could have what I got. &gt;&gt; It's all right there for you. &gt;&gt; And that that's where my heart is desire is to just make it so simple. &gt;&gt; And I think I think that's where the Lord, you know, I I going to get on down in there. I'll tell you, but like two years ago on the way to a prison, the Lord spoke to my heart and said, "My message is my story, and my story is my message." And it's took me all the way to now to really just get it. Because I've kind of questioned, you know, I thought, "Well, am I supposed to be a man? Am I supposed to be this, supposed to be that, supposed to be this?" But now God's quickened to me the reality of our lives speaking louder than words. My life preaching with the power and demonstration the words that we can sit here and preach to you. All [clears throat] the preaching that brother Jesse and brother Brad that they preach all them years that faith going forward inspired my faith in them times I needed deliverance. I needed healing. You know everything that this ministry has brought forth. I'm a product. &gt;&gt; I'm a witness. I'm a that's why I'm here to stand on the docket and say Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And what he's done for me, he'll do for you. His resurrection power is fire in my bones. &gt;&gt; And they said, "Amen. We can go home now." Glory to God. Woo. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But yes, God is so good. It just gets me all, you know, fired up inside. &gt;&gt; Can y'all even hear that? &gt;&gt; I guess cuz I can't. [laughter] It's like I like feel like All right then. [snorts] All right. Yeah. And I said, uh, yeah. You know, no matter where you're at, I'm trying to work down just giving you a little my book. My my friends call me Storytime Tommy. If y'all want to know, they nickname me Storytime Tommy. might make a short story long. And so now y'all been getting a part of the pre-story before the story. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yep. But yeah, my God is a a a chain breaking, way making, mountain moving, valley filling God. Whatever you have need of, he's a God of the mountain and God of the valley. &gt;&gt; He's here for you. &gt;&gt; We don't want to just go through the motions of being a Christian. You know, &gt;&gt; you know, uh, you know, like deer hunters and, uh, hunters like we are, we we we kill animals and we got trophy rooms and you can go around the room and see see this buck and see this and he could tell you a story. But I want to take you in the trophy room of Jesus Christ and show you these devil's heads, smoking, pornography, &gt;&gt; uh, jealousy, &gt;&gt; anger, &gt;&gt; huh? All these things we can go on all night long. &gt;&gt; Alcohol, drugs. God is a mighty God. We got all these trophies &gt;&gt; and it's so rich, you know, &gt;&gt; but you know, I grew up and I was always over the top, which you can probably tell a little bit by just seeing me this little bit you've already got here. Um, [snorts] I was always over the top and extreme everything I'd done. You know, I come from a broken home. My mom and dad divorced when I was like five, five, six years old. They done divorced twice at this point. The my dad was uh abusive to my mom and I got to see that a lot growing up and all these things. And you know, he was Baptist and mom was Catholic, too. And you know, as I grew up, you know, my mom my mom had boyfriends in and out of her life. I just seen her getting roughed up and beat up a lot. And you know, seeing all that kind of stuff and uh you know, that that left impacts on you, you know, seeing that kind of stuff at them young ages like that. And uh but as I grew up, you know, I had a bad temper. You know, I would fight a buzz saw like brother Brandham said. I would fight anything. you looked at me wrong, you know, and and you know, I just had that fighting spirit to me, you know, and I, you know, I had a brother one time, I heard him preaching and, you know, he said, "Sometimes God deliver you from all that, but leave a little bit of that natural characteristic in there for you to fight for the Holy Ghost." And I believe that's what he left a little bit of that fighting nature in me to fight for him, you know, and stand for the stand for the Lord Jesus Christ, you know, and I mean, I ain't got to that yet, but I never could speak in public. I was not no public speaker. I never could testify, you know. A good example, my buddy asked me to uh uh be uh be the best man in his wedding. He asked me to give the best man speech. I got ready to get up there and uh the the the maiden, whatever you call her, she she the maid of honor, she done got up and man, she done killed it with this long good testimony for them. Then I got up and had some notes and I'm getting up there and I started to serve a few and next thing I know I fold it up and put it in my pocket and pretty much blank out. Couldn't get nothing going and and it pretty much felt like I made myself look like an idiot. Well, like I said, I could never speak in public. I couldn't ever get up and testify as much as I wanted to, but you know, by God's grace, you know, he said, "Waiting to your dude with power from on high, then try to strengthen that, brethren." And so, I can witness [music] and testify that the Holy Ghost can give you the courage and give you the strength to do what you got to do in when you have a time need to do it. So, but I was always that was the way I was, you know. I was always into extreme sports. I love skating, biking, bike, dirt biking. I raced dirt bikes and played football. I love football. And you know, I was a daredevil. You know, I like just pushing the edge. You know, I broke both both legs, broke some ribs. I was always in and out of trouble all my life. It was just a lifestyle to me. You know, everything I did, you know, I I can tell you I was in elementary school, I got in so much trouble in elementary school, they sent me to middle school uh detention. I got so much when I got to middle school, I got in so much trouble in the middle school, they sent me the high school detention. I got and eventually I got to where you know I graduated from a a county inmate to a state inmate when you know but you know God by the time I was 15 years old is when I began to smoke cigarettes and drink and and do drugs and stuff. I had my first drinking party when I was 15 years old. You know, you know, they would rather me get drunk at home and do all that versus out running the roads, you know. So, made it okay for me to start doing that. And, you know, my over-the-top nature. I love getting high and love getting drunk, you know, because I love that adrenaline rush. I love the endorphins. You know, we know now what that is that them endorphin release, you know, when I can sit there and get drunk, get high and, you know, instant gratification. I didn't have to do no work for it. Looking back, I can see the change in my life when I started become a drug addict, you know, and started uh, you know, seeing them things, you know, and and and that's why I say to you kids in here to find fellowship and stay in fellowship with believers and Christians, you know, and and find friends and, you know, like my mom always used to say, you hang out with dogs, you're going to get fleas, you know, and you know, the devil offers you nothing but death. &gt;&gt; It's nothing but emptiness. I'm an eyewitness. I did all that he had to offer and it was empty and leave you for hungering for more. The devil will get you to rob the bank and call the law on you because he hates you. He's just going to use you like a little instrument. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, you know, but I'm a witness that this fire in my bones better than any drug, any drink, anything you can go, he can offer you &gt;&gt; because it offers you peace. It passes understanding and joy unspeakable and full of glory because you know where you're going. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; You know, and it's so it's so awesome, you know. And and what I encourage you to do is, you know what I've done since God just fired me all the way up. You read your Bible more, you pray, &gt;&gt; go to church, &gt;&gt; stream some sermons, &gt;&gt; get plugged in with your local believers that you can find some fellowship and have fun. We love to fellowship. God created us, you know, to have fellowship with one another, &gt;&gt; you know, and it's hard sometimes because we can build up complexes in this day and age, you know, the, you know, we're fighting more than giants of sex, drugs, and rock and roll anymore. We're fighting giants of pornography. We're fighting giants of Instagram where this Instagram maybe this Instagram reel made this girl look so attractive that it made this boy lust after her. That this in same Instagram real made this girl feel insecure about herself cuz she's not as pretty as this girl and this and that. You see, we're battling all these insecurities complexes. You know, the greatest battle ever falls up here in the mind. So, the devil's attacking it through that channel and we, you know, and it's just the way it is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we know we got to we got to we got to fight what we're putting in our mind. Guard the battlefield. Get the get the get the great soldier, the Holy Ghost right here in the forefront of the mind, battling with you, helping you. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I liked it like this, too. You can remember hitting the faith gym. You go, you go to the gym and hit the weights. You go hit you go you go get you some cardio in. You trying to get stronger, right? You trying to do these things. You training. Same thing with reading your Bible. You're reading your Bible, you're praying, you're hitting the faith gym. Remember that I didn't go hit the faith gym today, &gt;&gt; you know, &gt;&gt; and you know, and and as I've witnessed to people, I' i've talked to people and they're like, you know, I don't have some great testimony like you. I never went into drugs. I never did all them things. You know, that's such a greater testimony that God has kept you. &gt;&gt; And you ought to cherish that and realize and see that it's a blessing. You don't want all these scars and all these things that you got to go through when you go out there in the devil's playground. So, I encourage you to just stay in fellowship with the Lord &gt;&gt; and his people. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; So, by the time I was a senior, uh I always like to do crazy stuff, you know, and uh by the time I was a senior in high school, I got in a fight with a with a girl and then I got in a fight with a principal and quit school. school wound up getting quit in school and you know I was riding around one of my buddies this night and uh he he had got hurt and got some money from a settlement. Well that night I was I was riding around with him and I was like you know I was like man I wish I could get hurt and get some money like you and and I say that to say be careful what you wish for. The next day me and my dad we woke up and we got my stepdad and we got we got in a fight and we we wound up going. and he drops me off at work and uh I'm there and the next thing I know I hear this big explosion and I'm like I'm I'm uh the grease fryers at Arby's got knocked all over me and I was I was burned my all all that and I was trying to get up and uh going out the back door and and I got out the back door and when I got out the back door I was trying to take my clothes off and and then boom that same car come in reverse and nailed the the the order and sign and kept me from uh getting hit and uh I wound up having thirdderee burns all my whole back and the back of my arm and all that and all my face had second degree burns in my arms and chest and stuff like that. But they they took all the skin off my legs and I was in the hospital for about a month. And you know, at that point in life, you know, I was thinking money was going to buy my happiness. And it was like that, you know, I wound up getting a little money from that settlement obviously, you know, and and as I was going through it, you know, I wound up seeing how empty I still was. No matter what, me and my buddies, we still did the same old things. No matter what, I end up just wasting my money and doing all that stuff, you know, and and you know, it just uh it was a blessing that I didn't get as much money as they told me I would have because I'd probably be dead right now. you would never seen me. But but you know, me and my buddies, we took a little I took a little bit of that money and we started a flooring business cuz my stepdad has a flooring store and we started doing flooring and stuff and uh I wound up buying my tools and everything and I wound up I'll tell you a crazy story. One time I I bought this car and I was coming out of Russellville and I was coming down through her and this this car comes up behind me and starts flashing his lights and uh he was flashing his lights and and I was like, "Oh no, I'm getting pulled over." And I I actually start to pull over a little bit and then the car pulls around me and I see it was like a SUV and it was like people they was wanting to get out and I start so I mat on it and start going flying down through there and when I'm going down through there uh I'm flying down through there and uh [snorts] uh uh I'm this car ends up flying back up beside me like that and they end up throwing this stuff out. I don't know what it was, but it made it almost look like smoke and and uh uh dust. And I wound up yanking it around there. And then they end up flying up back by me. And this guy was hanging out the window with a a pipe and a pipe wrench or something like that. And I end up I end up I had a I had a little plet pistol beside me. It looked just like a real 9 millimeter. I pull this plet pistol up and then old boy pulls up a pistol. I'm like, whoa. And I put that back down, you know, and I end up uh I end up I end up passing them, dude. I went flying down through her. I was coming up to the caution light and when I come up to the caution light I hit the E brake whipped it around in the road and come flying back at them and they ran off the road playing chicken with them ran I wound up running them off the road and then I I went down the road and come back around flying they out there just yelling screaming I went flying past them wound up going down through there and looping around and going back around and come up to this spot and then went down in this field and was up to no good back there and I sit there for a while I seen them there and then then they end up leaving and I end up leaving and then here come a car flying up behind me and as I was coming up through her. I seen it. I was like, "Oh, no. That's a that's a cop, man." And I wound up I went up I set the cruise and kept on going straight down through there and I was going I was getting my drugs and everything in my cigarette pack and wound up I got ready to turn in here when he he had me lit up and I had my cruise set. When I went up to turn in here, I threw my cigarette pack out. It slid up under a a leaf as he was pulling in. And uh they end up getting me out and they was like, "People been down here stealing an hydras." They got me. I'm like, "Y'all didn't hear that commot." Yeah. They was like, "We didn't know what that was." cuz I was like, man, they was trying to carjack me and they end up pulling my speakers out, pulling everything out. And uh it was just a crazy time that God kept me when they could have shot me, killed me, hit me head on, you know, and and just even in my ignorance, God kept me, you know, down through that, man. And you know, it's crazy. I could tell you stories for days of all the stupid and crazy stuff, but we're not going to go down through all that. But it's just always one of the stories that stuck out to me that, man, if you could only seen that night, God's hand of protection was on me. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh you know it was a little bit later uh I was uh I was invited to church. I hadn't been to church in a long time and uh I the night before uh I wound up and was out doing a bunch of stuff. But needless to say I was I I went to church and God was dealing with me. This is the first time at this point in my life. Uh now we're moving on. I'm probably about 20 21 something like that. Uh, and uh, this is the first time God No, I was going to say 20. Yeah, 20. It don't matter. But anyway, uh, so I'm in this church and God's dealing with me. This is the first time, you know, something like God's ever kind of really pulling at me. Well, I end up, you know, fighting through all that. I end up seeing this guy go up with a guitar. I'm like, this guy going up there with a guitar, you know. I'm like, yeah, whatever. Gets up there, sings his heart out, man. It wounds up just pulling on my heartstrings, too. But I fought through all that. You know, at the altar call at the end, I left. I got going down the road, and this is the first time I heard this the Lord speak to me. Uh uh he said, "You're walking away from God." And something right there. I instantly I broke in under conviction, turned my truck around. I didn't know. I just had to get back and find that that preacher. I went back and went back in there and and wound up finding him. And he led me in there and led me to the Lord. And uh you know, God that day, I remember just being in in awe the rest of that day. I can tell you uh because of where I was. But God put an anchor down in my soul right there. He drove that anchor so deep that no matter how hard I tried to go the other way, he never let me go. He never let me go. And I can tell you and I can assure you that I tried to get away as much as I possibly could. [snorts] But God, he's faithful. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; He's watching over us. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. you know, but you know, a lot of times it's got to get worse before it gets better. You know, kind of like the old white dog, black dog story. [clears throat] Uh, you know, I I I began to I began to just, uh, spiral out of control more and more. Uh, I became to use more drugs than I had before. I was just had to I had backslid. I'm sorry. Uh, got off my notes here. But uh I I went down to w after I had gave my heart to the Lord. It was probably about two weeks later. I had already at this time I had kind of uh just uh been spending a little bit of time with the Lord more. You know, I've never done anything like this. I just felt like reading my Bible and stuff like that for about two weeks after that. And I wasn't hanging out with my friends. I would go work. I'd come home and I'm like, you know, I want to go tell my buddies about the Lord and what he's done for me. And I'm down there, you know, and uh I'm down there and start to witnessing to them. And uh one one of my friends uh aunts starts being like, you know, she's like, "Oh, I go to the bars and I go to the bars and witness to people and this and that." I'm like, "Really?" And I was, you know, and I, you know, that that's kind of hitting me. And she's like, "Oh, yeah, this and that." And you know, at this point, I'd already been kind of thinking a little bit about I think I'd even looked up trying to find what I could like uh pot, weed, alcohol, trying to find [laughter] in there I could almost justify to maybe, you know, a little bit, you know, maybe a little bit. So anyway, I'm down there and next thing I know, I I smoked a little bit. And I say all that to say because next thing I know, I'm running backwards worse than I ever had because I stepped away from that still small voice. And you know, and then I I started getting worse and worse and and you know, uh uh I was feeding that black dog, you know, and I I was out drunk, real bad drunk one night and I wound up getting in a bad motorcycle wreck at the end of my road and it was a miracle. I went down the inner road. My friends that they dropped me off. I come back and wound up blowing their doors out running them and got down over this and done a donut at the end of the road and started coming back up the hill. And when I was coming up the hill, I could see their lights coming. I'm like, "Oh, I need to scoot over a little it. And when I did, I passed them and then the road went out from under me and it was a curve there. And when I came back up on the black top, you could see later. And I flipped end over end down through the the opposite side of the road, trees and fences down through there. And you know, just that little bit from here to there, flipped my motorcycle down through there and God kept me. I woke up the next day at like just crack of daylight and I'm like, "Oh." I didn't have no shirt on, chest all raw, face so sweat up, I couldn't even talk, like one shoe. I was like dislocated shoulder. And I'm walking down through her and I'm like, oh man, there's my motorcycle. And then I go to get on. I'm like, maybe I can limp this thing home. Bars bent down in the tank. Maybe I can limp this thing home. And I go to pick it up. And the keys wasn't even in it. They in my pocket. So apparently I tried to do something that night. I don't know. And then here just so happened that day my stepdad was going to help his dad that morning. And here he come around the curve and wound up. He he he he thought I was going to die. My mom will always tell you to this day that that he just don't know. He thought I was going to die, man. But the grace of God kept me there, you know. He had a work to do in my life, you know. And it was about two weeks after that, after all my black eyes and my swelling go down, I'm like, man, I ain't been in church in a minute. I'm like, you know, I'm going to go over here. I'm going to go to my buddy's church. They're a bunch of weirdos, but I'm going to go over there. You know, and I can say I'm one of them now. [laughter] I'm an oddball now. You know, sir, &gt;&gt; you know, at that time, you know, here I am. I got tattoos. I look like Hell's Angels coming up in here. I got tattoos and earrings and everything else. And this is Holy Ghost filled people, you know, with with skirts on and long hair. I'm like, you know, it's it's weird to me, [laughter] you [snorts] know, and uh but you know, by God's grace, you know, I actually seen my wife there and and it was probably about two weeks I I kept thinking about this girl, man. And I reached out to one of my buddies. I'm like, I don't even know how to talk to a good girl. Maybe [laughter] maybe you can get her number for me, man. And uh anyway, I got her number and she's my wife of beautiful wife of 19 years now. &gt;&gt; Uh it kind of it kind of she kind of helped me keep going to church too. And you know I was rebaptized and you know I'm going speed it up. You know we got married and had a son and uh I began to you know I I at this point you know now I have all these responsibilities you know and and and [music] now I'm getting worse and worse. Now I start using meth regular because I work for myself. I I become a full-blown alcoholic. I I was drinking beer as soon as I woke up. I woke up. I mean, literally cussing, mad at the world. My wife can tell you stories they couldn't tell why somebody could be so angry. I hated life. I I just didn't know why I was still here. But I had this turmoil in me because I knew there was something real out there. I believe now I'm trying to fix something. Before I was content, you know, even though I mean, you know, I have bad days, but I told you I loved getting high. That's what I did, you know. But when God came in there and I tasted the real life, oh son, once I backslid, there was never I was always trying to get back to that. And so now I start I started amping it up. I start turning it up and I'm running from my responsibilities. [music] Life is mounding up on me. It's getting bad, you know. [snorts] And uh you know, the adult dope game is death, hell, or death or prison eventually. You know, I got a brother that's been in in the pin now for years. I got a sister that committed suicide a couple years ago. and and you know I know where the dope game will take you to the grave and uh now uh uh I'm going worse and I'm going I'm going out of control and you know I I got I even got a little bit a aggressive with my wife you know and I didn't got I didn't got so jealous and controlling over over her because you know lacking my respon I ain't being a husband I am you know and all these you know insecurities and fears and all this stuff mounding up in my life, you know, my life was just complete darkness and you know, and it was just empty and and you [snorts] know, and to be where I was at, you know, I can go back there and as crazy it as it is. I got 13 years drugs and alcohol free now and and it seemed like it was just yesterday, you know, and it's just like, you know, I can tell you it's as though I lived two lives. And when I say that, I can say I have lived two lives because that old man is dead. &gt;&gt; And now I'm a new creature, a bornagain creature in Christ Jesus. Woo. It'll put a fire in your bones [snorts] because you when you can go back to the darkness that I was and where I was, it was just nothing but emptiness. &gt;&gt; But I got so bad at this time. I I started telling my wife to just stay over their moms. I didn't even want her to come home, you know? I didn't even want them to come home because I'm like, you know, the chaos that it was around me and everything and and uh it's just crazy. But one night I got on a big drunk big tangent and I went over my buddies. that actually I was on the way to my buddies cuz I done got hammered and I'm supposed to be helping him do some tile tomorrow. I actually done quit my job where I did work and now I'm helping this guy. And so now I'm on the way to my buddies and my my bread truck. I had an old bunny bread truck, if y'all know what them are, them little panel vans. I had a bunny bread truck I did my flooring out of. And I'm on the way over there. I told my buddy, I said, "I'll be there. I'm just going to sleep in your driveway tonight." He's like, "No, man. Come on in." And I'm on the way over there and I remember so actually I had another part where I had kind of fixed my motorcycle back up but it was never legal. I was never legal. I was driving on suspended all these years. I was pulling a trailer at one point all the time covering my license plate because I was riding illegal all the time. Didn't want nobody see my plates. Anyway, so here I am on the way over here and then it dawns on me. Oh man, I got my I gave him my motorcycle so I wouldn't be riding a stupid thing. I'm on the way over and it dawns on me. [laughter] I got the keys. I got a key to that motorcycle, man. And I told Tammy, I told her, I got over the motorcycle for her. I said, "I'm on the way. I'm coming to see you tonight." Because I done got in a big fight. She's mad at me. [snorts] And uh she she actually can tell you today she told me, "Don't don't come." And here I am. Like I done hung up on her, son. I'm coming over to visit. It's late night. And uh I'm [snorts] on the way over coming down through her. And I wound up going I was coming in town. I come up to this light and I I didn't have no plates on here. And I'm up at this light and all I had was a rigged up headlight in the front in in the dome of a headlight where it was all busted. I just rigged a headlight up so I could have something. I even rode my motorcycle with a flashlight before. And I'm sitting there and I'm and I'm I'm up here at the stoplight and I see this the police over here and I'm like I'm like, "Oh no." And then here he he winds up coming over behind me and I'm going out through there. I'm trying to just ride and he lights me up and I'm like so I just drop the hammer. I drop some gears. I start hammering. I'm flying down through there. I'm flying. I'm going through. I bust through that four-way and go through there. And at this time, I realized I don't even know where I'm at. I need to get turned back around, get spun back around. So, I'm going down through there. And I was like, I need to turn around here. And when I went to hammer on the brakes and went to turn, I didn't have no brake light. All I heard, [screaming] he locked up. I looked at him and I looked back over my shoulder and he was about to plow me. And I gouged it and went around this light pole here and whip whipped it back around and come down through there and was flying back down through there. And I went on down through I seen a 100 sign and I thought it was telling me I need to go there. I blow through that and I realized no that was the truck route 100. That was the 100 I just went through again. I don't even know this. So now I mean I went that this next light I just had to run it and I'm wide open at this point and the the the police officer tell you and you could see it man I was dragging sparks where I had the frame dragging taking this curve. I'm flying down through there going down through there in front of Walmart and Lowe's and all that and I'm going down through there and it wound up being so many cars. You ain't ever in your life seen a whole line of cars. I look back and see like four or five policemen lying down through there. So then I just hit the yellow line and made them park the the cars were just parting out of my way like that and I was flying out through there and I went to go I needed to get turned around again because I don't know where I'm at. I went to turn around and when I went in this parking lot I did a tank slapper and it hit the ground and wound up sliding and I just knew I'm like okay it's over. I laid there they they pulled in there. You ain't never heard so many sirens in all your life. And he was yelling screaming at me. He had the guns on me and he told me he was going to shoot me if I got up and tried to run on foot. But by the grace of God, he kept me in the wreck. He kept me from hurting anybody. He kept me from hurting myself. And you know, I wrecked out and and surrendered. And I say all that because that was where God really started dealing with me. You know, after I went through a all the all the court process and all that, I wound up in jail. And I'm locked up. And I'm in there probably about a month. I'm in there probably about a month and I'm just going through it, you know, cuz now here here I am. My wife's out here. I don't know what she's doing. You know, like I said, I had that controlling spirit and at this time and jealousy and and my temper and everything and now you take the drugs and alcohol and tobacco and all that away from me too, all at the same time. Here I am, man. I'm going through it. I remember just laying there belly crying in the bed, you know, because I want to be tough. We're in jail. You don't want to, you know, look soft or nothing. So, I'm belly crying under my my blanket over here, crying out to God. I'm so mad at God cuz at any time you could have done anything. All I wanted to be was a good husband and a good dad. You know, I grew up in this broken home and I wanted to be there for my son. I wanted to be there for my wife and I just wanted to be good and I can't. And then he he spoke to my heart right then. He said, "You got nobody else to blame, so you're blaming me?" And I said, "I'm sorry, God. It's nobody's fault but mine." And I believe something happened right there and I'll never forget it as long as I live. I woke up the next, you know, I cried out that night. I couldn't tell you the rest of that night, but I woke up the next day and opened the Bible. My my finger landed on my grace is sufficient for thee. Therefore, my strength is made perfect. And I was reading that and I just flipped it again. And he said, "There's no fear in love. For perfect love cast out fear and that God was, that's when God was really dealing with me on fear." He had already he had already had had these other brothers talking beforehand. I I kind of caught easedropping there that when they was going through it uh this and that. He said, "He who fears tries to control everything around him." And and you know, I have I have no fear tattooed on me. I thought I was the most fearless, but you know, and it I realized then I had more fears of looking like so I'd go out here and fight anybody. Why? Because I I didn't want to look like a punk. I didn't want to look like a oh yeah, he whooped me. So I would drive that fear. So God was really deal dealing with me on fear. See, but then he started to deal with me that that, you know, on trusting my wife, you know, if I could only trust him, I didn't necessarily have to trust her. I could trust him to make all things right. And so God started dealing with me. And it was then he delivered me from my jealousy. He delivered me from drugs, alcohol, took all that uh uh desire from me. Uh 12 years of drugs and alcohol right there. Uh I said 13 years while ago. That was that was crazy. Uh, no, no. Yeah. 13 years about got 13 years confusing me now. 12 years of drugs and alcohol abuse. Now I'm 13 years clean. So I'm one year past longer than I used. [laughter] Yeah. I was confused for a second like what? Uh but uh so you know uh uh God started dealing with me on uh on these things, you know, as I laid there, you know, and as we see God, you know, uh uh I've said all that. So I I'm in I'm in jail, you know, I'm going through it in there at this point now. Before I wouldn't I wouldn't take no treatment programs. I wasn't going to no halfway house. I wasn't going to no a drug court, you know. So, I'm going to do my time, you know, and now God's dealt with me. You know what I'm saying? I'm I'm like, I got to get out here and take care of my family. I need to do what I need to do. So, then I start getting on there trying to get it. And so, then they end up shocking me out. I go through this [music] two-year drug court program. She made me get my GED and do all these different things. And, you know, I had to go through bankruptcy. I had a bunch of back taxes and a bunch of uh doctor bills and all these crazy things. But, you know, God helped me because he's a restorer of all things. my marriage, my my wife, she can tell you she was right there at the end. If I if I wouldn't have got out and made any changes, she had to see it for herself, you know, because I could say a lot of things, but until she seen some real fruit from it. So, but by God's grace, I got out and uh he's restored my marriage, made it better than I could imagine. She's so awesome. Best wife any man could ask for. And uh I know y'all might want to, but for me [laughter] and my house, we going to serve the Lord. Woo. That was good, you know. But uh uh we got out and started rebuilding our business and renting a place and you know, and uh with God all things are possible, you know. And little by little, he said he would drive out the Amorites, you know. He said, "I'll I'll let you move and move in and take it over, and I I if you'll kill out this little bunch of Hivites, I'll let you move in and take over. You know, we're going to keep taking over, right?" [snorts] And uh he helped me overcome the giant of drugs and alcohol and lust and all these. And little by little, the sanctification process. And I'm sitting in church one day and God starts dealing with me. And you know, at this point, I still smoked cigarettes. And I I still I still had tobacco in my life. And at this point, God started started dealing with me. And you know, while Peter yet spake them words, the Holy Ghost fell. And I'm sitting there and and he said, "Why don't you quit smoking today?" And I said, "I can't quit smoking today. I'm going to Papa's." I said, "Everybody," I said, "Everybody in my family smokes." He said, "Why don't you hang out with like faith?" And I said, "I will." And instantly, God delivered me in 19 years of smoking cigarettes and never smoked again. And uh and God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. if you have any strongholds, he he's more than able to deliver you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, and uh uh and I hit a spot, I like to say, where it's like uh uh probably one of the harder spots in life where you go go years of just going through the motions of living a Christian life, of not really knowing what life's about, just going to church, doing my duties. I might go once or twice a month, never know Wednesdays. Not that I really remember going. I might have went one here and there for all the years I ever went to church, but you know, it was tooth and nail to get to them when I did come to church. But so uh when I was just going through the motions, uh you know, Brother Brandham said, "Sometimes God will lay us on our back to see where our great blessings come from." And one night I had a a crazy pain hit me and uh they wound we wound up, you know, I won't forget my wife. We're sitting there and I'm like, uh, I'm going through it and she's like, you know, she's wanting to take me in and I'm like, no. I said I I go downstairs. I'm I'm going through it. I'm getting away from her. She comes down there. She's all got her clothes on like, "We're going to the hospital." I said, "No." I said, "What do you think the Cowboys did?" She said, "They died. [laughter] I won't ever forget that." But I'm like, I'm sitting down there after she stomped back out there mad at me, you know. I'm like, "She could be right." You know, and so they all wound up going and I went to there and he's like, "Man, that sounds like a dissection." And I'm like, I didn't know what that was. And he starts going on telling me, you know, then I get on a Google and then you start sweating bullets. Is is this what it really is? Then they wind up saying, "Yep, it is. Now we're going to have to get So then they am me. Then they lifelight me. Then they get me in there. And when they get me off the lifellight, you ain't never seen so many doctors in your life saying, "Hey, Mr. Richmond, you're high priority here." Aort dissection is the main artery on on the bottom of my heart ruptured. And so the doctor explained it to me this way. It's like a twoly tire and uh that uh outer inner wall is your strongest wall and that inner wall ruptured on me and that outer wall and so all that pain I was going through was that rupture was all that blood swelling in my thing. And if you get to looking on uh it was a type B. So when I when they end up getting me in there, they're prepping me for open heart surgery is what they got me there for. And they end up going, he said, "We got to run another test on you, you know, and we got prayer warriors around the world praying for me at this point already." And uh you know I'm reading all this stuff and like 70 80% of the people he can tell you he he's in the medical field but 70 80% people die on the way to the hospital with what happened to me. And so I'm sitting in there and he's sitting there uh they they're telling me all this and that and give me this teddy bear that I'm going to have to hold and explaining all this stuff to me. And he winds up coming back and tells me he said there won't be no surgery. He he said it's it wound up being [music] a type B. And I said type B? He said yeah. He said it's more gastrial than than going into the front. And he goes on to commence to tell me awesome stuff. My dad and him were in there and he starts telling me that uh he asked me what I did for a living. I told him construction. He said, "You won't be able to do that anymore." He asked me what I do for fun. I said, "Lift weights and and hunt and stuff." He said, "You won't be able to do that anymore." He starts just literally stripping my life little by little. You know, he's taking away everything I do. You know, even my mind, I started going to thinking about like splitting firewood to burn wood in the winter time when it gets real cold. I burn a little wood. I started thinking I won't even be able to do this no more. He starts telling me I won't be able to lift but five pounds. This is what he's telling me. And I'm like I'm He's stripping my life. I said, 'Well, I said, 'Why don't we go in there and fix it? He said, uh uh the surgery on the type B is more complicated. The risk of me dying during surgery. Uh they they'll they'll keep me on aggressive medication the rest of my life. And so they won't go in there and fix it. And I'm like, so anyway, I start going into this dark spot, man. I just I I tell my this was the day before Thanksgiving uh four years ago. So, we're right now fixing to come up to Thanksgiving. That's how close we are. And I it's ironic where you're here. I got to where I was sharing every year. I called it a Thanksgiving testimony because I'm thankful to be alive. You know, I'm grateful to God. And uh and before it's all over, you know, I can tell you my greatest trial became my greatest blessing, you know, and and and and God was able to break that little leg, you know, like the little sheep that that shepherd, break that lamb's leg and uh and nurture it and take care of it. And you know, that's what he's done to me. And and you know, and that's why I just want to urge y'all to just, you know, if you're ever on the fence or have something, I just want to encourage you to sell out to Christ. [music] sell out whatever is hindering you and just give it all to Jesus Christ and break down to him and be talk to him like lip to ear like he's right there with you because he is and he's there to listen and hear you and just be real with him. If you're mad at him, tell him you're mad at him. If you're hurting, tell him you're hurting. Tell him your hurts. Tell him your pains &gt;&gt; and just be real with him and he'll be real with you. And uh and so uh you know I actually got to thinking I got in such a dark spot I thought well I might as well get out of here and like I said I'm just an energetic type person and I thought my life's over. I might as well get out of here and end this you know and like I said my my sister committed suicide and you know and [snorts] I'm thinking about all that that it's going to put my family through and I'm thinking about all the burden that I'm going to put my family through of having to take care of me because I can't do nothing anymore and and I'm like you know this is worse than cancer. I'm just going through, you know, I'm in this pity party right now. And I actually I I told my my wife, I don't want no more visitors. I didn't I wouldn't want nobody. And I laid there and I just stared at the wall, man. Just stared at the wall. And the TV was playing something. The the nurse would be like, "You mean cut it off? I don't care. Whatever you want to do, you know, I'm just miserable right now, man." And then I the one next day, whatever it was, I I told my wife. I was like and I was like I called my buddy, the one I told you that the church that I came to led me to the message, my buddy Joe, I called him up and I'm talking to him and he he's just like, "You got to look, man." He's like, "It's a miracle you didn't die on the way to the hospital." He said, "It's a miracle you didn't have to have surgery." And he said, "God's word says, "By my stripes, you're healed." And it was like Jesus coming there and turned the lights on for me. Quicken that scripture right then to me and it gave me hope. And at that point, I started believing. I'm like, you know, and and God started encouraging my spirit again where I was in that dark tunnel, man. And and I started I started claiming it, you know, and and then the nurses even told my dad, my dad, they was like, "Whatever you do, don't ever quit your medication." They they said, "You'll die if you quit your medication." Start telling me all this. This is They like, "You don't realize how serious this is." They had me like on 13 or 14 medications, man. They had me on all this stuff and and uh you know and so I I come out professing my healing and believing in God, you know, and and I I pinned a piece of prayer call that brother Brandham actually put uh prayed over. I pinned it on me and wore me everywhere I went. I didn't care. I would tell him, you know, he's my healer. And then I finally got to a point that I believed if if I if he's going to heal me, he's already did it. And then then I could share that player call. I actually cut it in half and then shared it and I still got the other half in my wallet. And but uh uh because you know if I could believe that he's already did it, he's already did it. I don't have to wear that. But it encouraged my faith and inspired me, you know, [snorts] and I uh like I said too, that's where I said in here that you know and oh yeah and as I'm laying in a hospital bed about forgot this is how long have I been gone? &gt;&gt; Is that was that clock right? All right. Uh h. Yes. Let me get back on track. Where were we? [laughter] I'm like they're like, "Oh no, here we go. Here's this guy." &gt;&gt; I'm laying there in the hospital bed before I forget. There's many times before this. Uh I had I had had times where uh I had a buddy of mine that was taking this stuff from a gas station and the Lord to uh he actually I was like, "I I'll take this." And uh Lord told me not to. It's just that still small voice like don't do it. You know, I was like, it's just an energy shot. And I took it. Next thing I know, before I known it, it was almost like an addiction, but it was just this stuff you get at a gas station. You know, I minimized it. Next thing I know, now I know why the Holy Spirit told me not to do it because it kind of have addictive traits to it. Next thing I know, I'm taking it all the time. I don't know if it played a role in just disobedience or if it was just time for God to bring me. But anyway, there come a point there where God was like, "Just promise me you won't you [music] won't do it anymore." I was like, "I can't make any promises. I can't vow." He even done that with smoking cigarettes. There was times I'm like, you know, I couldn't I could never promise that I couldn't do it again when I would quit, you know, because I'm afraid what if I fail, you know, I don't want to make a vow and you not keep what I said I'm going to do. But I'm laid there in the hospital bed and I remember promising him, I'll promise you uh I won't be afraid to testify and I won't do anything you don't want me to do anymore. And I feel like looking back that was where I sold out and committed my life to Christ. And it was after that I got out of the hospital, God starts dealing with me, starts uh dealing with me on the sanctification process. And you know, and you know, I heard a story. It's kind of like a glass in a hog pin. You know, if I found this glass in the hog pin, you know, this glass is now it's justified, &gt;&gt; you know, this is my glass, &gt;&gt; you know, but it's dirty and poopy. I wouldn't drink out of this glass. Right. And and you you you start washing it up. He's got drugs out of his life. He's got alcohol out of his life. He's got the cigarettes out of his life. He's got it all the way out of his life. It's completely clean. He sets it aside for service. &gt;&gt; But it's waiting for the master to come fill it and put it in for service. &gt;&gt; And so then he was dealing with me on that sanctific and that's where I believe that's when I right around somewhere simultaneously. I couldn't tell you, but I received the Holy Ghost right around there. and he sent me in action to be able to go out and be sold out to him. And and uh &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Uh that's why, you know, that's why I just encourage you to sell out. You ain't got to go that far because, you know, once we get to a point where we see the baptism of the Holy Ghost, like the prophet taught us, is the new birth. &gt;&gt; I I could have went on for all them years not realizing this. All this time, I still never knew that till now. I look back and say when I when I accepted Jesus Christ that day way back when I told y'all when I was justified there, I was in such awe that I thought that I had got the new birth right there. You know, I thought I was born again then and I had just backslid. But, you know, like I heard it said too many times, people stop [music] at that justification stage, &gt;&gt; you know, and never go on further into the Holy Ghost land. And so, you know, God, that's where the Lord took me. He took me on to a deeper walk. Was predestinated to be filled with the Holy Ghost. And uh [music] and so uh uh you know, God God is uh he's so awesome, you know, and and you know, at this time in my life, you know, I I I before that's why I said it's easy to be half-hazardly going through the motions and get on YouTube or Instagram and scroll for three hours and go read your Bible and try to focus on the Lord for 30 minutes and say, "Oh, I'm going to give the Lord 30 minutes and I'm thinking about everything I looked at all the other three hours." You know, you don't really give him time. And I was like, you know, when I got out of there, I'm going to commit my commit more time to my Lord. And I got rid of the Instagram. I started playing my guitar a little bit. And I ain't no singer. And I can barely play the guitar, but I was doing it and just doing it. And God started dealing with me as being courageous, you know, like he told Joshua there, you know, uh, fear not, be thou courageous, be strong, be of good courage. God started dealing with me on just being courageous for the Lord. What good is it if somebody can get up here, this gifted singer that can s get up here and sing their heart out. Praise God for them gifts. Praise God for the for the singing. It it's beautiful. But what if you could get up here and you can't sing and you get up here and you try to pioneer the way for the children, for the kids to say, "Hey, look, he could do it. He wasn't that good." He did it though. Praise be to God. And so that's what God was leading me to do. That's why I said for fighting for the Lord. He He allowed me to do that and make a if we're going to be what he say. If we going to be somebody's fool, I want to be a fool for Christ, you know, so we can make oursel a fool for Christ, you know. And and so I got up there and I'm over the top. So, I sung an all original song I wrote. And then I sung Amazing Grace on top of it. Bless their hearts. They [laughter] they out there, boy, they going through it, son. They wanted some earplugs probably. But I'm like, Peter, you know, Zealous one going cut their ear off, you know, going be fired up. It's firing my bones, you know. &gt;&gt; But, uh, when I was in when I was in the hospital, uh, there was a doctor that came in there. He actually came in there on his like lunch break. He was sitting there. He was like he said, "Let me ask you something." He's like, he said, "Uh, you, uh, you ever been tested for your, uh, breathing this and that?" And I'm like, "No." He's like, he's like, "Uh, he he come in there." He's like, "So, you like elk hunting?" He started talking hunting with me and stuff. And he's like, he said he said, "Well, I'd like to encourage you." He said, he started telling me all these symptoms and stuff and I was like, "Yeah, man. I know I've been struggling." He's like, "Yeah, man." He said, "I'd go get checked for sleep apnnea, you know, and this and that." And I'm sitting at home and when I'm sitting there at my table and I was actually eating some soup and uh listening to a message or something and I just started thinking I'm like, man, I was having all these sleeping problems, man. And I'm like, you know, uh I guess I need to get checked out for sleep apnea. And and the Lord just ministered to my heart, "Will you believe the same God that heal you aortica heal you of sleep apnnea?" I do. And by God's grace, God healed me of sleep apnnea. and and and you know uh uh it just uh changed my sleep and he he gave me back my oxygen be to help me breathe man my my heart rate they'll tell you when I was on the way to the hospital my heart rate was 38 we was up in the mountains before that I had another whole testimony but my heart rate was like 38 and my oxygen levels were dropping down in like the low 80s maybe upper 70s I don't know something crazy and so that's why he was telling me all that and so for God to heal me and give me my rest back you know it was like God, what what he was doing was inspiring my faith. And you know, me and my me and my father-in-law was over here and uh uh we was working on a bush hog getting ready to get it hooked up and next thing I know the bush hog falls on my foot, crushes my foot in and it was all I look down all caved in and I'm I'm at this awkward angle and I tell my father-in-law, I'm like, "Go get a handyman jack." I'm yelling at him and then he he's doing something. I said, "Grab that board there." Now here he goes and grab here. He tweaks his back, you know, right? Then I'm like, "Oh no." I'm like, "Give me another board right there." And it was such an awkward angle I had to grab it like this. I couldn't get two hands on it. And I say it was just an angel. It was like a 4,000lb bush hog. Just enough that I got my foot out and fell over on the ground. And when I fell over on the ground, I looked down my boot. My boot was all caved in. I was like, "Oh my gosh." I I I thought it was just over. And then this peace came over me and I stood up and the Lord just gave me that scripture. Paul shook off that serpent. You know, no deadly thing going to harm us. So, I walked it off and I went over and prayed with my father and I went home and I looked down, my foot was all black and blue. I'm like, he didn't say he didn't leave no bite marks. [laughter] [snorts] And I'm like, you know what? I I I go back and I'm bush hoging and then the Lord just ministered to my heart, man, that I'm a very present help in a time of need. &gt;&gt; And he was encouraging my he was encouraging my walk because I was going to need these things. And as God started dealing with me and and started encouraging me and inspiring me, you know, I believe if my God is my healer, my deliverer, I'm going to be completely medication free, you know, and I had a buddy of mine that was going through it, you know, and he ends up telling me that uh and God was doing all these things like brother Ron, he called me out in a prayer line and, you know, just inspiring my faith to keep me pressing the mark, you know, and and uh and and uh you know, I had a buddy that he he ends up confessing to me that he'd been struggling with meth all these years and and this and that. And then I'm like, you know, I said, and I knew he needs a I know he needs a new birth experience. He needs a he needs an experience from the Lord. And I'm like, I said, well, I know what we can do. We can create an environment where the Lord feels welcome to come. I said, we can fast. We can pray just me and you and just we can have church where two or three are gathered in the midst he would be. And he was he agreed to it. And we we was setting up a time and the next thing you know he bails on me, you know, and and then uh uh uh we was coming down to it and the Lord started dealing with me and my wife and son were actually leaving at this time and it just wound up being perfect and the Lord said, "Well, what about me and you?" I said, "All right, let's go." You know, and so next thing I know, I quit my medication. I'm fasting. I'm praying. I'm I'm watching some I'm checking my blood pressure, you know. I'm checking my blood pressure just through the roof. I'm like, "Lord have mercy." You know, I'm like, you know, I got &gt;&gt; Sorry about that. Let me get a drink here. So, uh uh where was I just at? Uh oh. Yeah. I'm checking my blood pressure and I'm going through it like Lord have mercy. You know, it's through the roof, you know. And uh the Lord was just encouraged me. There was something I must do. Like Peter, he had to take that step out on the water. He had to take that step, you know. [music] And so God was encouraging me. And uh and I was checking it again. And the preacher I was listening to, it was actually Paul Leontaine. And he was saying he got to saying something. He said, uh uh he said uh there's no retreat in God's army. We're only pressing forward. And I think he was reading a quote off of [music] Brother Brandham. And I was like, that's right. You know, so it encouraged my spirit. And uh I keep on going. The next morning I woke up and I checked my blood pressure. I expected it was just going to be perfect. You know, the next day I checked it through the roof again. I'm like, "Oh my gosh." And that same piece I'm talking about came over me. And I was like, "Far as I'm concerned, you're lying to me." And I went in there and put it in the cabinet and I said I said, "The uh the Lord said, "I'm the Lord thy God that heals all thy diseases, and by my stripes you are healed." And I heard that same spirit speak to me. It said, "It's not every day you can risk dying by taking me at my word, but man shall not live by bread alone, but every word that proceeded out of mouth of God." And I realized at that point I was living, breathing, walking, talking by God's word. And so, you know, that's why I know the manifestation of his word in my life that he's a healer. He's a deliverer. He's a savior. He He's He's a restorer of all things. He'll fill you with the Holy Ghost. He'll do exactly what he said he would do. And his word won't return void unto him. Whatever you have need of, just draw on him. &gt;&gt; And so, so, so that's why I'm here just to testify and witness of the resurrection power. That's what I'm telling you here tonight. [snorts] And so uh uh as God uh started dealing with me, you know, and uh I actually went up the next day and went up there. Brad could testify on that and he'll tell you probably tomorrow. But when [music] I went up and got to pray for I don't know if you ever remember too. Do you remember me like stinking? Oh man, I don't know if anybody knowed that, but I ain't never said that. But man, I remember just stinking because I guess the medications coming out of my body and and I was like that's almost like death, ain't it? like, [laughter] "Dude, what in the world?" And uh he he ends up telling me later on that he was like, "Lord," he was like, "Don't do it." You know, he didn't want me to quit my medication. [snorts] But uh so I'm up there and uh uh I go I'm up in the mountains. Oh yeah. And so by God's grace, at this point uh I'm over three years medication free. I've outlifted all the records I have. They told me I wouldn't be doing no elk hunting, no nothing. I've went solo two years in a row, solo to Colorado, elk hunting up in the mountains. And uh you know, God, he came and visited me last year. I was up there in the mountains and and [music] I was up there and I can't explain it to you. I'll do the best I can though [laughter] here. But I was up there in the mountains and I heard this loud pow. And it was so loud I cannot explain it. It was right here. And I mean, I was like in shock and just looking around and it was just stillness. There was nothing. It was the loudest sound. And I'm just sitting there like in awe. And I'm [music] thinking uh I just thought I told Tammy later on I said must have been angels fighting or something right there. It was the loudest pow I'd ever heard in my life. And and and [music] then so the next day or something, I'm going up the mountains and I began to just cry out to God. I'm crying and I'm getting a little ahead of myself and rushing to my story. But you know, when I say the very present help in a time of need, after I quit my medication, me and a buddy of mine, we was working. We was we was doing this airplane hanger door down here hanging this big steel. We're up on these big lifts and I'm lifting stuff when I ain't supposed to be doing all this. I'm doing all this stuff and just pushing the limits because I believed my Lord, my God's my healer. And I would tell the devil, you know, I would just basically live my life. I I lifted my weights. I did everything that they just like I was if I wasn't healed. And so I kept on pressing that and I'm over here working and I I ain't gonna lie to you. I I when we got down, I never showed a thing to my buddy. I'm sitting here in cold sweats. I thought I was going to die. And I I'm coming down and I'm going to the bathroom and I I just feel like I'm going to die. And I get in there and just leaning on the wall just cold sweating. And I just say, "Lord, you said you're a very present help in a time of need." And he gave me comfort, strengthened my body. I went on about the rest of that day just as normal as could be. But he was elevating my faith through that time. And you know, that's why I'm here to tell you that he's a very present help in a time of need. And man shall not live by bread alone, but every word proceed out of mouth of God. And whatever word you have need of, it's in there. It is written. It is written. And so uh and so God was dealing with me up in the mountains because, you know, I I began to cry and brother brother uh uh Daryl Ward one time said, "When when God squeezes on a man's heart, uh uh his eyes are leak." and and I'm going up the mountain and I I began to just cry out to God and I'm crying and and [snorts] I I I'm crying and at this point the reason why I'm crying, y'all don't know how many times because I battled all that year and stuff when I when I'm testifying and believing for my healing. There would be days I couldn't go to work. I would just lay in the floor. I didn't even want my wife to know. I would lay in the floor and hide all the pain that I was going through and how I mean I literally felt like I can't do nothing today. I'm just going to die. And so I would just go through it. But, and you know, I would never say anything negative. I was never letting my testimony be negative. And so, here I am up in the mountains and I'm just going through it like used to. I could run these mountains and run these roads and I could go and out run them. I'll be the last man getting it. And and now here I am. I'm I'm walking doing things and just gassing like, and this is where I'm crying out to God like, Lord, I don't feel like I'm healed. I have not felt like I've been healed, but your word says it. And I'm crying out to God. And I'm crying out to God. and and and I come home that night and I'm sitting up there and I had some downloaded things in my offline thing of brother Brandham and I'm sitting there and I'm listening to uh uh I for forgot which one it was now but uh faith is a substance and I'm listening to that and I'm eating my food and stuff and I'm and you know how the words come on there on some of them YouTube movies uh that just brother Brandham's words but I'm reading it and I'm listening to him and it's like I'm watching a movie I'm into this and He starts telling the John Ryan story and telling uh some of the different ones and this woman was like she was like she didn't realize like days later she got her healing went back looking for the whatever it was that fell off of her or something, you know. Anyway, so I'm going up the mountain the next day and I'm going up the mountain and and uh Lord just told me to uh start writing like I take little notes on my phone, write the types that I was and I say and why I was like, "Yeah, you know, you type it out." And so I started typing out. He's like I'm like Peter. I had to take that first step, you know. I was a I was the woman with a blood issue, you know. Uh I just started, you know, naming them Legion, you know, I was naming all these ones. And then I remember saying uh like Jacob wrestle I was and then I said I was like well well Lord how could I wrestle you for my blessing? Then I start but but I'm over here wanting to get my bull that I had an opportunity had the first day and I blew my opportunity to get my bull up and I I'm like what can I do to get my blessing Lord? And uh so anyway, needless to say, uh I'm writing that down. And so the next day, I just paraphrase. You know, time goes on. It's hard to get all the details. I'm sure I don't have to give y'all every detail, but I'm really good at the story time, Tommy. But uh so uh as uh I'm going up today, this day, the spirit of the Lord just hits me, man. I'm coming up. It's dark in the morning. I I just fall down on my knees and I start crying. I pull my gloves. I pull my hat off. And I'm just just crying, basking in his presence right there. And he told me, "I've been wrestling for my blessing these last three years at that time." And that loud pow and I had noticed then he takes me back that loud pow that I heard you know and then I noticed that I had run that mountains the next day like felt I was like man I was feeling good again and and putting two and two together. God had just come up there and gave me a special visitation and [music] touched me, you know, and by God's grace, he completed it. And now I'm a modern day, a modern type of John Ryan, you know, and so now I'm a witness of all them years, even though I didn't feel it. Didn't ask you if you felt it. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; So you believe it. And in spite of everything, you keep believing and keep pressing. Never let your testimony be negative. Footsteps means possession. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You know, and it it's our land. It's given to us. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, you know. And he set me out to be a billboard for the Lord Jesus Christ. He put Jesus in action in me, you know. He don't want just a stuffed shirt, you know. He wants alpha, I mean, become an omega, you know, in us. Jesus Christ said that signs and wonders will follow the believers. Glory to God. You know, my brother-in-law, he's going to share a little testimony here shortly of of his healing. And uh you know uh it it wasn't if it wasn't for this message this you know sitting under this message this vindicated word for our day my faith wouldn't be where it's at. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; You know hearing this kind of preaching you know hearing hearing things like that that simple John Ryan story. He had his healing all along. He's he kept coming to the prayer line go you had it. You know what? Who? Somebody brought it out that he that brother Brandham said that uh he had basically told him the man later on that uh you're almost like tempting the Lord. You know what I'm saying there? &gt;&gt; You remember what it was? &gt;&gt; Well, there was one where he said uh he was almost uh making the Lord frustrated because he came again. He said, "You go on." He and that's when brother Brandham gave him something to do. I was like, "Wow." you know, because it was a simplicity of, you know, taking him at his word. But anyway, &gt;&gt; uh uh you know, it's such a privilege and honor to dine around the master's table. Now, &gt;&gt; we're dining around the truth for our day. This food, man. I mean, what you're hearing though, this faith expressed, man, in reality, it's just right now I I am preaching the Bible to you through action, through my life. &gt;&gt; I know it's been long and drug out. I'm sorry about that. You know, I I got a a little dream I had just a little bit ago. It was a buddy of mine. And I'll tell you, uh my buddy, me and him's been through everything together. And so, in this dream, just just, it's hard for me to tell this story how how it goes or I end up mixing it up and getting the cart before the horse on this one. But in my dream there, here's my buddy. He's on and right before I had this dream before I was going down here going bear hunting this year. He was uh he just had a a motorcycle wreck and and broke his collar bone. and I felt like going to see him. And uh it was a little while back that he said uh that's why I'm how to go into that. Uh a little while back that he said I'm in a cult following a false prophet and all this and that, you know, and we'll go down through there and and and I've always wanted to minister to him again and and just try to share more with him and uh I was like, well, you know, maybe I could just go be a friend to him. And and it didn't open up for me to go pray with him. And then so then I have this dream and in my dream my buddy he's sitting there on the sidewalk. He always dressed he always dressed to the tea. So you know he dressed real nice. He he was on the sidewalk and and he was sitting there and he was like I heard this voice of him saying it was like oh they came up from behind me hit me in the head and he's he's saying all this. It was like he was trying to play on their emotions of like trying to get sympathy like and and he's sitting there and it's like his voice playing in the background was like some background music actually had some background music to it. It was it was kind of weird. And I'm with Tammy and this is where I was like, you know, I want I want to go talk to him. And I drove around again. And it kind of reminded me of wanting to go talk to him the other day, but couldn't go talk to him, right? And there he is. And I go down there and I go down there and talk talk to him. I'm talking to him and and and next thing I know, we're saying something. I can't remember everything, but the next thing I know, I grab him by the face and I say, "Frank," I said, "Just just repent and believe the message." And uh next thing I know his eye went all demonic and crazy looking. And then it's like I stepped back and and then next thing I know he's he had this fearful look in his face. He's like, "I'm falling." He's sitting there just flailing on the ground falling. He he said, "I'm falling." And I I woke up, man. Later on, I was just like, "Man, that was one of them just real dreams, right? It was so real." And and and I tell you that because my buddy here that I'm telling you about, we've been through drugs, women, partying. We some one of my oldest friends, we've been through everything. I was up there and we got in a fight one night. Me and a bunch of them up there got in a fight. His he ends up pulling a gun on me. I end up running at him with the gun. He runs back in the house. I wound up everything hit the fan out there and then I got on my motorcycle and I'm going down the end of the driveway and I hear hear two bullets fly by my head. Wound up going on and then another time after that wound up being up there getting in another big fight and the law gets caught on me. I get a DUI right in his driveway. Later on down in life, time goes on after all this stuff and he gets out of jail, too. And I I'm his uh sponsor, like AA and NA sponsor and and uh uh trying to be there for him, support him. Then he goes to Bible school and this and that, and goes into the se uh cemetery, you know, [laughter] because he was actually believing a little bit of what I had to say about uh serpent seed and stuff. Then he goes, "Nope." And he starts going the other way. Then we had some Bible studies, me and my brother-in-law here. We had Bible studies and we're doing these things and you know, and then God starts, this is where I'm telling you all that to say that all that we went through, we we always used to say me and him was like old married couple. We done been through everything and made it, you know, and now you know what caused the separation. Revela after this dream, the Lord showed me revelation caused the separation. Look at Cain and Cain and Abel. What caused the separation? Yes sir. &gt;&gt; And so what the message can uh justify you or condemn you. This message binds us together in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And then he and then it was like the Lord just ministering to my heart that you know Judas was always a seat of seat of this predition. He was always seated of the devil. You know I don't I hope that's not my birdie. You know but but God was quickening me. The revelation revelation gives you stimulation. Huh? But the revelation of this message of the hour, you know, to me is just so awesome when we when we start seeing, like I said, when we start seeing who we are because we know who he is. Glory to God. We know who we're going because where we came from, you know, back to the future is where I took you today. Walking in the vision with the Lord Jesus Christ. Glory to God. You know, and as God, you know, and we got this great commission that we must live in our lives, you know, brother Madam said, uh, uh, he couldn't heal no one. It was their faith. So we want to inspire your faith tonight. You know, and I was like thinking about this in Joshua here, you know, he says, "And as soon as we had heard these things, uh, our hearts did melt. Neither did there remain any courage in any man because of you. For the Lord your God, he is the God of heaven." And on down he said, "Give me a true token." You know, and and it it got me just all fired up thinking about this. You know, our enemies, these dumb devils, every one of them, you know, that should be cast down the pits of hell, go back to the hell where they belong. We should make their hearts melt within them. Have no more courage when we get out of bed and start praying and be some real Christians, be some real prayer warriors while we're praying on our prayer bones, praying for our brothers and sisters in Christ for Jesus around the world. They know we mean business when we get down on our knees &gt;&gt; because we're a bloodbought son of God and we know who we are. And when we know who we are, we have a checkbook. It's got his name on it. We have no power, but we have the authority through Jesus Christ to do exactly what he did. So I believe when God spoke, "Let there be light." There was light. When we get down on our prayer bones, I believe that there will be action following it because we are believers. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; We don't pray just to be playing church. We ain't just playing church and going through the motions. I believe we are John 14 church in action. You know, he he that John 14:21, he that comm he that he that hath my commandments, he keepeth them. He is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and I will manifest myself to him. I love that. That was so rich. I want to show y'all when he's manifesting himself to you because he loves you. You're his sweet little darling. You're his sweetheart. you know, we're the eleaser uh now ushering in more faith to you that he's just like brother Brandham has taught us all these love secrets. Now we're the manifestation of the maturing of those love secrets. Now we're the bride of Christ in action. And he says here, he said uh Jesus answered and said unto him, if a man love me, he will keep my words and my father will love him and will come unto him and make our uh do with him. So he going to tabernacle our hearts. And to me that is so awesome. You know Jesus wants to make you a billboard. He don't need salesmen out here sales pitching. [music] He needs you to be a billboard like Jesus Christ was hung high up on that cross and by his stripes we were healed. He was wounded for our transgressions. That's right. &gt;&gt; You know and who Christ says free is free indeed. &gt;&gt; And I'm a witness because when you get free in the spirit that's where it takes that you know you know like I was just witnessing to a guy in a prison the other day. He's got he's been in there 20 years and and got life without. And you know, he can be free right now, though. &gt;&gt; You don't have to go out there. You can be more free in Christ Jesus in here, just like any one of us or anybody out there. &gt;&gt; Amen. [snorts] &gt;&gt; You know, and God, you know, like I said, you know, I told you, you know, on or told y'all a while ago, my message is my story. My story is my message. I'm living the manifestation of it. Brother Brandham said in spiritual food in due season, the messenger, the message and the word was exactly the same thing. The prophet, the word, the message, the messenger, the message and the message was the same. Jesus said, "If I do not the works that's written of me, then don't believe me." That is good. Any man and his message is one. That's why my message is Jesus Christ. I'm nothing without him, but I can do all things through him. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. And he said, "And uh but those who believe God's hour that we're living in, these things are hidden food for him." Just think of it. God has so hid them that they look right at it and don't see it. The same way Elijah blinded the Syrian army. The same way that God blinds the unbeliever and the true genuine food from the true genuine food of the child to the believer. you know, man, you know, no matter what your mess might be, God can turn your mess into a message, you know, because he is the same yesterday, today, and forever, you know, and uh, you know, so I'll ask you today, what legacy will you leave behind? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said, "What are you fight? What are you living for? What do you work for? What are you eating for? What are you struggling for to live? What are you living for? To die? &gt;&gt; Are you not fit to live unless you're fit to die? Amen. &gt;&gt; So he's the king of kings and you know one of the stories I love and you know I'll just paraphrase it the king the king story he says you know they they came up through there asking him you know I want I want a cow another one come up here I want a horse you know I want this I want that granted granted another guy came up there like I said I'm just going to paraphrase it I don't know the exact ones but he said I want like a 100,000 acres granted I want bunch of gold granite I want bunch of cattle granite bunch of horses granite And you just name it. Granite. Granite. Granite. Goes on. The guard comes over and ask him. He's like, "Do you know what you just did?" He said, "Yeah." But he's the only one that come through that ask what a king could give. So I tell you today, no matter how big, don't be afraid to ask what a big God can give. He can give anything that you have need of. It's in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [snorts] And you know, I just I just I just encourage you, you know, tonight that you're going to be somebody's billboard. You're going to be a billboard for the devil or billboard for God. &gt;&gt; So I pray, oh God, you Oh God, oh Lord Jesus, that you put the Lord God on display &gt;&gt; and display Christ Jesus in your life. Be a written epistle read to all men, to everyone [music] that you have. And and and just just just fall in love with Jesus more and more. And you know like a buddy minister of mine told me and that's what one thing it just kind of started sparking more in me is he said uh he said when God was calling him to be a minister he said it you know he grew up in the message and this and that and he said but he told the Lord if you're calling me I want to be something real and you know that stuck with me you know and that's where I want to be just something real &gt;&gt; just something a real life change a real life lived &gt;&gt; making the word come alive and and just growing deeper in Christ and and may God bless you. I pray that that that it's a blessing to you. And if you have any need of any prayer tonight before you leave, we'll pray with you because signs and wonders follow the believer. Mark 16 said we would lay hands on the sick and they shall recover and we should cast out devils in his name and we could do all things through Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; And it's there if you would ask what a king could give. &gt;&gt; You know, and whatever y'all want to do after this, we can keep on we can keep on going. We come eight hours to have a good time in the Lord Jesus. We come up here to entertain Jesus Christ and praise [applause] his wonderful name. He's worthy of all of our praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so, &gt;&gt; God bless you. Appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Sing some songs. You want You want to share Troy? Do you want him to share tonight or &gt;&gt; I went a little bit quicker, didn't I? Is that clock right? That ain't right. Yeah,
