################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - (5-7-25) Corinthians, Part 17 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   (5-7-25) Corinthians, Part 17 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5j58rw9cvc
========================================

This was the one I didn't finish a couple weeks ago. Uh, by the grace of God. 1 Corinthians 10:16. Then we'll go to uh 1 Corinthians 11:26. All right. Hallelujah. So, we're looking at communion here tonight. Now, I know we just had it back in April. I think it was April 6 we had it. So, that's the time where we do the natural symbols. Praise God of the bread and the wine. But uh we can have communion with Christ every single day. Did you have it with him this morning? Did you read your Bible this morning? Did you pray? If you didn't, you can do it tonight and then do it tomorrow. Praise God. Get back in the routine. You got to have the habit of staying in the word. Praise God. Hallelujah. Talk to the father. And you can talk to him, of course, all throughout the day. Hallelujah. What a blessing to have fellowship with Jesus. 1 Corinthians 10:36. Now, I want to just look at the the wording here. It's the cup of what? It's the cup of blessing. So, we want to look at the blessing here today. Also want to look at the examination here and the proclamation. So, as I was studying, I was like, "Wow, there's three uh purposes and and benefits here of uh communion, the Lord's supper." And of course, no doubt there's more, but these are just the three I picked up here as I was prepared for the service. Okay, so let's read this together on three. One, two, three. The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ? Now let's go to 1 Corinthians 11:3 or 26, sorry, 26. Now, here's where we get the uh a blessing here by God's grace. So, this is the proclamation, right? So, we have I think I wrote down three here. We have the benefits of communion. We have the examination of communion. And here we have the proclamation or the proclaiming. Communion is a proclaiming of the fellowship. Verse 26, let's read it on three. 1 2 3. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do shu the Lord's death till he come. Let's have one more word of prayer. If you have a need on your heart, let's make an to God. Father God, we come to you with praise and thanksgiving. We brought our bodies into subjection to the Holy Ghost, Lord. Now we feel like praising. Now we feel like worshiping, Lord God. Now we feel like hearing the word of God. Thank you, God, for the future home. We're longing for the future home. All God's children will worship at your throne, Lord. What a promise, Lord. And we just won't hear about you. The Bible says we'll see your face and you'll wipe away all the tears from our eyes. Lord, what a blessing. What a promise. What a consolation. Now, as we're here today, Lord, speak or speak through your word on communion. Lord God, help us to appreciate it more and enjoy the communion we can have each and every day. Lord, you've seen the verses I've felt led to to speak on. So, just inspire me, Lord. And Lord, just let the people's hearts be blessed. And I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. Have your Bibles handy. We're going to look at, as I told you a few weeks ago, we're going to look at uh some of the foreshadowings of communion. I think I found five in the Old Testament. So, uh I do have a few slides here or just visuals. Uh mostly scriptures. I think we're on part 17 if I'm not mistaken. I could be wrong on that, but I think I'm on part 17 on the Corinthians series. Um so, we read our text here. Now, we're finishing up here part six with the headship and the Lord's supper. Maybe next week by God's grace or maybe this Sunday we'll break into the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Return to that since we had a wonderful move of the of the gifts of the Holy Spirit. By God's grace and I know Sister Naomi don't like me to point her out, but she's so humble, but I just want to recognize that a wonderful move of the Holy Spirit. So, God bless our sister. Hallelujah. Look at the gifts. And then, of course, uh the charity is in chapter 13. The whole point of the gifts is to spread the love of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Not to magnify a man, not to magnify a woman, but it's all to magnify the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And then uh he ends the book with resurrections and instructions and greetings. Okay. So, if you have your Bibles, you know, we we we preached through this whole chapter, but I want to just look at three uh points here about communion. We see three purposes of communion. Uh first, we see the benefits. Okay? So uh this is what we read here. The benefit of communion is blessing which means benefit. So this is the cup of benefit which we bless. So we're blessed by the blood which in for us it forgives our sins. The blood of Jesus Christ. But brother tells us and the Bible tells us it's the life of the blood. The life is in the blood. Right? And so the now we know the life of Jesus blood is the holy spirit and that life comes on us. Hallelujah. So one great benefit we have, one blessing from communion is the Holy Spirit freshly anoints us. How many can say amen to that? Hallelujah. We we feel so close to God after communion. Know we wash one another's feet no matter how dirty or they might look or how nice they might look. We wash each other's feet. We humble ourselves. We do what Jesus told us to do. Praise God. And we become servants. Praise God. You know, as I told you, you know, my my son and I, Malachi, have a friend. He's actually the one of the instructors at Taekwondo. And that's the one thing that kept him out of uh uh the Seventh Day Adventist church was that they washed feet. He's like I I could just never humble myself to that. And it was such a humbling thing that he even left the church. Now that's a Peter that's the same idea Peter had like you'll never wash my feet. And it's so sad our friend is so blind. I'm just waiting for a chance to tell him about it by God's grace. Hallelujah. That's what we want. We want an opportunity to tell him. But some people feel like that uh uh they just got so much pride or they think maybe maybe it's the opposite. Maybe they just tear themselves down so much they would never think of anybody uh washing their feet. But Jesus tells us to do it and to let it be done unto us. And he said, "Happy are you if you do these things." So it makes us happy to humble ourselves and be a servant. And it makes us happy to see that we have other people serving us. And the church said, "I'm your servant. You're a servant to me. We all serve one another." Amen. Hallelujah. None none none of us in God's eyes are of greater value. We're all children of God. Now, we know ministers have more responsibility. They'll be but they'll be judged more harshly, too. Hallelujah. So, we all recognize that. But in God's sight, we're all children of God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, there's the blessing. Now, here is the uh of course is the proclamation. So, every time we have the Lord's supper, it's proclaiming his death and his life. Hallelujah. Now, I got to get to that chapter here. I'd like to read it. myself. Okay. Yeah. Verse 26. For often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do shu the Lord's death till they come. It means to announce, to declare. So every time we take the Lord's supper, you're declaring Jesus died. Hallelujah. But church, you know, it's more than that. You know, he rose as well. Hallelujah. He rose, the Bible said, with healing in his wings. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus can heal to the uttermost. He can save to the uttermost. Praise God. He makes known. So we make known the death of Christ or the life of Christ as well. We proclaim publicly, we publish uh the death and life of Christ. Hallelujah. So that's the second. So we get the benefits uh we get the proclamation. And then the one part we really need of course is the examination. That's verse 28. Now I don't have a slide for it because I I just uh realized that as I got here. Uh 28. Let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that his cup. And remember what the Bible says in Corinthians. Don't examine yourself by other people. Don't compare yourself to other people. Compare yourself to Christ. Amen. My brother told me that on the phone a couple No, it was in person a couple months ago. My brother, my younger brother, and he quoted his pastor who pastors over there in Toledo, and he said how comparison is the thief of all joy. So you want to lose your joy, start comparing yourself to some other human being. It'll steal your joy real quick. Like, think, think how I'd lose my joy if I compare myself to Malachi on the piano. Boy, I'd be really in the in the I'd be really low, wouldn't I? I'd really be I' I'd be upset, man. I'd be really discouraged. But I can't compare myself to anybody else. I got to compare myself to Jesus. Hallelujah. Right. So, we So, we want to examine ourselves. So, we have the the the benefits, we have the proclamation of communion, and we have the examination of communion, and it's all important. Hallelujah. It's all a natural part of it, a spiritual part of it. Now, if you have your Bibles, let's go to Genesis 14 here by God's grace. Now, Brother Ram uses this story as a foreshadowing of the rapture and the marriage supper of the lamb. Hallelujah. So, let's go to Genesis 14. Now the verses we'll start at is 17. Now of course in verses 1-6, Abram delivers Lot. And brother Ram uses this to show how we as Holy Ghostfilled believers, we're wise virgins. We should intercede and pray for the foolish virgins or those that are less spiritual than us. Not to exalt ourselves, but to recognize, church, they could recognize. Abraham could recognize, "Wow, I've got an army. My arm is ready to fight. Lot is in a snare. He's he's he's chained up. He's not free, but I'm free and I can do something about it because I'm free. Hallelujah. In other words, if we see a brother or sister chained up, they don't have the victory. Uh they're snared. They're they're they're they're a chain of addiction, we can intercede and pray for them. Praise God. And the Bible said, "Go to them in a spirit of meekness, lest that spirit that's on them gets on you." Hallelujah. So, we see that Abraham has his he's stronger in the faith because remember Lot he he he pitched his tent towards Sodom and then pretty soon he's living in Sodom. Then he's pretty soon then he's in the gate of Sodom as a leader or some type of a judge or maybe a mayor. Brother Ram tries to modernize it for us. Maybe he's the mayor of a city uh given over to homosexuality. What an awful thing that was. And church uh I even heard this thought too. We're never told where where Lot got his wife from. He might have got his wife from Sodom. And then no wonder what happened to her. She hears the cries of her family which would pull on anybody strings whether father or mother and she turns and look backs and loses it. And Jesus said remember that one who turns back to look. Remember that so you don't turn back to your life of sin. Hallelujah. Be glad that God called you out. Praise God. Hallelujah. Yes. So see, he was a more spiritual believer and so he was able to rescue the weaker one or the one who was ens snared and not get ins snared himself. Hallelujah. Now verse 17 is where we pick up though. Now what happens after I think he had 318 soldiers? 318 soldiers defeat I think it was four or five kings. Was it five or was it four? Four or five. Yeah, they're listed there in chapter four uh or 14, but I didn't write them down. It's either four or five. Now verse 17. And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chennom and of the kings that were with him at the valley of Shva, which is the king's dale. Now who meets Abram after this? Melzdc, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine. Sound familiar? Bread and wine. We're looking at foreshadowing of communion. Amen. Hallelujah. If you want if you want a victory with God's power, what do you think God would want to do with you? He'd want to eat bread with you. He'd want to drink wine with you. In other words, he'd want to sit down and fellowship with you. See how important it is for us to fellowship on Sunday or anytime. We should sit down and be together because that's what God would do. Amen. If God was here, what do we want to do? He'd want to eat with us. Praise God. Amen. In fact, that's one of the most personal things you can do in the in the Eastern culture is sit down and share a table with somebody. It's one of the most sacred, loving, uh, most expressive acts you can do to show your love. I we'll make a meal. Let's sit down and break bread together. So, what would God do with his friend? Oh, my Abraham is called the friend of God. And you and I are like Abraham. We stagger not at the promises of God, but we're strong in faith, giving God glory. Hallelujah. Right? Hallelujah. So, what does he do? What is And now Melzdc, some people think he's just a priest. Some people think he was made up. Melzdc was God. God came down. The spirit of God and brother Ram said like a vacuum, he he sucked in all the minerals and all the elements and created himself a a flesh body. Hallelujah. God took the the dust that he created and made a temporary body to dwell in. That was Melchzdc, king of righteousness. Oh, there's only one king of righteousness. It's God Almighty. Hallelujah. King of peace. Hallelujah. The great Melzdc. Now, we know we don't have to sing at the end. Okay, you remind me. Somebody remember, great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. Why don't you pull that one up there? Melzdc. He brings forth bread and wine. And Salem, of course, is Jerusalem, right? It's the short part of Jerusalem. Hallelujah. That's God's place. Uh Mount Zion, right? Zion, Mount Zion, the most beautiful place in the whole earth. Hallelujah. Is Jerusalem. That's right. Hallelujah. And he was the priest of the most high God. So God's invisible. So God came in a flesh body. Now God, the invisible God has a physical priest. Hallelujah. And he blessed him and said, "Blessed be Abraham of the most high." So what does he get after communion? He gets blessed by God. What do you get after communion? You get blessed by God. Hallelujah. And you fought all week to get to communion. You fought just like Abraham fought all those enemies. Hallelujah. You fought just to get free so you could come to the church, have communion, and what does God do? God blesses you because you fought so hard. Hallelujah. Amen. What a blessing. And that's what God would want. God would want to come down, have a meal with you, drink wine, eat bread, and bless you. Think, I mean, think of it. The God of the universe, what would he want to do with us? Eat with us, spend time with us. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. He blessed him and said, "Blessed be Abraham of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth." Remember, God told Abraham, "Your seed will be like the dust." And he said, "It'll be like the stars." See, what's your possession is your saved loved ones. That's your possession in heaven. Hallelujah. And then eventually, of course, you have a mansion there in the future home. We talked we sang about that. You're a possessor of of of these portions of of eternity by God's grace of the future home. And you're a possessor of heaven. And not only that, Brother Chris, you're a possessor of things on the earth as well. Hallelujah. That's right. Yeah. Even even you know the land you possess like the house God led brother Rod to get and the house I got in different lands that is part of your possession. What's that name of that guy uh who wanted more lands? The Joo. No, what was it? Jabz. Yeah, the story of Jabz. He's like Lord increase my land. And that's what God did with Joshua later, too. God increase their land. There's something about that. Now, it doesn't matter how much you have. You just got to be faithful with what God's called you to have. Hallelujah. Be faithful. But there's a reason you have that land. There's a reason that you have a business here, you know, on this side or whatever you have or a job. There's a reason you're a possessor of earth and you're a possessor of heaven. Hallelujah. Doesn't the biatitudes say if you fear God, you inherit the earth. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Praise God, brother Chris, if we can just be meek, which means just lower ourselves and humble ourselves under God. If we can just do that and submit to God, God will give us a portion of the earth. It's amazing. For a thousand years, we'll rule and reign over a portion of earth just because we were meek in the sight of God. Hallelujah. We didn't prideully exalt ourselves against God, but we humbled oursel to the plan of Almighty God. That's what Abraham was. He was a meek person, a meek man, just like Moses was the meakest of all of them in his day. Hallelujah. Verse 20. And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thine hands. So see, every time you get the victory, what was it? God gave you the victory. Church, just tell God who your enemies are and watch God deliver the enemies into your hand. Hallelujah. God allowed Abram to get the battle or the victory over those four cities, right? Those four kings. God gave him the victory. God gave the victory over you of the sins you battled. Hallelujah. God will deliver these into your hand so you can be victorious. Hallelujah. Which one of us are going to brag and say, "Well, it's my strength that got the victory." You know, it was God. God delivered it. God raised our strength. And then remember, he won't give us a battle we can't win. So, it's all set up. So, we get the victory by the grace of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My I can't even get out of the chapter. I thought I'd be flying through here. Oh my. And what did he do? He gave him tithes of everything. Look at that. Verse 20. Once Abraham realized, "Wow, my victory was all given by God. Everything I get, I'm giving 10% to God." Hallelujah. I'm giving tithe of everything I got. And the church said, see, it wasn't a law. Tithes did not start out as the law. The law came through Moses. And yes, tithes were in the law, but we see ties are before the law and Abraham in the law of Moses. And then they're after the law. Paul preaches about it in 1 Corinthians 9. We already preached through that chapter with you. Paul said, "The Lord hath ordained they which preach the gospel should live in the gospel in the same way they did under the Old Testament." That's right. But look what our father of faith does. Our father of faith recognizes every victory I did really wasn't me. It was God. And God's making me a possessor on things on earth. God's making me a possessor of things in heaven. Hallelujah. Oh my goodness. Thank God. Well, I was hoping to raise your faith tonight by God's grace. So, I was I should say I hope the Holy Spirit would raise your faith. Hallelujah. Not me, but I was hoping to get in the spirit so your faith could be raised like last Wednesday night. Verse 21. And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, "Give me thy persons and take the goods of thyself." And Abram said to the king of Sodom, "I have lift up mine hand unto the Lord, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth, that I will not take from a thread even to a shoe lash latchet." Now, think about that. Think about a thread, church. I just found a thread on the church floor this morning or this evening. A red thread. Abraham said, "I'm not going to take a thread from you or a shoe latch or a shoe." He's trying to He kind of trying to give him some extra blessings to be on his side. All right. But look what he says. He says, "Lest thou," he says, "But I will not take anything that is thine, lest thou should have say, I've made Abram rich." So, he wanted all the glory to go to God. Look at Abraham. What a man. And of course, of course, I know he's not Abraham yet. Save only that which the young men have eaten and the portion of the men which went with me. Anor, Escall, and Mamray. Let them take their portion. And the church said, so what do we see in here? Do we see a proclamation? Yes. God is proclaiming his greatness through Abraham. Do we see an examination? Yes. Abraham's examining himself. I'll give tithe of all. Do we see a benefit in Genesis 14? Yes. Possessor of heaven and earth. Oh, church. Hallelujah. God is so good to us. Amen. Now, here's a Oh, now here's a little quote. Now, this is for mainly for brother Chris, a new believer here, and maybe the children. So, children, if you can watch up here, now we're going to talk about the three bodies here just briefly. There's three bodies you have. There's the physical body. There's a theophony in heaven, which is like an angel body. Then there's the glorified body which is this body combined with all of them. This body's made new. This body is made eternal. So there's three bodies you have. Okay. Theophony is also called a celestial body in the Bible in the King James. Right? And the King James calls a glorified and glorified. Right? The King James calls this one a terrestrial. So you have celestial, terrestrial, and you have glorified. Now brother says this in 1965. He said, "Now we see the attribute sons of his spirit have not yet entered into the word form body." Now he's talking about theophony. A word form is theophony. It's a word body. But a theophony, this body is subject to the word and the earnest waiting for the earnest, the change of the body. Now the difference between you and Jesus as a son. See, he was at the beginning the word and a morphe body. So other words, Jesus was the logos or the pillar of fire or the first visible image of the holy spirit before he came in flesh. Okay? He came and lived in that in the person of Melzdc. So think about this church. The pillar of fire came down and pulled all this uh all these elements on him from the periodic table and became Melzdc. The pillar of fire. But then what happened when he left? Brother Ram said God dropped all those elements and that pillar of fire went back up to heaven. Okay, everybody got that? So Mckazac's body was physical body was just there for the whatever time God was with Abraham and that was it. That's right. Then later we never heard no more of Melzdc because he became Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Melazdc was the priest but he became Jesus Christ. Now you bypass that. Now I'm going to show you a picture in just a moment because in that form he knowed all things and you've never been able to know that yet. I'll just skip ahead. Okay. Not past that. Okay. So, Jesus came this way. Thought. So, first Jesus was a thought of God. We were thoughts of God. I'm talking about the body of Jesus. Now, the body, not the spirit. The spirit of Jesus always was. But Jesus was the thought as far as God thought, I'm going to have a son. Then Jesus became the theophony, the word body, which is also the Holy Ghost, the pillar of fire. The word body put on flesh and become Melzdc. But see, we skip this. We have a theophony, but we've never entered into it yet. We skipped this and came right to the flesh sin body. But now Jesus went from thought theophony to flesh body, the word. Now he had a word body. We have a sin body. Major difference. And the church said, in other words, whenever Jesus was tempted by sin, he always overcame because his nature was to go back to the word nature. But because he had a word nature, but we have a sin nature. When we're tempted, if we're not careful, what do we what do we always go to? The sin nature sometimes. Not always, but sometimes. Before we were Christians, we always went to the sin nature. Because we have a sin nature. But Jesus, the Bible said, was the word made what? Word made flesh. So the flesh became word. He is his flesh had a word nature. That's why that's why he could turn down Satan at every one of his tricks. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why every time Satan gave him a temptation, he said, "It's written. It's written. It's written." Then he said, "Get behind me, Satan." Church, you can do the same tonight. Even though you got a sin nature, you've got a word nature in your soul. Hallelujah. Amen. You've got a word nature in your soul. And you can say, "It's written, Satan." And you can cast him down. Brother Ram said Jesus proved right there at the temptation of Satan that a Christian can defeat Satan anytime, any place, anywhere. And you don't have to use a gift. You just have to use the word. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Hallelujah. Amen. So Jesus was theophony. In other words, the logos, the pillar of fire. Proverbs 8 writes beautifully about that. And if you haven't read that lately, the Bible said, "I wisdom was with the father and I was his delight before the foundation of the world." He said, uh, the Bible says something like praising God before the foundation of the world. Before there was a world, the visible pillar of fire was dancing before the father. The son was dancing before the father. That's in Proverbs chapter 8. I preached it to you two years ago. I was hoping somebody would say, "Amen." You don't have to if you don't remember, but it's in the Bible. Hallelujah. I could preach it tonight. So he Jesus went from thought theophony flesh word body to the glorified body after the resurrection. Remember uh John 7 said the reason you couldn't receive the Holy Ghost before Jesus's uh time was because Jesus was not yet glorified, right? So glorified body. So we go from thought, the Bible said we're chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. We skip our theophony, but our theophony is waiting in heaven. Paul says it in 2 Corinthians chapter 5, right? If we're absent from this body, we're present with the Lord. If this earthly house beat us off, we have a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. Somebody ought to be happy about that tonight. Praise God. If this body fails, if anything fails here and we leave this body, we've got a better home that we go to. Hallelujah. To live eternally. Praise God. It's called a theophony or word body or it's a celestial body. And so then we go from step two, then we go to theophony. If we die, uh if we're alive, and then we go to glorified. But if we get raptured, if we don't die, we go from thought to flesh to glorified. And the theophony will come down and meet us in the air. That's right, church. Hallelujah. Because death gets swallowed up in life. 1 Corinthians 15. And then our three bodies come together. Now, let's just review those for brother Chris especially. Uh this is this should be the easiest one. Terrestrials. It's it's us. We can eat, sleep, and drink. We can touch, feel glorified, and we can feel glorified body. With this body, you could they could have felt Jesus's glorified body. They did. He said, "Touch my hands." He He told Thomas, "Put your put your hands in my in the holes in my in my hands. Put your hand in my side." So this body, this body can touch glorified bodies. This is a flesh body of corruption under the curse of death. Sin nature is in the members. Now here's a theophony. Here's what people go to that are dead. Like St. Paul's in this right now. Martin Luther's in this. Brother Bram's in a theophony right now. Angley's in a theophony right now. It's eternal. It's a spirit-like angel-like body. It's waiting in heaven when it's unoccupied. So ours are waiting for us like a house is waiting to get moved into. Oh my. Hallelujah. I can't wait to move into that. Well, I can't wait to move into it for one reason. But when it's my time, then I can't wait to get to it. You understand what I'm saying? I don't want to leave my family before his time. Now, the theophony can touch other theophies because angels can wrestle, right? And brother Ran went over there and he was hugging people and that theophony remember he was hugging and uh and they can even see they can either hug hug v humans in visions. The theophony does not sleep, eat or drink. And then the glorified body. So Jesus raised in a glorified body. It can be touched by flesh bodies. It's not a spirit body. It's a glorified eternal flesh body. It can eat food and drink because Jesus said, "Give me some fish." But it's needed for the wedding supper, the the marriage supper of the lamb. It's needed for the millennium, and it's needed for the future home, the new city, New Jerusalem. All right. Now, let me finish this quote. You and I come like Adam. We come from the attribute to flesh to be tempted. We come from thought to flesh to be tempted. When this this life is finished here, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we haven't already waiting. That's where we go. That is the word. Then we can look back and see what we've done. Now, we don't understand it. We've never become the word or the theophony. We've just become the flesh man, not the word or the theophony. But, and look clearly, it makes clear you will never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. Oh, hallelujah. That proves the predestination of God. See, you can't be the word unless you're a thought. And you had to be in God's thinking first. Hallelujah. How do you know you're in God's thinking? Because what Jesus says, you obey. Hallelujah. All that love me do what? Keep my commands. Amen. So friends, that's what you do with all your heart. Strive. Fight the good fight of faith. As I was saying on Sunday, fight as hard as you can to obey the commands of God. That will prove you were in God's thoughts before the foundation of the world because you're fighting against the powers of hell. You're not giving into the powers of hell. You're fighting against them because greater is he that's in you than he that's in this world. Ah my but you see in order to stand temptation you had to bypass the theophony. You had to come down here in flesh to be tempted by sin. And then if you stand, all the father has given me will come to me and I'll raise them up in the last days. See, you had to be first. Hallelujah. All right. Now, I can see I'm not going to make it very far tonight. I thought, boy, I always think I'm always going to make it faster. Now, go to uh go to Hebrews 7. I want to prove this to you here by God's grace. Hebrews 7:1. Verse one. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being by interpretation king of righteousness, and after that also king of Salem, which is king of peace. Now look at this man. this, you know, people wonder, "Well, what kind of man was he?" Just read the Bible. Just believe what the Bible says. Why don't people just believe what the Bible says? Well, because then they know they got to change their their beliefs and they're going to lose people in their church, but just to be happy with a little church. Praise God. Right? Is this not a popularity contest? It's a contest of your faith is what it is. It's a test of your faith. Hallelujah. Look, look who who is this Melzdic without father. He never had a daddy. Well, only a couple. Well, only one person can fit into that. Triner will say there's only two people that can fit into that. Well, they I'm sorry. Yeah, they say two. Yeah, they'd say the uh they say the father and the spirit are the only two that didn't have a father. I'm sorry. We're not polytheistic here. Hallelujah. We're not tritheistic here. We're monotheistic here. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Amen. Without father, without mother, without descent, neither having beginning of days nor end of life. So, see, the trinitarians, they can't even make this Jesus because they say, uh, Jesus had a a mother. It was mother Mary. So, see, they they they don't this can't even be Jesus to a trinitarian because this man had no mother. And Catholics adore the mother of Jesus. Well, they they say uh well, if Jesus uh listened uh to to Mary at at the first miracle, then Jesus will listen to Mary now if you pray to her. What a bunch of lies that is. Hallelujah. Jesus even said, "It's not my time." He even tried to little rebuke her a little bit there by God's grace. And they'll try to make some lies about that. And that has nothing to do with prayer. Nobody prayed to Mary for Jesus to talk to her to change the water to wine. It was just Mary's desire. It was just a mother's desire. And so Jesus honored her. But see how they twist that? That's what the Bible says. They twist the scripture to their own destruction. And now they got prayer beads and and now they pray all these uh uh prayers that repetitious prayers. Vain prayers. That's what pagans do. Vain prayers. But we're real believers. Hallelujah. And we pray to the only one that hears our prayer. That's the mediator, Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. There's only one meter between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Not St. Cecilia, not St. Mary. Hallelujah. Not St. Brandon. But the reality of it is you're saints now. Praise God. Okay. I'm not going to get into Catholic doctrine tonight. Okay. Now, without descent, neither beginning of days. So, this man never had a first day. Jesus' body had a first day. So, see, this is not speaking of the body of Jesus. This is speaking of the spirit of Jesus. Yes. Jesus was fully man, fully divine. So this is speaking of the fully divine part of Jesus, right? Hallelujah. Neither beginning of days nor end of life. Amen. Hallelujah. So this man can never die. Hallelujah. That's right. So the those people that say that, oh Melzdc was a real priest and he died, you're you're rejecting this. You're not a Bible believer. You're a fairy tale teller. Hallelujah. That's right. He says, "But made like unto the son of God abideth a priest continually." Yes. Now consider how great this man was unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils. Now notice it rep mentions twice he paid tithe. Twice. It's very important to pay tithe. The seed of Abraham will pay tithe. Like I've said before, I don't Do I? Oh, I do. It must have been ordained, brother, sister. I've said this before, if God can't get in here, then how is God going to get in here? I can't believe I had this in my pocket today. Praise God. That's right. We stopped the giant eagle. That's right, Caseia. Some people say, "Well, I love God. I love God." But you won't let God in here. Now, look at that. I got all this money and no no money. That's because it's all electronic. But you understand if people won't pay tithe, they won't give God offering, if they won't let God rule their money, and God gave them all that money, and that's God's money. Praise God. How's God going to get in there? They're not going to be born again. That's right. Because they won't even give God access to a little part. This is just a tiny part of your life. What about your thought life up here? But Abraham knew, oh, if I got anything in here, God gave it to me. Amen. Ah, if I've got anything in here, God gave it to me. Hallelujah. Same thing for you and I. Hallelujah. I'm having a good time tonight. How many having a good time? Praise God. Verse five. And verily, truly they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood have a commandment to take ties of the people according to the law, that is of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham. But he whose descent is not counted from them, receive tithe of Abraham, and bless him that had the promises. Amen. That was blessing God. And without all contradiction, the less is blessed of the better. But here men that die receive tithes, but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth. So look, he does receive them there. God does receive your tithes in heaven. See, God records your tithes in heaven. That's right. And as I may say also, Levi also who received tithe paid tithe in Abraham, for he was yet in the loins of his father when Melzdc met him. Church, did you realize that, brother Chris? Did you ever hear this? Levi was the grandson of Abraham. Hallelujah. The Bible says when Abraham when the grandfather paid tithe, his grandson was already paying tithe in Abraham. That gives us two understandings. You were in your grandfather's loins before you came here. At least God knew you were in your grandfather before you even came on the scene. Amen. And then God also then if if if if someone in your So brother, it'd be good to do your uh your DNA. Remember you did. It'd be good to find out which believers were in your family, brother. Check your grandpa, your great-grandpa. I know my grandpa served God. Amen. The Bible said when Abraham paid tithe, Levi was already paying tithe. In other words, God forneew because Abraham honored God, God would bless the next all the generations of his life. Hallelujah. Oh my. And look, Malachi, look, you're the manifestation of it. My grandpa paid it. I pay it. You're paying it. He pays his ties by God's grace. He's not full-time yet, but he'll be he'll be full-time pretty soon. It's a promise. So in other words, in other words, when my grandpa, brother Chris, paid tithe back in the 60s, it was as if Malachi was paying tithe. And what is that? It's God's fornowledge. In other words, God will bless your children and their children and all generations. Hallelujah. Amen. So start that's why all of us should start paying ti if God carries God will bless these next generations. Amen. And it also proves God knew you before you were even here. You were in your grandpa. Hallelujah. So that's what I can tell the little kids. They when they ask me, "Well, where was I before I was born?" In your grandpa. Oh, okay. And then they won't think about all the other questions that go around with that. Till they get about 13 or something like that. 12. But I can at least point them to a Bible verse. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Amen. Look at verse 10. For he was yet in the loins of his father when Melzdc met him. Think about that. Levi was in the loins of Abraham when he met God. Oh church, it's so important for you to meet God. Amen. Hallelujah. If you meet God, there's a good chance your children will meet God and then your grandchildren will meet God. Let's meet God. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm glad I met him. Praise God. I'm glad I met him. So my children can meet him. Hallelujah. And one day my gr grandchildren, no pressure on my children. Hallelujah. Just wait on God for the right one to come around. It's already 8:00. So brother Ram uses this story back to Genesis 14. Brother Ram said the believers like Abraham after we fight the good fight of faith. Who did Abraham meet? Melzdc. Brother Ram says after we fight the good fight of faith, we die, go to heaven. And who do we meet? Jesus, the high priest. And then what does Jesus do? He serves us communion. When we get to heaven, church, after the rapture, one of the main things we're going to do is have communion. And brother Chris, it ain't going to just be us there. Abraham's going to be there. Isaac's going to be there. Jacob is going to be there. Is that right? Think about that. Look, look down the table, Brother Chris. Abraham's down there. What? What? Isaac, Jacob, Brother Brandham. Hallelujah. Oh, the saints. And Jesus is going to feed us bread and pour out wine and we'll have communion because that's what God wants to do with you. God wants to have fellowship with you of all the things God could do. You know, we might think God would want to take us on a tour of the Milky Way, let's say, right? We might want to do that maybe someday. But what does God do when he meets Abraham? He's like, "Sit down. Let's have some bread and wine and let me put a blessing on you." Makes me want to go over here. Now, I prayed for this when I he was younger. But I bless this this I bless my son in the name of Jesus Christ. Possessor of heaven and earth. Hallelujah. That's what that's what Mel Castedc did. I bless you. You're a possessor of heaven and earth. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And I will and you will be delivered of all your enemies. Oh. And the church said, "Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By the king of righteousness and by the the king of Salem, the king of peace." Hallelujah. Oh my. And so we get that. Now, let's go to Matthew. I'm almost done because I realize I'm not going to finish this tonight. I think it's I think it's 25, but let me look it up where he says, "I'll drink it a new." If anybody knows it, that's what that's what I was saying here. Matthew 26. Yes. 26:20. 26:27 And he took the cup and gave thanks and gave it to them, saying, "Drink ye all of it, for this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many, for the remissions of the sins." And the church said, Jesus shed his blood for this awful sinner right here. Amen. Hallelujah. And it's remission. Reit means to send away. Amen. All my sins are away. You ask me why I'm happy, all my sins are gone. Hallelujah. They're sent away. Praise God. That's why he shed his blood. So I can be forgiven. And then I can have children. And then children's children and they'll pay ti. Hallelujah. Because I paid tithe. What a promise. Amen. What a promise. Hallelujah. But look at verse 29. Here's what I was saying, brother Chris. But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of the fruit of the vine till that day when I drink a new with you in my father's kingdom. That's after the rapture. G we meet Jesus in the air. He takes us up to the third heaven. We call it maybe you might call it the seventh dimension. Hallelujah. And then he serves us communion there by the grace of God. Let me find that verse. And that's exactly what Melzdic did. After the battle, Melzdc served him bread and wine, communion. Let me look up that Abraham eat. Uh, it just came to my mind there. Anybody got that verse memorized? Oh, yeah. There it is. Matthew 8:11. There it is. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Hallelujah. And I say unto you, Matthew 8:11, that many shall come from the east and west and shall sit down with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of what? Heaven. We're raptured. We meet Christ in the air at the rapture. He takes us up then for the marriage supper of the lamb. And then in that kingdom, we eat a new and we sit down with Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and all the saints. Hallelujah. What a promise. All because we recognize God as our king. He's our righteousness. He's our peace. We paid ti to him. He gave us the victory. We fought his battles. Church, let's let's think today. What battles does God want you to fight? Sisters, you can fight battles, too. A lot of women in the Bible got victories in battles. Hallelujah. Over lots of different things. Hallelujah. God wants us to fight. He wants to to us to obtain the kingdom. Praise God. Hallelujah. He wants us to pay ti of course. He wants though he wants us to have inner uh I'm sorry. He wants us to have communion with him so that we'll be able to get victory and deliverance from our enemies. Brother Ram said the greatest fear we have is death. Right? Many times a Christian's greatest fear is death. Hallelujah. Church. God wants to give us victory over every fear. God wants to give us victory over every foe that we face. Hallelujah. We must fight the good fight of faith. Oh, what a blessing. Well, let me close with this here. Let's see. Where was I at? Okay, read that. Let me close. It's already 8:05. I don't know if I can get to that one here. So, now you know what I'm gonna probably preaching maybe the next few weeks here. See that? These are all foreshadowings of communion. What was that last one? Yeah, I'm going to close with this one. Okay, go to John 17. I'm closing. Uh, give me five minutes here. I'm set a timer. Five minutes. Don't forget to set your timer, Brother Jesse. Okay. Thank you. John 17. Brother calls this, well, the I'm sorry, all the Bible uh commentators call this Jesus's high priestly prayer. Amen. All right. Verse one. These words spake Jesus and lifted up his eyes to heaven and said, "Now see church, you can do the same thing. When you pray, look up to heaven." You don't have to close your eyes every time. Sometimes when you pray, look up to heaven and say, "God, hear my humble prayer. Jesus did it." If Jesus did it, you can do it. If you fall asleep when you close your eyes, open your eyes. Look up to heaven. Look past the tile. Hallelujah. Look past the drywall. Amen. Look into the unseen. Come on, church. Amen. Faith looks at the unseen. Or just walk outside or come to the church or something like that. Come to church. Stand out there. Look up to heaven. Pray to God. Hallelujah. Says, "Father, the hour's come. Glorify thy son that thy son may also glorify thee. as thou has given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou has given him. And this is life eternal, that they may they might know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent. See, you have to know the invisible and you have to know the visible forms of God. Hallelujah. Because God was manifest in the flesh, not a second person. God was manifest in the flesh. That's right. And now, oh father, glorify thou me with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. That's Proverbs 8, like I said, the visible pillar of fire before the invisible God. Yes, I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world. Thine they were, and thou gavest them me, and they have kept thy word. So, what's a real sign you're a Christian? You keep the word of God. Like I said earlier, that's how you know you're one of God's children. You keep the word. Let other people, they can throw the word down. They could they could talk bad about the Bible, but there's something about you. You can't do that. Praise God. Because you were in the thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. Praise God. You were manifested to obey the word of God. Verse seven. Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou has given me are of thee. For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me, and they have received them, and they have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou did send me." How many believe God sent Jesus? Hallelujah. Look at this. I pray for them. He's praying for his disciples. I pray not for the world, but for them which also thou has given me, for they are thine. Now, there's a difference between us and Jesus. Jesus didn't pray for the world, but we're supposed to pray for the lost because we don't know who's going to be saved. Jesus knew, right? He knew. He knew. Some of you believe, one of you don't. The Bible said he knew from the beginning who Judas was, right? He knew. So he don't have to pray for the world. We have to, brother Chris. Yeah. It was opportunity for grace. Yeah. It was a bishop prick. The Bible called it. That's the opportunity to be a leader. And brother Bram said God gave uh Judas the greatest calling in the Bible to be an apostle or missionary. and he turned it down. Be That's God's love. God's love offers you repentance. God offered it to Cain. God said, "If you just obey, you'll rule over Abel." That's God's love. Good question. Let's give it two class. Hallelujah. That's right, church. He didn't pray for the world. He prayed for all the elect because he knew who they were. We don't. And all mine are thine and thine are mine and I'm glorified in them. See church, let's glorify Christ in our bodies. Verse 11. And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee, holy father. And it ain't no pope. They're looking for a holy father. Now they're deceived. They're going to get a demon-possessed holy father is what they're going to get. But God almighty is the only holy father. That's right. Keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me that they may be one as we are. So see that, brother Chris? God keeps us through the name of Jesus Christ. So speak the name of Jesus Christ. Right, Malachi? Right, young young girls? That's how you're kept. Speak the word. We're kept through the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Call on Jesus. Call the name of Jesus before you start your car. Right, brother? That's a good man right there. That's a good man. He calls on Jesus before he starts. That's a godly man. Hallelujah. Amen, brother. See, we're kept through the name of Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. Verse 12. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me, I kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of predition. There's Judas is scared. That the scripture might be fulfilled. There's my five minutes. Mineh. Yeah. If I'm And now come I to thee, and these things I speak in the world, that they might have joy fulfilled in themselves. I have given them thy word, and the world hath hated them, because they're not the world, even as I am not of the world. I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but thou shouldest keep them from the evil. See, sometimes that that's why suicide is a sin because you want to escape all the pain. But Jesus is like, I'm not praying to take them out. I'm praying that they'll overcome with the word. Hallelujah. Suicide is the easy way out. It's a sin. Now, it's not the unpardonable sin, but Jesus is saying, "You don't need to get out. You just need more of me." Glory. Now, they are not of the world, even as I am not the world. Verse 17. So, see church, you're in the world, but you're not of the world. Verse 17. Sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. And as thou has sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. and for their sakes I sanctify myself that they also might be sanctified through the truth. Now church, listen. You are in verse 20. Everybody say, "I'm in 20." Ready? I'm in 20. Jesus not only prayed for his apostles, he prayed for you. And church, remember who else did he pray for? Who was going to quit? Peter. But Jesus said, "But I prayed for you that your faith doesn't fail." Hallelujah. Amen. Not only did your mom or daddy or grandma or grandpa pray for you, but Jesus, hallelujah, the high priest of heaven prayed for you. And you know God's going to hear his prayer. Hallelujah. Oh, thank God. He just didn't pray for others. He prayed for you in verse 20. Me. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. We're believing on Christ through the word of the apostles. Right now, church, you're believing through John's word. If you read the book of John, you're believing through John's word. You're the answer to Jesus's prayer. Amen. Hallelujah. I hope somebody's happy here tonight. Praise God. Verse 22. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. I'm almost done. I in them and thou in me. See, Christ has to be in you. It's I in them. That they may be made perfect and one that the world may know that thou has sent me and hast loved them and hast loved me. See, church, you need Christ in you so you know Christ loves you. If you've got Christ in you, you know he loves you. Praise God. You know why I like Abraham? Because he has mercy on you when you don't deserve it. You lie. You make mistakes. Yet you still get blessed. Now, you're going to get spanked and you're going to get corrected, but you're also going to get blessed still because you're a possessor of heaven and earth. Verse 24, this is my last verse. Father, I will that they also whom thou has given me be with me where I am, that they may behold my glory, which thou has given me, for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world." Brother Brandham says this, you've heard me read it before, but if you haven't, now you get to hear it. Brother Ram said, Jesus asked only for one thing in his prayer to the father. He says, you know what it was? one thing. After all of his sacrifice and all he did here on earth, the life that he lived, the path that he walked, he asked for one thing, that where I am, there they may be also. In other words, Jesus said, "I just want one thing. I want those that believe in me to be with me." He asked for our fellowship. That's the only thing he asked the father in the prayer. Your companionship forever. Hallelujah. That's all he asked for. Now, if you could talk to God, what would you ask for? Don't say it out loud. I'm good. But what would Jesus ask for? He just said, "Could I have communion with brother Rod? Could I have communion with brother Chris tonight?" That's all he would ask for. You know, you know why? Because he knew everything else was going to be taken care of. I just want to spend time with my children. That's the only thing he asked for was communion. He serves the bread and wine. He wants to spend time with us. He wants to talk to us. He even wants his glory to be manifested through us. And church, you know, he also wants to receive our worship. How many want to worship Jesus tonight? Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Hallelujah. There was my five minutes. So, I got five extra by God's grace. Little overtime. Oh, how many love the Lord tonight? Praise God. Oh, I just love the word of God. Hallelujah. What a blessing. Thank you, Jesus. Why don't you get that song ready? Such love. And get the one uh about Zion. Also pull up that one. Uh let's play that one. Uh down from his glory. Oh, how I love you. How I adore you, my breath, my son. [Music] Sunshine, my all in all the great creator. [Music] He came my [Music] savior and all God's fullness dwell in. Just keep playing that. Let's have a word of prayer. Father God, we thank you for tonight. Lord, we've heard your word. Lord, it's so awesome to see if you, the God of heaven, would ever come down and fellowship with somebody, what would you want to do? And Lord, you would just want to have communion, Lord God. You would just want to give us some bread and wine and bless us, Lord. What a blessing that we can be in the house of God tonight, Lord God, to hear the blessings of Almighty God. Hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you for these blessings to know that we were chosen in our grandfather's loins and predestined that we would come forth and we would continue the faith walk of Abraham. Lord Jesus, thank you for having communion with us tonight. Lord God, you ask one thing that where I am there they may be also. Thank you for praying for us, Lord God. Because we've heard the word of John tonight, Lord God. We are those who've heard the word. Thank you for praying for me, Lord God. That my faith would not fail as you did with Peter. For there is no not one righteous, Lord God. For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. None seeketh after God. We're all in a lost state, but in your great mercy and grace, you came to save us, Lord God. You came to seek and save us that which was lost. Lord, you came all the way down to Akran, Ohio in 2000 and saved my wretched soul, Lord God. Hallelujah. Partly believe I believe because my grandpa paid ti and offerings, God. Hallelujah. You're faithful to your promises, Lord God. You keep your word. You know all them that will love you. Surely the Lord knoweth them that are his, Lord God. It's the seal of God. That he that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity, and the Lord knoweth them that are his. Oh God, thank you, Lord, that I've known of God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I can't think of anything more wonderful to know, Lord God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I give you glory tonight, Lord Jesus. Let the glory of God anoint us so we can glorify Jesus. Strengthen our faith tonight, Lord. I wasn't preaching on money, Lord. I was just showing God how you give us every victory. You defeat all of our foes and it's a joy to give back to you, Lord God. You make us victorious. You make us possessor of heaven and earth. And all you want to do is have a little talk with us, fellowship with us. How great you are. How awesome you are tonight. You asked for one thing. And God, if we would ask for one thing tonight, Lord, what would we ask for? I trust it would be your fellowship since that's what you asked for. God, help us not to ask for carnal things, Lord God. I know sometimes we need them, Lord God, but help us to ask more for the spiritual things, Lord God. Lord, that we could have communion with you. You would heal the sick. You'd raise the dead, Lord God. You'd cast out devils, God. You'd grant revelation. You give us prophecies. You give us words of knowledge, words of wisdom. Hallelujah. Words of faith. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Oh Lord, we appreciate your fellowship tonight, Lord God. Lord, before we leave this place, may each person express their appreciation. Lord, thank you for praying for me. Now, church, just thank the Lord for praying for you right now. Would you do it? Lord, I thank you for praying for me. If it wasn't for your prayer, I'd be lost. I'd be lost. Satan would have sifted me for sure if it wasn't for the grace of God. Thank you, Lord God. You've kept me through your name. Hallelujah. Jesus kept me through your holy name. Wasn't my power. Wasn't my goodness. It was your grace. Greater is he that was in me than he that's in the world. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We have faith beyond circumstances tonight. We have faith that staggers not at the staggers not Lord, but it gets stronger. Giving you glory. Hallelujah. We give you glory
