################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-02-04 - Understanding Roles & Responsibilities Of Sons Of God In This Hour  Bro Joshua Chetty  02-04-2024 - Joshua Chetty.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-02-04
Title:    Understanding Roles & Responsibilities Of Sons Of God In This Hour | Bro Joshua Chetty | 02-04-2024
Speaker:  Joshua Chetty
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN1lwZN_Lbo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, let the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Let's pray. Father, we thank you tonight that we could be gathered in this fast. Father, we know that we are privileged people. Yes. Thank you, Lord. To know and understand the things that you have revealed to us. Yes. Amen. Jesus. to show us the pattern of your kingdom. Amen. To show us all these great mystery secrets that was laying there, Lord. Yes, Lord. But most of all, Lord, we are thankful for the blood that you shed on Calvary. That made provision for us. Hallelujah. That we could come back to be reconciled back to you, Father. Amen. And Lord, we know that this word that you have given us is taking us back to the original condition. Amen. That we ought to be in. Thank you, Lord. And being seated in this hour in heavenly places, God to be able to exercise the authority that's given to us, oh God. Amen. At one stage, we had amnesia. We didn't realize who we truly were. We didn't realize that we were part of you, Father. Lord, we thank you, oh God, that Lord, you loved us so much. Oh, yes. that 2,000 years ago when Lord you come in your son Jesus walking the earth he didn't shook from his responsibilities Lord because Lord there was a greater plan that had to be fulfilled to bring sons and daughters back to their original condition. Amen. And Lord we thank you Lord that your the mystery of your will has been revealed to us God. Amen. that in this hour sons and daughters are coming to manifestation of God through the through your Holy Ghost being placed in this hour. And Lord, we know that the workings of your Holy Spirit, oh God, Lord, are for a reason. So that the world would know that you are not a god of history, just a god of history, but you are a living God. Amen. Living amongst your people, Lord, and you are a supernatural God. And if your people who are called by your name, who claim this hour to know you, Lord, have to manifest the supernatural. Lord, thank you. We know God in your presence there's fullness of joy. Yes, Lord. In your presence, no demon can stand in your way. Hallelujah. In your presence, oh God. Thank you, Lord. All things are possible. Amen. Amen. So tonight, thank you, Lord. We bring the needs of your children, oh God. Amen. We know that you are able to meet each one at their point of need. Thank you, Lord. For you're not a God disconnected to your children. You're a God that was once became tangible. Amen. So that you can feel the needs of your children, oh God. Yes, Lord. And you are connected with your children, oh God. Therefore, Lord, the scripture says you can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. And tonight, we pray that you'll come and speak to us, oh God, as we prepare hearts to receive your word. Yes, Lord. Remove from us. Amen. All the distractions of this life. Amen. All the cares of this world, every connal thought that will Lord distract us tonight. Let our focus be upon you, Father. You are the author and the finisher of our faith. We've come by faith tonight. And we know that the things that you have in store for us will help us, oh God. And you will sustain us in this hour, Lord. Amen. Yes, Jesus. And we pray that you'll undertake for every need tonight. For every request that went fought, we know that there will be testimonies for your glory, for your honor. Amen. To know that you are God that's living amongst your people, oh God. Yes, Lord. And I pray tonight that you will take full control, have the preeminence in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. I greet you all in the lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to be found in the presence of God. Amen. Amen. Uh we know we all come from uh our daily lives and daily routine which can be tiring to the natural body. But we know that when we come in the presence of God under the anointing under the worship it is a refreshing. Amen. Amen. So we've come to be refreshed. Amen. Amen. So I pray tonight that as we hear the word of God, we will be refreshed in his presence. Amen. Amen. We'll open our Bibles to the book of Luke, reading from chapter 2, the book of Luke, St. Luke, chapter 2, and we'll go to verse 41. In from verse 41, it says, "Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the Passover. And when he was 12 years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. And when they had fulfilled the days as they returned, the child Jesus stayed behind in Jerusalem. And Joseph and his mother knew not of it. But they supposed him to have been in the company went his journey and they sought him among their kins folk and acquaintance. Amen. You can't Amen. look for a son and daughter of God amongst the natural. Amen. When a son of a daughter of God comes to his position, when he come to realization of who he is, Amen. You're not going to find him with his old acquaintance any longer. Amen. So, and when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem seeking him. And it came to pass that after 3 days, they found him in the temple. Amen. That's where sons and daughters of God want to be. Amen. Abiding in the presence of God. Amen. sitting in the midst of the doctors. Amen. Sons of daughters of God's going to confound of wise. Amen. Both hearing them and asking them questions. And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. Amen. And when they saw him, they were amazed. And his mother said unto him, "Son, why hast thou do dealt with us? Behold the father, and I have sought thee thoring." And he said unto them, "How is it that ye sought me? Was ye not that I must be about my father's business?" Amen. Amen. The word is correcting the error. Amen. Yes. The word a son of God now is manifesting or he's speaking about his mandate is in a way he's showing what his mandate is. Yes. Amen. Amen. He's showing what his purpose is. Amen. And that is that is to be about the father's business. Amen. And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them. and he went down with them and came to Nazareth and was subject unto them. So Jesus is showing a pattern of sunship that a son of God is subject to authority. There's a nature there's a characteristics of a son of God. Amen. His characteristics are different. Amen. He didn't come and say I am the son of God and this is what I'm going to do. He's got a nature about him. Amen. He's got a and he's going to be subject unto them. But his mother kept all these things in her heart. And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature. So sons of God must increase in wisdom and stature. Amen. Amen. And in favor with God and man. Amen. So you place on earth for a purpose. Amen. To be in favor of God the father because now you must please God. And you'll also be in favor with man because why you going to be a because you are on the earth is going to benefit man. Amen. Because sons of God on the earth is going to benefit man. Right. Verses 49 again. And he says, "And he said unto them, how is it that you sought me which not that I must be about my father's business?" Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. We just looking for a thought tonight. manifested sunship and we speaking about understanding the roles and responsibilities of sunship as sons of God in this hour. Amen. So we believe that calling ourselves sons of God is one thing but there's roles and responsibilities that comes with it. Amen. And a lot of people like titles. Yes. A lot of people like comes with the title. A lot of people like benefits of the title. Yes. But when it comes to roles and responsibilities, lots of people don't want to take those responsibilities. Lots of people like to shook from their responsibilities. Some people become thoughtful in their responsibilities. Amen. That's why we know we reminded there in Matthew 25 of talents that Jesus gave. Yes, we know the problem of God teaches us Adam he lost he was dispossessed of his inheritance and what what can cause that by becoming slotful you turn away from if you got something that God has given you you become slotful you can be dispossessed of it if I give you something if I give you an inheritance and you are slotful, you don't cultivate it, you don't take care of it, you can be dispossessed of it. For example, if I give you an expensive watch and if you are slotful in just walking around with it, flashing it in a dangerous place, you can be dispossessed of it. Yeah. Amen. So it is roles and responsibilities that comes with it. Amen. Amen. So Jesus, we know he was the pattern of a true son of God. Amen. Amen. But we know that before even he start his ministry, he had to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Luke 33:21-22 says that now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass that Jesus also being baptized and praying, the heaven was open, and the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him. So we know that the Bible doesn't recount of Jesus doing mighty works until he was filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. So we can come we have to come to stages. Amen. We know that Jesus he was the son of God. But he waited for the power of the Holy Spirit to move into his ministry. Amen. Thank you. Amen. So we know through the word it takes us of out of spiritual it takes us out of spiritual amnesia. It shows us our true identity. We identify as sons and daughters of God. But we've got to come into full obedience to the word. Amen. And when you come to full obedience to the word, the prophet God says you are tit entitled to the token. Amen. Amen. And then we know that when you endured with power from on high Yes. Then we find that now you become you know how to you'll be able to operate in father's business cuz that's what we want to do. We want to operate in father's business. Amen. Amen. Once we come to aware of who we truly are and we come under placement because that's what the five-fold ministry come to do which is the working of the Holy Ghost. Amen. He comes to place sons of God into the body. Amen. Amen. And when sons of God are placed in the body, then it needs the Holy Ghost. You need to be enjoyed with power. That means the Holy Ghost will come with power upon you to now make you operate in the body. Amen. Amen. You don't want to just be saying I'm part of the body and you you're now a crippled member of the body or you got stroke, you can't move. You can't do anything. But you need to become an effective member of the body. Amen. Amen. And I I can't say I'm a special part of the body and we don't need the other part. We can just let him to be crippled. No, I need the other part to operate with me because every part of the body is needed. Amen. Every part of the body working together become effective in the kingdom of God because father is now put you on the earth now to display his kingdom. Amen. So we find Jesus being the son of God. He waited for the power of the Holy Spirit to move into his ministry. So we know that sunship without the Holy Spirit is incomplete work. Amen. So in other words, it's like the prodical son. He was a son, right? He took his inheritance, he went and planted it, went into the world. But when he come to the true realization, listen, I've seen the world now. I've seen people's economy and what they've got and all these things. I've seen life. Yes. But the way my father operate is king is business. Yes. My father's house is different. Amen. My father has something that these people don't have. These people were around me when I had money, when I had all his wealth, but as soon as I lost all it, they left me. But my father's house is built on love. He has a foundation of love. All around his house, I feel love. That I know even if I go there and no matter I planted everything, but even if I go there, I can even be a servant. But his father didn't want it. No. But he knew when he goes there and he look at his father coming, he wasn't going to be a servant. Yes. Because he's a son. Amen. Amen. But now when he's got a revelation now of his father's of his of his father's inheritance, when he got a revelation of who his father is and how his father conduct his affairs. Amen. Now he is coming back when his father sees him and his father knows now my son has been in the world. My son has fallen. He's seen the world. But but the fact that my son is coming back now, he has a revelation that he is my son. Amen. That even no matter what condition he was in his fallen condition, he knew that he could come home. Yes. Amen. Amen. And when his father saw the son coming, then father will say, "Now this is my son and he's coming. Now he's been around. He's been tried. He's been tested. He's been through every testing. And now that he's coming back, he's passed the tears because he's coming home now. And he's coming in my direction. He's looking from when's coming his help. And he know that his help coming from me and he's looking upon me. And now I know the son has a revelation of who I am and what I what I have to offer him. And now I can adopt him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. In Luke 4:18, it says, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he had anointed me to preach the gospel." Amen. So, you can't just be going about father's business without being anointed to do it. Amen. Amen. We're not in the age of people building seminaries, building Bible colleges to go preach the gospel. Yes. Amen. Amen. You have to be anointed to preach the gospel of gospel. Amen. You had to be born into the five-fold ministry. Amen. Amen. You don't be thought into the fivefold ministry. You don't be schooled into it. Or somebody call you and say, "Lord, I feel like being an evangelist. I feel like being a pastor. I feel like being a teacher. I feel like being apostle. I feel like being a prophet." Gifts and calling without repentance. You are born with it. Amen. Those are gifts from God. Amen. And he's given it for the body. He's not given it for an individual. He's given it to us for his body. Amen. To what? to bring her to the super church, to bring her to the super race, to make her be that invincible army. Amen. Amen. Amen. Want to read this one quote. I like the way he puts it here. He says, "Before we go any further, go back Genesis 126. I'll pick it up. When God made man, before he made man, he called himself ll Elohim. The word means in the Hebrew the selfexistence. All by himself. Amen. Nothing existed before him. He was all the existence before there ever was selfexistence. One l Elohim means the allsufficient, all powerful, almighty, self-existent one. But in Genesis 2 when he made man, he said, "I am Yahweh, Jehovah." What did it mean? I am the all existence one who has created something of myself to be a son of mine or a temporary amateur little one of mine glory he gave man Jehovah means that he gave man to be an amateur god because he is father God and he made a man an amateur God. So he isn't self-existent anymore. Amen. He exists with his family. Amen. Amen. And no other age did they have a true revelation of that in its fullness like in this age. Amen. When the when there's a full restoration comes in of sunship. Amen. In this age when title deed comes back, what was dispossessed from Adam, title deed that was dispossessed from Adam has now come back. Amen. And he comes back. What it is Jehovah God now existing with his family. And so he had this desire of having a go man to be an amateur god. But that's how the that's how the first Adam operated. We know that, right? Because he says here, so he isn't self-existence anymore. He exists with his family. He said he is Jehovah. Jehovah meaning the one who exists with his family. Now God made man to be the predominant over all the earth. Amen. He didn't make him any lesser than that. Yes. He had dominion. Yes. And the earth was man's dominion. Amen. That's scripture. Then he if that is domain, he was God over the earth. He could speak and it would be so. He could speak this and it would be so. There he is. God Jehovah. The one who the one who once existed in self-existence but now exists with his family and his little ones with him. There you are. Now we know we've seen after the fall of man. We seen that in the types through the Bible through the prophets through the kings and so forth. But only when Jesus comes on the earth you feel the you see the fullness of sunship being manifested. Amen. Then you see a God man. Amen. There you see man operating like God because you you never saw it in his fullness before. But here here comes Jesus on the earth. Now he's showing our man is God. Amen. I'm talking about on the earth. Our man can have dominion. Amen. Amen. And Jesus he he became various things to various people in different situations. Amen. He met people at their point of need in different ways. Amen. To show it that he was different. Amen. He could be all things to all men. So that get to what I was trying to say. For example, he Jesus never used a single single single method in his ministry. For example, for healing. He never just went to everybody and just touched them and they were healed. But he used it and it was he used methods that was needed in that time. Amen. Amen. He ministered in every situation that demonstrate that God operates in many facets. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't believe God just operate one once one in one way. He has many ways of operating. Yes. For example, in Matthew 8:23, it speaks about when Jesus, he made direct contact with the leper, Jesus touched him and we know he was cleansed. Amen. The woman with the issue of blood, she touched him off his garment. Mark 5:27 speaks about that. And she received the healing by touching him. Touching him of his garment, showing that faith made the connection. Amen. Amen. And then we find in John 19 6 and 7 it speaks about Jesus using natural elements. Amen. When there were a blind man, Jesus puts on the ground. Amen. And he makes clay. Now he's showing that you come from the dust of the earth. Amen. Amen. I can take that same dust and create eyes on you. But here he's showing as well. He's also demonstrating something else. from that same dust he's making clay to a blind man. He's showing that he can also create medication because eyes was is a type when God is talking spiritually now into the people that are spiritually blinded. I give you eyes self that you may see. Now eyes self was a form of an ointment that they that he used for people's eyes in the natural. But Jesus is showing contact. By showing this contact, he's showing you different how he's operating in different ways. Amen. So here was something that he used. We can say that Jesus is taking something from the natural elements of the earth. But a supernatural thing is taking place. Amen. Amen. And the spiritual connection to that is th says the buy of me I myself that you may see. Amen. So he's using natural elements and then he also used his word alone. Amen. Amen. He spoke to the storm and he said be still and the storm obeyed him. Amen. But then he met a man who had who was walking in authority. He met a centurion and he watched the character of this man. This man was a man that was positionally placed in authority. Yes. Yes. That is he said he spoke about he spoke to Jesus said if you can just speak the word and my servant will be healed. Amen. Because and Jesus saw the character of his men because he was a man already positioned in authority and he and he conducted his affairs and operated his life with that authority. He wasn't slaughterful in his ways. Amen. This wasn't a thoughtful man. Amen. This was a responsible man. Amen. Because he was he was in charge of like about 100 soldiers. And when he operated, when he's speaking to Jesus, he's speaking as one that he knows that when I speak, I'm going to receive what I'm speaking. Yes. Because he knows when he gives a command. Yes. It's the soldiers obey him. Amen. Yes. Amen. So Jesus is showing another character here. So him as Jesus spoke it because of his faith now. And his position at that time he could now receive the spoken word. Amen. Amen. He could receive the miracle for his servant just by Jesus speaking the words. Amen. So position being being sunship has responsibilities. Amen. The Bible said Jesus grew in stature. Amen. So you got to grow in the word. Amen. Only the word can grow you. Amen. And then you got to be fed the right word because the letter kill it but the spirit give it life. Now you've got to receive the word with quickening power. Amen. Amen. Now everybody can take the Bible and read it but there got to be a quickening of that word. It's got to be opened up. Amen. Hallelujah. And it's got to have an effect in your life. That's right. You can't be so you can't be walking in sunship remaining the same. Amen. Yes. You've got to got to be one that's now walking in proper position in authority and know how to conduct father's affairs. That's the responsibility of a son. Amen. Because when when sons come for the adoption ceremony, they only can come there after they have reached maturity, spiritual maturity, after they have proven that they can be trusted. Yes. With father's business. Amen. After they proven that they can take father's affair and now multiply it, can add value to it. Amen. So you find God has to have this trust of his sons. That's why when he speaks in Matthew 25 about the talents. Amen. He's speaking about the kingdom of heaven is a man traveling into a far country who called his own servant and delivered unto them his goods. The master must entrust his people with spiritual gifts. Amen. Amen. Revelation of the word. You can't be receiving revelation of the word upon revelation of the word and that word if it's revelation and you really received it by faith that means when you receive it by faith you are now understanding the word. Amen. So if you understand that word is doing something in you. Amen. Amen. It's stimulating you. Yes. Now, if you're receiving that stored up word, revelation, revelation, revelation, and if it's fermenting in you, can you be the same? Can you walk the same? Come on now. If I take you and I give you strong drink, he's drinking strong wine. That's from well fermented, well fermented wine. You can't walk the same. Amen. You can't be talking the same. Amen. Amen. There must be a change in your work. There must be a change in your nature. Amen. And there must be a boldness that comes upon you. You ever see a drunk man? How you want to in a fight with anybody? There's a boldness that comes upon you. So you can't be partaking of revelation, revelation. And if that word is fermenting you, you can't be the same. Amen. Something's got to take place. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So you find that a lot of people shook from the responsibilities but Jesus gave them the test when he gave them the talents. Amen. I mean when he gave them the talents the test was what would they do with it? Amen. Would it come back normal or is going to add value to it? Amen. Amen. God has called every one of us into this wonderful message. Brought us into the bride, brought us for a purpose. Yes, sir. Amen. Cuz we were called out, brought elected people. Amen. For what? What is the result? That we will manifest him. Amen. Amen. That we may become manifested sons of God. Amen. Amen. He made known unto us the mystery of his will. Yes. Amen. That there must be a manifestation. Amen. Amen. God, that's what's God's desire. He wanted to dwell with his family. He wants to fellowship with his family. Amen. And he wants his family. He wants his son to continue his work. That's why he could give them before he leaves the earth, he gives them John 14:12, greater works than these do. Amen. Yeah. Amen. Isn't it? I need to go because if I don't go, I can't. Then the Holy Ghost can come upon you. But I need to go so the Holy Ghost will come upon you. You'll be endured with power from. Amen. Because I need you to conduct my business. Because why? You need to call on others. Amen. Because why? We need all the people that are my family album. I need them all. Because why? When I'm going to renovate the earth and take you back to Eden again. When I'm thanking you, I'm back to eating again. I want my entire family. I want to have fellowship with everyone I love. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. We don't want to have temporary fellowship. We want to have eternal fellowship with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. This is not a wishy-washy gospel. Amen. Jesus was serious about his business. He said, "Don't you know I'm about my father's business?" Amen. Amen. He was serious in the way. He showed us the pattern. He showed us the example. The Apostle Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." Amen. God set the examples in the Bible. God sent now he's turned our faith back to the fathers. Because why? He had to have an example in this day. Brother Brandham first had to be the example because he can't come with a message to turn our faith back to the fathers if he was not the example in his day. Amen. what he was a son of God manifested in this hour a first sheath wave before us in this age. Amen. That other son of God will come to their place. And then in every season, in every harvest, sons of God must come again. There must be another round of harvest. There must be the first sheep again. Amen. Wave before the people that if sons of God are coming to manifestation, we know that every child is different at the at different levels. That's why I said if your brother is down, don't pick on him. Pick him up. If he stumbles, pick him up. Because why? We are growing at different levels. But if you are there at the first wave, if there's one, there must be another one. And if there's another one, there must be another one. Amen. As long as we still on the earth, sons of God must come forth. Amen. Thou must prophesy again. Revelation 10 8 and 11. You must manifest the word. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Call the names in a family album. Amen. So you find that God has placed us in different things that we do. We become all things to all men. The apostle Paul said, "I become all things to all men." So you meet, you've got to have as a son of God, if you're operating, I can't do something unless the father show me. You've got to be one in oneness with the father. Amen. Amen. You got to be oneness. The Holy Ghost and you must be in one. There must be in harmony. So you know how to operate in Father's kingdom. You meet a certain one at a point of need, you might have to lay hands on the sick and because a sign shall follow them that believe. When they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. You might have a need where the Holy Ghost drops down and makes you speak the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Different things for different needs, but you got to come wonders. You got to walk. You got to walk with him. Amen. Amen. You got to have fellowship with him. Amen. The other quote he says, Now because quote joy he says now here is among his church today made flesh in his church certainly Elohim now or if you could only realize that you men you were way to be a amateur god. You're a son of God. You're an heir of God and you have a domain. Genesis 1:2, you can't you can't be saying you're a son of God who has a kingdom and you have no domain. Amen. He gave him dominion over everything in the earth. That means every creature, every tribe, every tongue, every nation. Amen. Over everything. Over the the natural element, over the sun, over the where you can speak to the storm, where you can speak to weather. Amen. Over everything on the earth, you got dominion over. Amen. and every power and principalities and rulers of darkness must become subject to sons and daughters of God in their full authority. You must subdue all things. Amen. So he gave him dominion over everything in the earth. He made him god over the earth. That's right. He gave it given him gave him a domain is a king god. And where is got his fall? He could speak to the trees be changed be plucked up. We talking about before Adam fell, be plucked up and set over here to the winds and waves. Be still. It stopped. He was a God. He was God, amateur God, a son of God, like you're a son of your father. And all the world is groaning, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God, waiting for the church to get back in its place again. Sons of God to be made manifest, waiting for that hour. Amen. So if this is that that William Brandon spoke of, then what responsibility is there on us? Amen. If this is that that was spoken of that was pro that was spoken of through a prophet, then what responsibilities comes upon us in this hour? Jesus knew until he goes on Calvary, he has to do everything that the father instructs him to do. Everything. And he can't turn away from it. Even when he even when the flesh wanted to in the garden of Gethsemane, he said, "But not my will, Lord, but your will be done." Amen. Amen. Sometimes you're going to go to trials. You're going to go to testings. Yes. But he made us overcomers. Amen. to overcome every demon power, to overcome every onslaught of the enemy, to to overcome every spirit of Leosia that's lurking around because we are called and positioned to be not influenced by the world system. Because we are living in another world. Amen. Our influence come from another world. Amen. We are now set in heavenly places. We are we this is the the hour where the pyramid comes connecting with the headstone. Yes. And it comes in such oneness that there's no you can't see the separation. Amen. Between the stones there's no separation. Amen. The prophet of God when he spoke about the natural pro you can't even put a razor between them. Amen. So you find this is that hour. This is death that was spoken of. Amen. Amen. That's right. He given him a domain. So he said, "Waiting for the hour, hope that don't hurt, but I just had to say the church is so far away from its place." Yes. It needs to be back to be sons of God again. Yes. So he wasn't asking, you see, it wasn't for the purpose of just being churchgoers, satisfying the conscience of coming to church. You got to come back to your original position. Amen. Because he's taking you back to your original condition. Amen. A condition that you fell from. Amen. The word come to restore. There's a full restoration of the word to take you back to what man fell from. Amen. And if the word has brought you back to what you fell from then and then you come under full obedience to the word and then you endured with power from on high, then there must be an operation. Amen. Amen. of Holy Ghost sons and daughters of God. Holy Ghost full sons. Amen. That's what the world need to see today is Holy Ghost full sons. Amen. Amen. Walking around fermented with this wine that they will be enjoying. Fermented. Not taking it to say I want to look at this word and now I want to make some kind of theology on it. Because I can tell you something. You can learn it. You can learn every part of it. You can buy out the quotes and so forth. It will do you no good until the quicking power comes. There must be a manifestation of that word. There must be a there must be the Holy Ghost that comes down and anoints that word and then it can take that word and when the word now will not return null and void because why? You're going to take that same word that was spoken there, that same spoken word, but when you when it's when it comes with an anointing, amen, that the spirit of God is involved in it. Amen. that it will bring effect to what it says. Amen. If it says you demon of cancer, be thou removed. Then that demon must give way to a son of God speaking with authority because it must recognize a son of God in position. You demon oppressing a son of God, that demon must listen. It must come to obedience. Amen. Because he said whatever whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatsoever you lose. Who is talking about? Sons of God. Amen. Amen. He's not talking about the priest, the bishop and so forth, the the pope. He's talking about sons and daughters of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord when they washed there in the book of acts when he was when they started staging ring around full with the Holy Ghost the fear that Peter had when he was trying to hide who Jesus was he was trying to deny Jesus but here now he started to speak boldly proclaim the gospel amen that he even he could even tell us in men and brethren do we please God or we please men we can't we can't stop preaching in that name because they know redemption comes through the name of Jesus amen Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Amen. The sons of God must come to to recognize their roles and responsibility in this hour. Amen. Yes. Now we look at some other patterns in the in the Bible where in the book of 2 Kings 18:3 it says, "And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord." Speaking about Hezekiah, to all that David his father did. Now if you look at that and wonder why now David is not at the time because his father was he had another he had another father who probably walked I think he was a right and he was walking sinfully but now he looked after the pattern not his natural father right well David was his father in the in the loins but he's looking at his father to the one that's coming with a spiritual application. Yes. Right. He's looking at it spiritually where he's following a spiritual pattern. Yes. The one that will now cuz he realized David was the anointed of God. Amen. So he wants to take up off the dead pattern. Yes. As his father David because David was the chosen one of God. Amen. David was obtained of God. David was the anointed of God. So Hezekiah is looking at that and he wants to follow the pattern of David. Amen. Amen. And we know that that will come to benefit him later in his life. Yes. Because we we look at Hezekiah, he he was living right. But the time when now he comes and he and he gets sick. I just want to read the quote the way the prophet puts it here. He says speaking about Hezekiah. He says, "Ezekiah was told to make ready and to get ready because that he had to meet his maker." Now, what we read before now, he did as his father David did. Now, he's looking at now we're looking at a father-son relationship. We're looking at he's realizing why David is anointed. why you got to follow that one that is chosen of God. Amen. But he says, "Now Hezekiah was a king and a great man." Did you notice he's clear? Lord, I beseech you to consider me. I walked before you with a perfect heart. What a testimony to us today. And it should be a man that walks before God. Even death was pronounced upon a man and yet God changed his mind about him. Amen. Now if he did he then he can do it now. If you want to walk after your father. Amen. Amen. If you want to do that is right. You want to walk with an upright heart. You want to come to full obedience to the word. Amen. Amen. Even death can be pronounced upon you and God can change his mind about his word. Amen. Oh God can change the situation around. Amen. He can take you out of a situation of debt. That's right. Because here's a man with an upright heart. Amen. So even death was pronounced upon the man and yet God changed his mind about him. Lord because Hezekiah wanted to do something and God said he would give us the desires of our heart. Yes. Yes. Amen. And Hezekiah's time had come. See what the prophet is saying now. He got a cancer on him or something or another and called it a boil in that day. But we know boils don't regularly kill you. They just get well. But it was perhaps a cancer and it opened up like a boil and God told Isaiah said go up there and tell him that he's going to die. That was God's word. Now when God sent the prophet with a a word that word has to come to pass, right? But here's a man that followed it the pattern of David, his father. But here David was many years before him. And Hezekiah had something he wanted to do. Yet when you plead anything to God, you got to be a reason for it. It's just like the scripture that I so often refer to. If you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have what you said. Now that's all together controlled on motive and objective. see or it won't happen. So God is watching your motive when you're asking for something. Amen. Amen. You can't be asking God for a car and then when God blesses your car, you can't come to church with that car. You can't be asking God for a nice house, but you're not hospitalitable to people in your house. You can't be asking God for a better job and better money, but you're not helping people that I need. You follow what I'm saying? Amen. Amen. God watch the motive. Amen. You can't be asking God same time for good health, but you can't use that hell for God. When you're in good health now, are you praising God? Are you spending time with the things of God? Amen. Amen. So when you plead anything to God, you've got to be a reason for it. It's just like the scripture. Sorry. You just can go out here. There's where many of us make a many mistakes. He's going out and say, "Now I'll show you. you. I got faith to do this. Now, you're wrong to begin with. Amen. That's why I said many profess to be called, but watch the characteristics. Yes. Amen. Because what the prophet said, power without character is satanic. Amen. God don't give you gifts just to play with it. Amen. Amen. As I was saying a while ago, he don't show you visions just to play with it. There's nothing to play with. That's sacred. So gifts are secret. Yes. Amen. If God has given you a talent, it's sacred. If God has given you a gift, it's sacred. Amen. Be a prisoner to him. Die to self. Amen. Amen. No matter how much you want to tell that guy is wrong, watch this now. No matter how much you want to tell that guy is wrong and what this that or the other, you hold still to God says so. Amen. He's talking to talking about him when he got discernment. He can discern something. You want to correct the guy or you want to have discernment to correct a brother. Maybe he said till God allows him to say so. that when God says so then you can come when thus say the Lord. Amen. Until that just forget about it. The world today is just like Hezekiah was then it has been one. It's been one. It's constantly being one. The church is being one. And now this thing just don't happen by chance. They all got something behind them. Amen. Now Hezekiah being sick. You caught that? The church. Amen. Now Hezekiah being sick having this boil, it wasn't by chance. God God sent as Isaiah up there and told him to set his house in order now where he was going to die. Now I want to tell you something. Why we looking at this naturally? There are also spiritual deaths. God had to set warnings. Yes. And they have to have ministry with discernment to see where the body is that the body can be in a condition they can they approaching spiritual debt. Yes. But the warning is going out to them because it's the grace of God. They got the chance to repent. Amen. And come back to the altar. Get things right. Make things right. get your house in order because God wants the body to be in order because he wants it to be a foot and able body and watch now we're looking at the pattern of Hezekiah. He's not going to have many years left. Yes. When this incident when this when this healing takes place and he's got time to take get his house in order. He's got a few years that he's asking for. You can't have all eternity here. We don't have all the time here. Amen. We got to conduct father's business. Amen. Father is serious about his affairs and he's placed us in this time and season for a reason. Amen. And he's placed us here not to shuck around. Amen. But to stay with his word and to operate his word. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. That's right. So when these warnings are coming to God's servants that he's chosen in this hour, when warnings are coming from around the world, it's coming to get the body rights. Amen. Take them out of spiritual debt. Amen. Cuz they're nearing spiritual debt because why? The sins of leprosy have crept in. Men have become slothful. Men are shocking from responsibilities. But the Holy Ghost is graceful. Amen. Crying out crying out grace grace. Amen. Because why? God loves his son. Amen. Just like the son of the prodical son, God wants his son to get that revelation. And how did they get it? That quickening power. Through the to the to the anointed preaching of the word because it's the anointing that will break the yoke of bondage. Amen. Get the sinner back to the altar. So the world today is like Hezekiah was been one. He said in 47 he said now Hezekiah being sick having this boy it wasn't by chance God sent Isaiah there and told him to set his house in order now because he was going to die and Hezekiah wept and told God I walk before you with a perfect heart. I pray you spare my life for a cause a good cause the cause of God. Now God told the prophet said go back and tell him he's going to prophesy again now. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Now, isn't that strange? Hezekiah was the greatest man in the land. Hezekiah was a king and a godly man. He was a real man. If he could plead that before God and God didn't rebuke him for it, I walk before you with a perfect heart. Now, that's saying a whole Nazi. And God never said, "No, Hezekiah, you didn't do it." But he admitted he did it. Did do it. And he said, "I'm going to I'm going to spare your life a little longer." He could have come any time. He could have come in 2020. He could have come many years ago. Yes. We wasn't ready. The body wasn't ready. He had to come in readiness. He had to get things in order. The house had to get in order. Amen. Because why? Sons and sons of God had to come into their position. Amen. Yes Lord thunder sons of God have to come to maturity to conduct father's affairs I'm going to give you your request say see because he had been a just man he had been a real servant to Christ praise God so you see the grace of God Paul is saying in 1 Corinthians 11:1 said be a followers of me even as I also am of Christ. Amen. He was a spiritual father to the early church. Just as Jesus followed the father's example. And we find now as Hezekiah followed David. Amen. And there's other people in the Bible like Josiah also followed David. He walked after his father David. That's what the Bible says. He walked after his father David. Because they saw the spirit. They wanted to align with the spiritual pattern. Amen. They wanted to align with an anointing. Amen. with an anointed man of God, with God's anointed king. That's what he was doing. He didn't want to align with his natural father. He wanted to align with David because he knew that David was the anointed of God. Amen. And we find that same thing happens with us. We supposed to the word has called us to walk in alignment with the same apostolic faith. Amen. With the faith of the fathers. We must come to that alignment. Amen. Amen. As the apostle, as the fathers walked, he said, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord, and he shall turn the heart of the children back to the faith of the fathers." Amen. Amen. Amen. So what it is true is imitating Christ. Amen. Not any man-made religion, not any man-made creeds. Hallelujah. Amen. not our natural leaders of the world, not the people of the world, but it's imitating Christ. Amen. Amen. If there's anything you should be imitating is imitate Christ. Amen. Amen. And we thank God that God sent a prophet to restore the apostolic pattern in his hour. Yes. Amen. Came with the same. Restore us back to all that was lost. Tied up all the Lucians. and then left a part for us to do. Amen. Amen. Fulfilled his part, left the scene, faithfully found in the father's business. Amen. Cuz his instruction was to find a bride. To go on go out fishing, find the rainbow trouts. Yes. I'm going to give you to I'm going to give you some baits. The bait is going to be healing. Healing the sick. First you pull discerning of the of the thoughts of people and hearts of people. I'm going to give you that as bait. But you're fishing for a rainbow trout. Amen. You're fishing for a special class of people. Amen. You You're fishing for those that are in my family helping. Those that I want to have fellowship with, those that I come to reconcile back to me. Amen. But you are carrying a word that has an anointing. It has quickening power. He has power to transform lives. No one else is carrying his power. Billy Graham got a ministry. He's going to get a lot of people. Or Robert's got a ministry. He's going to call a lot of people. But you got a ministry with quickening power. Amen. And I'm going to take you back to the back part of my mind. And I'm going to show you that I was a self-existing one. And I had you in my thoughts. How I had you in my mind. And I knew that I want to be a savior. I want to be a redeemer. I had all the attributes within me. But I'm going to allow my attributes to be manifested in my sons upon the earth. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. So all the way from Adam to Brham, sons was being manifested. Yes. And it come right now to the showdown to the final part where God is showing his grace upon the earth. Before the spiritual depths could come upon a church that thought they had got the message. We thought we had everything. But God was gracious enough to say no. I need to carry a little longer because I need you to come to your rightful position. I need you to go and conduct my affairs. I need you to carry out my business. When I said you in the scripture, you shall do the greater works. I meant that I was for you. I kept that store up for you. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. This was the people that God kept it for. So you find that God has given us that responsibility. He's entrusted us with his gifts. Amen. The question is, have we've really come to the true revelation or the true understanding of what is really entrusted upon us? And have we accepted that responsibility? Because you can have the responsibility. But have you accepted it? Yes. Amen. Because only when you accept it, then you can manifest it. Yes. Amen. If you want to manifest something, you have to accept it first. Yes. Or you want to say no, it's for another brother. That's for an evangelist. That's for a pastor. That's for a teacher. That's for another brother who's very spiritual or there for another sister. You got to accept your own personal responsibility as a son and daughter of God. Amen. Cuz God is calling sons to come to full manifestation in this hour. Not in the age that you don't speak about a age coming because if you go if you're going to want to see what is happening under Moses and Elijah ministry you mess you miss the rapture. Yes. See what is happening in your day. See what is happening in your hour. God richly bless you. Let's stand. Amen. [Applause] Amen. And I pray that we've come to the real realization of how serious this is. We're hearing the word week after week. We're hearing it in different sequence and it's taken us. The Holy Spirit has been gracious to take us in steps. Amen. Yes. Amen. In steps of how this whole thing was unfolding. It's only the grace of God. Amen. But he's doing it for a reason. God doesn't just choose something to give you extra knowledge. or to make you know a lot of things. No, he equipss you. Equip he equipss you for his kingdom. And for his purpose. Amen. Hallelujah. God don't want slotful children. God's sons are not slotful. God's sons are good stewards. God set the pattern in the Bible from the pro from the time he's got he's ordained servants in the Bible and the pattern no one was slotful. Amen. Everyone come to fulfill the part and they left the scene. This is the final hour, the final part. Amen. Where this final display must be happening. Amen. There must be a final showdown of sons of God upon the earth. An invincible army, a super church, a super age who knows how to handle his word. Amen. Who knows what he once done with his word. Amen. Amen. who knows to to say this word the what happened in the days of the apostle. If I can go out there as a believer then every scripture that is inspired, every scripture, every redemptive blessing, I have rightful claims over it. Yes. Now I'm going to talk like a son. No more I'm going to speak negative. Yes. Amen. Oh, I'm sick. I can't make it. Or things are bad and things are hard. I'm going to speak as a son. Amen. Yeah. Did you see Jesus stressing when they came to him and they were collecting tax? Did you Did you see Jesus stressing about that? He said, "Go to the fish." That's the son of God. He's showing you our sons should operate. He's showing you our sons operate. He said, "Don't worry about what food you're going to eat or what clothes you're going to wear. Your father knows you have need of all these things. You go and seek ye first the kingdom of God. Amen. Seek first father's kingdom. Amen. Father's business, and all these things that you so desire, all these things shall be added unto you. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, whatsoever you have need of tonight, I believe that he's a God who is merciful. He's a God who is rich in mercy. I believe he's a God that can meet everyone at the point of need tonight. I believe he's speaking to us tonight. Amen. And I believe that whatsoever you shall ask for believing you shall receive. If you do not doubt it. But if you ask by faith and if you have the right motive and if you have the right reason for asking it, he's he has to he will he's obligated to his word to make it come to pass. Hallelujah. Amen. So speak tonight. Speak to him tonight as a son of God. Amen. Let's talk to him. Father, we come to you tonight in that precious and wonderful name of Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you predestinated us as sons and daughters of God. Father, you predestinated us for your purpose. You had a plan for us, oh God. You had a special time and season that we will be manifested on the earth, of God. And as we come forth right now, and your word is placing us into our rightful positions, oh God, into the rightful place in the body, Father. And I pray that your quickening power will come down and quicken your word unto us, oh God. And I pray right now whatever needs your children may have right now, Father, I know that you are more than able, Father, as they trusting in you right now, as they bringing their petition before you right now. I pray, Father, that you'll meet them now at the point of me that each one will have a testimony to give. Oh God, they're going to testify. They're going to come and they're going to glorify your name and they're going to thank you and say, "Father, I thank you for you are rich in mercy. Father, you thank you for your bountiful blessings upon my life. Thank you for healing me. Thank you for blessing me, Father. Oh, this is for your glory and for your honor, Father. Blessed be your name, Father. We thank you, Lord, for your goodness. And we thank you for your mercy. Oh, blessed be your name. Thank you, Jesus. Do your will, oh God. Hallelujah. Sing that song of the goodness of God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I love you, Lord, [Music] for your mercy never fails me. And all my days, I'll be held in your wrath. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head and I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your [Music] voice. You have led me to the fire. [Music] In darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have in the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Isn't he a good God? Amen. He's a faithful father. He's a heavenly father who watches over us. Amen. Amen. He knows exactly what we need to hear and he feeds us with that. Amen. So we thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him glory and honor, Lord Jesus. Thank you. Amen. You know, the father speaks to us. Yes. Amen. As we have need. And the question we got to ask ourselves is, how do we translate that into our everyday life? Amen. Amen. It's not every day there's going to be moments where you're on a platform or be called in a situation where the power is to be displayed. But it's to be translated into your life. Amen. Amen. So you become a manifested son walking into checkers. Manifested son going to school. God don't walk in super duper things. Amen. He says he wants you to testify to the milkman. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Don't look for big things now. Because if we're going to look for the big things, we're going to miss the little things. You know, there was a man, a farmer. He had an apple farm. He didn't get saved in a big meeting. Yes. Amen. He got saved and he didn't even know he was talking to a man of God. That's right. He thought he was talking to a hunter. Yeah. So there was a manifested son as a hunter. Disguised as a hunter. Hey, so this is only a place to equip the body. Amen. where we actually displayed is once we walk out these doors. Amen. Amen. So when you conducting your business, the way you conduct business, Sister Michelle, when you make your samusas, you make the best samusas in Phoenix. Yes. Amen. The people that buy from you are blessed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Whatever we're doing, Amen. I'm just trying to help you understand. Amen. what God is trying to tell us. Our roles and our responsibilities have to translate into our everyday life. Amen. Amen. And a little bit of kindness goes a long way. Amen. You know, we can manifest sunship and be a daughter by being good to one another. Sometimes we leave the little things undone. Having compassion, Amen. Do you know what the capstone is? That's that's the word we use. But it's actually charity. Do you know why charity is a better word than love? Because anyone can love and do nothing. But charity is love equipped with good works. I can tell everyone I love them. I love the body of Christ. I love this. Love this. And he was as tight as a Jew. Amen. But eternal life living for others is living for others. Amen. So what God is trying to tell us tonight, our roles and our responsibilities have to translate into our everyday life. Amen. Amen. Then we become an effective army. Hallelujah. Amen. And we need to get into the neighborhood and witness to everyone and tell them about the love of Jesus. Amen. And that's how we translating it now. Don't look for super duper things. We're going to translate it into our everyday life. Amen. Amen. So we thank you, brother Joshua. Amen. Let's give the Lord a great praise. Amen. For being obedient to the word of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. How many of you want to hear a song? Amen. Amen. Amen. And you can be seated. I was just thinking of the song and I thought it'd be good to hear the song. Amen. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Amen. You've been so faithful. You've been so true. You never fail me though I fail you. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Amen. Amen. You send a prophet this evening time. I don't know the rest of the words for the show. You're going to have to come and sing it for us. Amen. Let's just be blessed with the song. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Maybe we can type up these words and we can start to sing it as well. It's a good song. Amen. Come to the show. Amen. I remember you singing it once before. Mika, you want to sing with your dad? No. She's very tired. Amen. How fast can you turn? Amen. Praise the Lord. You know the Bible says gifts and callings are without repentance. I say gifts and callings are without wanting to. We call you anytime. Are you okay? God bless you. Amen. Nice to see everybody. Thank you very Joshua. Appreciate the words. I've learned to trust [Music] you. I rest assure. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me just start with the the chorus. I trust in you, Lord. I'm trusting you. You've been so faithful. You've been so true. [Music] You never fail me like I failed [Music] you. I'm trusting you, Lord. I'm trusting you. You see, it's a it's a testimony. how you brought me through and you in this last days darkness and gloom was an earthquake hearts are consumed for you're my anchor. Amen. Hallelujah. I run to you. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. For you're my refuge. I trust in you. Amen. [Music] I'm trusting you, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'm trusting you. You've been so faithful. [Music] You being so true. He's never failed me. like I failed you, Lord. I'm trusting you, Lord. [Music] I'm trusting you. Amen. Amen. He sent us a message. Amen. Hallelujah. This evening, the mighty angels have brought me high. Amen. I'm being hallelujah. I'm being transformed into your image. I'm trusting you. Amen. Lord, I'm trusting you, Lord. I'm trusting you. You've been so faithful. You've been so true. You never fail me like I failed you. I'm trusting you, Lord. I'm trusting you. Let's just close our eyes. Had to learn to trust you. Yes, Lord Jesus. I rest [Music] assured on your great promises. Amen. In your sweet love. In you I anchored, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. Yes, God. In you I trust. I'm trusting you, Lord, to take me through. Yes, Jesus. I'm trusting you, Lord. I'm trusting [Music] you. You've been so faithful. You been so true. You never fail me like I failed you. I'm trusting you, Lord. I'm trusting you. Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you appreciate that song? Amen. Amen. He sent a message. Yes. Amen. The mighty angel has come to bring us out and give us life. Amen. You can turn the camera off. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we thank the Lord. All we know is
