################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - The Taking Of The Book Gives The Redeemer Rights | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 27-04-2025 - Adrian Gengan - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   The Taking Of The Book Gives The Redeemer Rights | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 27-04-2025
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAKx5FBdJEA
========================================

The goal or the redeemer as obligations and rights. Amen. The obligations and rights of the redeemer. He has certain responsibilities which he must fulfill. Amen. And the obligation is placed from the person that is now in distress. So the redeemer, the nearest kinsman has an obligation to fulfill the request of the one that's in distress. Amen. And maybe for a title, I'll just call this the taking of the book gives the redeemer rights. Amen. The taking of the book gives the redeemer rights. So in Deuteronomy 25, we'll read from verse 6 there. If brethren dwell together and one of them die and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger, a husband shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and to perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her. And it shall be that the firstborn which he shall which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel. And if the man like not to take his brother's wife, then let his brother's wife go up to the gate of the elders and say, "My husband's brother refuses to raise up unto his brother a name in Israel. he will not perform the duty of my husband's brother. Then the elders of the city shall call him and speak unto him. And if he stand to it and say, I will not take her, I would like not to take her. Then shall his brother's wife come unto him in the presence of the elders and loose his shoe from off his foot and spit in his face and shall answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not build up his brother's house. And his name shall And his name shall be called in Israel the house of him that hath Ishu loosed. And when men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draw near, for to deliver a husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and puteth forth a hand, and taketh him by the secret, then thou shalt cut off a hand, thine eye shall not pity. The Lord had blessed you through the reading of his word. You may be seated. Amen. Want to remind you of another scripture. Amen. Hallelujah. You remember Judah's daughter-in-law, she needed seed raised up to her lineage. Amen. And none of the the brother that was now the near kinsman didn't want to perform the duty to raise up seed. So then you know how she disguises herself. Amen. It's Tama. Is it Tama? Amen. disguises herself and now entices Judah. Amen. So she's got to go into another type of role there to play the outlet in order to fulfill the scripture. Amen. So as we are reading this now, I want you to understand that Adam died without raising up the type of seed that he was supposed to raise. Yes. Amen. The type of seed that Abel was or sith was not in the perfect will of God. So we can say that Adam died without reproducing his life in the type of species that he was. Yes. So now like we read in the scripture when a brother dies without raising up sea to carry his name the nearest kinsman must come forth to take his wife and raise up sea. But now there's a problem. There is no near kinsman. There is no perfect man on the earth to raise up Adam's name. Yeah. And God can't take Eve and use her because she was part of the defilement. She was part of the deception there. Hallelujah. So in John 6 and 63, I want to read this. It is the spirit that quickenth the flesh. Amen. It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profitth nothing. Now watch what the statement Jesus is going to make. Now remember Jesus is the kinsman that's going to raise up the seed of Adam. The type of species that Adam was. It's only Jesus Christ was born of a virgin. Wasn't born of a sexual act. Wasn't even the egg of Mary. Mary was just the incubator. The prophet calls it the immaculate conception. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So God had created both the egg and the sperm and placed it inside of Mary as an incubator to bring forth the only begotten son of God. So Jesus is going to speak these words. And he's saying the words that are coming out of my mouth. Amen. The type of man that Adam was, I am speaking words. And he says my words are spirit. Amen. And they are life. Amen. So a son of God when words come out of his mouth they are spirit and they are life. We are no different from our bridegroom the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. So now that we have back redemptive rights, we've got to understand that our words are spirit and our words are life. Amen. That's why the when God in the beginning could say let there be light things started to create to to happen to materialize because his word was spirit and life. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So if we're emphasizing Jesus on words and we are saying the word of God is just not words. The words written in your Bible are just not words. But it has a lifegiving power and a it carries a source. Amen. Of spiritual sustenance. Amen. The prophet of God would say here in the church book, he knew that the man originally got away from God was first by leaving the word. Yes. If you leave that word, you have left God. So what were they leaving? They were leaving spirit and life. Yes. To live the word is to leave spirit and life. To leave your source and power of your life. Praise the Lord. Now, the prophet in this message, spiritual amnesia, he says, "I wonder if the church hasn't got amnesia so much now that they don't, some of them don't even believe such a thing as the Holy Ghost." Just the other day, I was listening to a minister in the message makes a statement. Some of you go to churches where they keep emphasizing about the Holy Ghost. Amen. But watch what the property is saying. They got spiritual amnesia and they don't even believe there's such a thing as the Holy Ghost. See where the church has got a very bad case of amnesia. The prophet will go on to say, don't get spiritual amnesia. you'll identify yourself with something else. Stay right with that word because the word is revealing our true identity. The word is taking away spiritual amnesia. Amen. In fact, the prophet of God says it will take those seven unknown thunders to wake her up again to make her realize who she is. The part of God's economy she is. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Now I just want to define some of the things the prophet is saying because it's a very profound thing he's saying and this message is preached in 1964 and he's showing you some key scriptures that if we don't operate the scriptures he is telling us that we in a case of spiritual amnesia. Amen. He says I want to be identified there with these signs shall follow them that believe. Amen. Can't be identified in that. Have you got have you got some spiritual amnesia that you find out you don't believe those signs follow the believers? Follow his thought. If you don't believe it, you got spiritual amnesia. See, you've gotten you've forgotten that God promised that. He said, "These son shall follow them that believe." Don't forget it. You can't forget it to be a Christian. Amen. Amen. And brother Sam, is that echorn very high in uh because it's warm here. It's like blowing hot air. Amen. Just check this main econ brother Caleb. Praise the Lord. In 109 that paragraph there he says now remember Mark 16 was these signs shall follow them. How many of you here believes Mark 16? Amen. Then I'm then you are part of the candidates that are not in spiritual amnesia. Right. Then he takes another scripture St. John 14 and 12. He that believeth with me though in me the works that I do shall he do also. Now if we don't believe we carry those potentials then we are in spiritual amnesia. Amen. He that believeth in me, the works that I do shall he do also. Don't forget it. If you do, you've got spiritual amnesia. You've forgotten who you are. You've forgotten what your testimony means. How about that? He said, "If you abide in me and my word abide in you, that's spirit and life, you can ask what you will, it be done for you, are you identified there to believe that that is the truth?" Amen. Then he takes one more scripture that I want to emphasize. He takes Mark 11:23. If you say to this mountain, be moved. Don't doubt in your heart. Believe what you have said will come to pass. You can have what you said. Can you be identified there? to believe that is the truth. Amen. If it hasn't, then you're getting spiritual amnesia. Amen. Then I want to get to the church age book and brother Brandon makes a statement. He says, "I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst." Yes. Amen. Are we satisfied with what we have or are we like John? Are you the one to come or should we look for another? I am saying the word in our midst is the shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Are we sufficiently impressed with a shout? Amen. Now that we've come out of all our denominations, out of all these religions, are we sufficiently impressed with a shout? or as a time period gone by where we don't even now acknowledge the power of the shout. Yes. Amen. I want you to know the power of the shout, the word in our midst is still an ongoing process in our lives. It is the shout that is delivering us. Brother Brandham calls the shout the living bread of life. Amen. That's right. He calls it the living bread of life. Amen. He said it's a message going forth to gather the living saints. Yesterday we were preaching at Sister Baby's memorial service there. Amen. And I was showing them that when you are in Christ, now remember there's only one body in Christ. Amen. The sleeping saints are part of the body. So can there be any part of the body of Christ that's dead? That is why in heaven's language, Jesus never refers to them that are gone on as dead. Because no part of his body can be dead. Amen. From our perspective, they have left the earth. And from our perspective, they are dead. But from God's perspective, they are alive. Amen. So God's body exists in two dimensions. One in this dimension and in that dimension. But both are alive. Amen. Amen. Doesn't the scripture say Jesus even said that? Amen. When he's talking about he said, "I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob." And he said, "God is God of the living." Amen. He's not a God of the dead. So, we've got to change our perspective and our language. Remember when Jesus was going to raise up Lazarus, he told the disciples, "Our friend sleepeth." So, they said, "Well, if he sleeps, it's good." Then Jesus to come down to their earthly language, he said, "Lazarus is dead." But in the kingdom language, it's asleep. Asleep in this dimension, but alive in that dimension. Hallelujah. Because the body of Jesus Christ can never die. Amen. No part of his body can die. Amen. So rest assured, if we draw our last breath in this life, it's not the end of us. Amen. people in this life from this perspective we feel sorry for the person that has gone on but who has a better quality of life yes who has a better quality of life they are in a perfect body they are in a young body they in a body that doesn't age now in this life we subject to our sorrow our pain our sickness and death we feeling sorry for them who have gone on before and they're in a dimension where there's no time, there's no sickness, there's no sorrow, there's no pain. So they actually should be feeling sorry for us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. So God's got a body and they that are in Christ, they are asleep in Christ. Hallelujah. And we are in Christ in heavenly places. Both are in Christ. Yes. And that's what matters to be in Christ. So, brother Brandham is making this statement. I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. Now, can I elaborate on that? If we were sufficiently impressed, you can't get me to stay away from fellowship. Hallelujah. If we were sufficiently impressed with the shout, you can't wait for the assembly together of the saints. If you were sufficiently impressed with the shout, you'll go and prophesy again to many nations, tongues, and kings. If we were sufficiently impressed with the shout, we would be more on fire for God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, the paragraphs that I'm reading now is going to go into what we call pick up your pen and write, which the prophet would say it's God's love letter to the church. Right? But I I found this very interesting in his preceding paragraphs going into that some of the statements he's making. Now, let's follow along. Amen. And see, follow the thought of the prophet. He's asking us how we pray. We pray in Jesus' name. Every prayer in his name or there isn't any answer. So you can't pray in the name of Jehovah. Yes, sir. Come on. Yes. And expect an answer. He says you've got to ask in my name. So he's saying if there's no prayer in his name, there is isn't any answer. In John 5:14 we are told this is the confidence we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will he heareth us and if we know that he whatsoever we ask we know that we have our petitions that we desire of him. Now this might help somebody when you are praying for something. Now we ask what is the will of God? There is only one way to know his will and that is by the word of God. Amen. Yes. Right. Then he quotes lamentations there. He says, "If it isn't the word, you can't have it." That's right. So, we can't ask unless it's in the word. And we can't petition or ask unless it's in his name. Amen. Amen. So, watch how he ties the two things together. Now, there it is again. Jesus, the name is the word, the will. Amen. So, the will of God is for you to ask in the name of Jesus. Yes. You can't separate God and the word. They are one. So if you're ever asking that question, how do I ask according to his will? You ask in his name. Amen. His will is his name. That's you ready there for yourself. The prophet is saying it. Amen. So then he goes on to progress the thought and he's saying the word now that we have our Bibles that's in the printed page is a part of him when you accept it by faith into a spiritful life. He said that his word was life but that is exactly what he is. John 14:6 I am the way the truth and the life. Amen. And Romans 8:9 says if any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of him. There it is. He is spirit and he is life. Amen. Now watch where he goes with this. That's exactly what the word is. Spirit and life, right? Watch where he goes. Now that's exactly what Jesus is. He is the word. Now when a spiritborn, spiritful man, can I get some witnesses? A spiritful amen. Spiritborn, spiritful man in faith takes that word into his heart and places it upon his lip. Hallelujah. Amen. Remember that's Romans now 10. If you believe in your heart, confess with your mouth. When you take it and you place it upon your lips, why? That is the same as deity speaking. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Every mountain has to go. Yes. Amen. Satan cannot stand before that man. Amen. So don't tell me Satan is opposing you. Take the word that's coming to your heart, put it on your lips, and speak. Amen. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. He says, "Satan can't stand before you." Oh, thank you, Lord. He's only a bluff. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, wonderful. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. If the church way back there in the third age, had only held on to the revelation of the living word. Amen. In the midst, in their midst, the power of God would not have faded as it did in those dark ages. Amen. Amen. And right today when the church returns to the word in faith, what is that? Somebody tell me Malachi 4 verse 5 and 6. Amen. The hearts of the children being turned back now to the faith of the fathers because they got lost through the dark ages. He's saying so Malachi 4 is coming to restore back the spirit in the church. Amen. He says, "When the church returns to the word in faith, we can say without doubt that the glory of God and the wonderful acts of God will be in our midst again." Amen. Amen. We just come through 2024 showing you the glory of God returning to the church. He's saying the glory of God will be in our midst again. Amen. So that's what we are contending for. We are contending for the glory to return back to the church. So we're living consecrated lives. We are living Amen. lives humbly before the Lord, walking in reverence, in humility. Amen. Remember those angels how they are clothed. Amen. They cover their face. They cover their feet. Amen. They cover. Amen. Their cherubams are covered. He says they are walking in humility. Now, here's where he goes to remember opening scripture. It's all going to tie in. Now, one night while I was seeking the Lord, now think of this. He just gave you a thought of creative power on your lips. Amen. And then he suddenly brings this in. He's trying to show you that Adam's seed, which was supposed to speak by the spoken word, that kind of a man didn't exist. But he's going to show you now how Jesus the bridegroom is going to write a letter to his bride and tell her something. Now remember the basis of it. Brother Brandham says when a man is writing a letter to his wife, he says she can read in between the lines. She can know exactly what he is saying. Amen. Amen. Amen. So can we declare that he is the bridegroom? Yes. Can we declare you are the wife? So can you read between the lines what your husband is telling you? Amen. Thank you Lord. So he says one night while I was seeking the Lord the Holy Spirit told me to pick up my pen and write. As I grasped the pen to write the spirit gave me a message to the church. I want to bring it to you. It has to do with the word and the bride. Amen. Now remember what we said the word was. The word is the will of God. The word is the seed of God. So it has to do with seed and the bride. Amen. So we have to read between the lines because only his wife will know what he's really saying. Brother, if you can go onto the message search there and find this here, right? Maybe pick it up from there. You can type up one of these letterings there and then pick up that quote. I didn't want to copy it here. I said we'll just read it off that slide there. So, we must be reading between the lines and only his wife will know what he's saying between the lines. Right? He goes on to say, "Here is what I'm trying to say to you. The law of reproduction." Hey, this you started writing your letter about reproduction. You're writing a love letter and you start writing. Are you reading between the lines? He's saying that God's specy, Adam died without his species. But Jesus Christ has come now as a redeemer. He's found a wife. And he's talking about reproductive rights of the redeemer. Amen. Because the redeemer has rights to reproduce the seed. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The law of reproduction is that every species bring forth after its own kind. Amen. So when he was looking on the earth, there was no Genesis 1:26 27 man. So that species didn't exist. But it's going to exist now. Amen. No other time and age could Jesus be married. I'm going to say it again. No other time and age could Jesus be married but after the book is taken. Amen. Amen. Paul even said, "I've espoused you." Yes. Thank you, Lord. Because you can't take back the right of a redeemer to marry that woman if you don't have the title deed in your hand. And tell me, did Jesus take the title deed back 2,000 years ago? Yes, sir. Or did he have to wait there in the mediation role till every name was expressed on the earth? Yes. So after 2,000 years, he's coming back out of the sanctuary and there's a call made. Who is worthy to take the book? Amen. So I'm saying it was only in 1963 in the first seal. That's right. Brother Brandham is saying, "I no longer call you bride because you can't impregnate bride. You got to marry her first. He says, "I no longer call you bride." Or he says, "I no longer call you church. I call you bride." Right? Because now he's found the woman that he's going to reproduce his life in. Now bride goes on for the ceremony in the invisible union. The ceremony is performed and I pronounce you husband and wife. Right? So he says the law of reproduction is each species brings forth after its own kind even according to Genesis 1:11. Now I'm going to say it again. The opening subject of the letter is revealing the theme of the letter. He is not concealing the matter. He is very direct and going straight to the point. Amen. This is not a letter to the public. This is a letter to the one that is chosen to be his wife. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So, what we are learning here is that God wants to reproduce himself. And create again the God man specy. The one after his image and likeness, the one in Genesis 126:27. Maybe we can put it up. We can read it. Amen. Maybe you're familiar with the scripture. But repetition is good. Amen. Amen. Repetition is good because once it gets into your spirit because in your spirit is memory. Amen. Memory is not held up in your brain. Memory is part of your spirit realm. Amen. Amen. Genesis 1:26. Praise the Lord. He's saying here, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, the fowl of the air, over cattle, over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So this kind of a man, God wants to reproduce. Yes. So God created man in his own image. in the image of God created ye him. Male and female created ye them. Right? Now notice there as well. If you go back to 126 there, he's saying image and out to our likeness. But if you go to 27, you'll see he's saying God created man in his image. Nothing about likeness there. In the image of God created him. Male and female created he them. Which means man was going to have to come up to this perfect state of the word which was Mazdc. Amen. That's what the process was going on with Adam. Adam was coming into the perfect state of the word. He had dominion over the fish of the sea, over the foul of the air. He could speak to mountains, but he was coming up to the perfect state of the word which was Melzdc. Praise the Lord. Amen. Where he could have creative power to speak and reproduce his own life. But Eve couldn't wait for him to come to that potential. So the serpent presented to a way an idea. He says you can wait for your husband to reproduce his life. Amen. By God's way or you can reproduce the animal way. She chose the animal way of reproduction. Yes. Praise the Lord. Now, let's go back to that quote there and continue reading. So, we are seeing the theme of this letter is to deal with the reproduction of the God kind of man. The man that can take the word that's sown in his heart, put it on his lips and speak. Right? And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, fruit yielding fruit after its kind." Right? So, he's trying to show you how everything must bring forth after its kind. Whatever seed started, the church will come forth and be like the original seed because it's the same seed. So if Jesus who is the kinsman redeemer is raising up the seed of Adam, it must be like Adam. Amen. Hello. He's saying it must be like the original seed. In these last days, the true bright church, which is Christ's seed, will come to the headstone. Amen. She will be now watch what kind of seed this is. The kind of seed that Adam was was a super church, a super race. Hallelujah. As she nears him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, if you read this very carefully, he's not saying once she is united with him, she'll be the super church. Hello. Hello. Come on. Walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk work walk thing think she as she nears him so why are we putting it to some future event yes amen he says as she nears him she'll be the super race so I'm saying the thing that's holding it back I got a picture of it here the thing that's holding it back is This you see. You want me to walk around? You can see who's holding it back. Can you see? They look beautiful, right? You saw who's holding it back. Okay. This is the guy responsible. There's a culprit. Can you see sister Jason? Joseph, you can see this is the guy. Joseph, who didn't see it in the back? All of you saw it. But the same, you're looking very puzzled. Let me show you this picture of who is holding Jack the Super Race. You see it? Can you see it with a D? This is the person holding it back. You get the idea. You want to see such a victory? You know, now remember what he's saying. He's not saying when she's united with him, she becomes a super race. So what's our problem? Ask your neighbor, what's your problem? As she nears him, she's a super church super race. We are waiting to be united with him for us to be the super church super race. That's not what the quote is saying. Don't make the quote a liar. Amen. And she will be the super church super race as she nears him. They and the bride will be so much like him that they will be in his very own image. Amen. Watch now because you're that super church and super race. He says this is in order to be united with him. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So which means he's already given you the potential to be like him. Amen. That's the Holy Ghost that he's given us. The spirit of Christ that's in us. Now we only want the Holy Ghost to work in the end time and apply Romans 8 there. If the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, it will also quicken your mortal body. Well, if that spirit that dwells in us is so powerful that it will quicken us from the dead. Amen. How about now? While we are living, can't we see the characteristics of the Holy Ghost in us that it is power? Amen. Amen. Every day there in the city of Jerusalem, you shall receive power. Amen. It's unlimited, untapped resources. This deity that's in you, they will be the Now remember my thought. This is the kind of life he wants to reproduce to raise up Adam's seed again. That is in order to be united with him. They will be one. They will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. Denominations cannot produce this wrong seed. They will produce the creeds, their dogmas mixed with the word. Amen. Mongalizing brings forth a bread product. And the word ibid means you can't reproduce yourself. Praise the Lord. Now he approach goes on in the thought and he says that Adam the first spoken seed word of God right now watch what he's saying there now just to connect with what I statement I made earlier a seed it's not in maturity can everybody say amen to that if you want oranges I can't give you orange seed and say yeah here brotherh eat this orange amen if you feeling for nandos I can't give you an egg and say here's an Right? So in seed form, it's not in its maturity. What is brother Brandham calling Adam? Seed. So I told you he had to grow up to the statue of Melkazedc. He's calling Adam a spoken seed word of God. He was given a bride to reproduce himself. That is why the bride was given to him to reproduce himself to produce another son of God. But she fell. She fell by hybridization. She caused him to die. So I'm saying the earth had never seen a son of God reproduced in the image of Adam until Jesus Christ came upon the earth. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the now the earth is going to see. That's why all creation is groaning waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. Amen. Then now he talks about Jesus also a spoken seed word of God was given a bride like as was Adam. But before he could marry her, she also had fallen. So like Adam's wife was put to the test whether she would believe the word of God and live and doubt the word and died. She doubted. She left the word. She died. Now he's talking about you. So he says from a little group of the true seed of the word. God will present Christ with a beloved bride. She is virgin of his word. She is virgin because she knows no man-made creeds or dogmas by and through the members of the body of the bride will be fulfilled. All that was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin. Amen. The promised word of God came to Mary. But the word of promise was he himself to be made manifest. God was made manifest himself acted at that time and fulfilled his own word of promise in the virgin. It was an angel that brought her the message. But the angel's message was the word of God. Amen. He quotes the scripture. He fulfilled at that time all that was written of him because she accepted his word to her. Now watch the members of the virgin bride will love him. Can we say that we love him? Amen. And they will love they will have his potentials Lord. You have the potentials of Jesus Christ. For he is their head and all power belongs to him. They are subject to him as members of his own body. Body are subject to the our heads. Now this comes with St. John 5:19. Right? So he's going to give you the scripture here. Now notice the harmony of father and son. Jesus never did anything until it was first showed to him by the father. This harmony is now to exist between the groom and his bride. He shows her the word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. Amen. Now, did we establish that the word is a seed? He's saying she he gives her the word of life which is he gives a seed, she receives it, she never doubts it, nothing can harm her, not even death. For if the seed be planted, the water will rise it up again. Here is the secret. The word, the seed, the will is in the bride. Amen. Amen. The bride has the mind of Christ for she knows what he wants done with the word. She performs the command of the word in his name. Amen. Remember we took it in his name earlier and showed you that's his will. Amen. For she has thus sayeth the Lord. Then watch now. This is where many people are missing it. We have the opening of the word. We have the opening of the word. He says then the word is quickened by the spirit. Amen. Oh, we have the opening of the word. We don't need the Holy Ghost. No, you're wrong. He says the dynamics of this church is a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. He says which we have dealt with in a small measure as we were nearing the headstone. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's read that. Then the word is quickened. Let's all read it. Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass. Amen. The word must be quickened by the spirit. Praise the Lord. Those in the bride do only his will. No one can make them do otherwise. They have thus said the Lord or they keep still. They know it has to be God in them doing the works fulfilling his own work. Now watch what he says. He did not complete all his work while in his earthly ministry. Now he has to work in and through the bride. Amen. So God's not going to come down in a physical form and do things on the earth. Who is he doing it through? Somebody say me. Amen. She knows that it was not time yet for him to do certain things that he must do now. But he now but he will now fulfill through that bride through the bride that work which he left for this specific time. Amen. I don't have time to read the entire letter. You can go home and read it. The prophet of God is going into amen some deeper stuff there. So I am saying he's writing a letter to his bride to his wife to reproduce his life to bring forth the god man species. Amen. Now if I could summarize what the message of the hour is, that's what the message of the hour is. You remember later on in in the years of the prophet when he was still Amen in the latter part and he was having these thoughts about the ministry and leaving it and things and he said Lord okay give me a scripture and the Lord opened up the scripture to Eliza finding a bride for Isaac and he said that's my message he said go hunt my bride how many of you remember that so the ministry of William Random was to find and hunt out the bride that would receive the word of God. Amen. So that Christ could now have a bride. Amen. That he can reproduce his own life. Amen. Amen. I'm going to make it more simple. You can you should be nothing less than Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We have it. Didn't we read? We have his potentials. Yes. So the effects of the word what it should be having on us is to make us more like Jesus Christ. Hear what the prophet of God saying. Now I'm just want to define the God man species right here in the message question and answers on Genesis. He says when God created me William Brandham I was before the foundation of the world. He made my being my spirit. I wasn't conscious of anything as far as I know. I don't believe you're getting it. Now, just a minute. Jesus told them he knew them before the foundation of the world. Paul said he chose us in him before the world began. Now, there was some part of me or Neville, the rest of you that's in Christ Jesus before the world ever began. And here's to my analysis of that. I think that the people today that are possessed with the spirit, how many of you are possessed with the spirit? Amen. Watch what it says about you. A part of these angelic beings, spirits which rotated off of God. Amen. Amen. Adam was a part of God's spirit that rotated off of him. I told you before if I had to make this pulpit, the substance I would use is wood. So when God is saying, "Let us make man in our image and after our likeness," the substance he used was his own spirit that rotated off of him. Because Adam was a spirit man. Praise the Lord. The first man that God created was his spirit man. That's the God's species that God's trying to reproduce back on the earth. Amen. I pray it's not too hard for you to understand this morning. Amen. Amen. I'm trying to break it down as simply as possible because this is the end result. Adoption of children is the end result. Praise the Lord. He says, "Spirits which rotated off of God that never fell in the beginning and resisted the devil's lie in heaven." Where were you when the sons of God shouted for Amen. Amen. The morning stars sang together. The sons of God shouted for joy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, I don't want to read it, but I want you to read. There's only four chapters in the book of Ruth, but it's a very beautiful story of a kinsman redeemer coming to raise up the seed of Elimc. Amen. Ruth's husband was Elamec. And she died without reproducing his life. Oh, sorry. He died without her reproducing his life. So the law came into effect what we read in Deuteronomy 25 that the near kinsman must now raise up seed. So she comes. Amen. You know the story of the character of Ruth. Nowhere in the book of Ruth does it describes Ruth's outward appearance as in a charact facial beauty and all of those things. But what Boaz saw about her was character. Amen. That she knew she was tied to this family. That even a mother-in-law said, "Why don't you go back? I don't have any more sons." She said, "No, your people will be my people. Your God shall be my God. Thank you, Lord. Something inside of her was driving her to go back with her mother-in-law. So, you know how she comes into the field of Boaz. And now Boaz when he sees her, Amen. he starts to talk to the chief reaper. The chief reaper in the story is typing William Brandom. Amen. He is the chief reaper. And he says, "Tell them to drop a little extra for her so that she can collect it." Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Some of you guys who are looking for girls, you must go eat boys. You see how he's dropping extra on purpose. Hey, and you'll see how Ruth, you know, some guys are very shy. The girl has to nudge them. Nobody knows what I'm talking about here. Hey, the girl has to like nudge them in the right direction. Caleb, you smiling there. Amen. So if you go and read the book of Ruth now in chapter 3, you'll find Nomi now when she comes back with this handful of six measures of barley or just before that Ruth is saying he is your kinsman. go down to the threshing floor, uncover his feet, praise the Lord, and lay down. So, a very specific time at midnight, Boaz awakes because she uncovered his feet. Amen. And he arose. Now, you got to type in now Matthew 25. At midnight, a cry was made. Praise the Lord. Amen. This has to deal with a shout. Now, the shout part is an old Jewish tradition. That's why the Lord is descending with a shout. It's a loud cry to awaken. Praise the Lord. It's a tradition. If you don't understand the Jewish tradition of marriage, you won't understand what the shout is. The shout is where the bridegroom and his friends come making a loud noise to awaken the bride to let them know that they have arrived. They didn't have WhatsApp then to say, "Babe, I'm around the corner here." So, they had to make a loud shout to bring out the interested parties or the bridal party. Are you getting what the shout is? Amen. Isn't the brother Brandon further defines it to say the the shout gathers the living saints. So the shout is to bring the bride together to take you out of denominations, take you out of religions. The shout is to gather you for the marriage of the lamb. Amen. Praise the Lord. So now she comes, she uncovers his feet. The co cold hair probably awakens him. And when he sees there, he asked her, "Who are you?" Now remember, you're living in a time where there were a lot of things going on. She didn't come there for to be intimate with Boaz. She didn't uncover his feet to be intimate with him. And Boaz is also very respectful. He wants to identify who she is. I'm asking you, do you know who you are? Because Boaz askked her, who are you? Amen. Identify yourself. Amen. What happened if she had amnesia? She starts to say who she is. I'm Ruth the Moabites who came with Naomi and then she asked doesn't ask anything for herself. She asks for the redemption of Naomi. Praise the Lord. Then Boaz starts to tell her, "I am not the dear kinsman. There is one who is more nearer to me. In the morning, I'm going to go before the elders and I'm going to now tell him that he must redeem your husband's property." Amen. Raise up now Naomi's bloodline again. So anyway, he gives her six measures of Bali. And you know, six measures he's giving her because the seventh measure is Boaz himself. Amen. You know, all of those types. So when she goes back and shows Naomi all of these things, Naomi says, "This man won't rest till this matter is finished." So in the morning, Boaz awakes. He comes, gathers all the elders. Now think Revelation 5. Jesus comes before the elders. Now, Amen. Amen. Yes. He must have the book of redemption. Boaz must have the legal right to redeem them otherwise he can't do anything. Jesus must take the book otherwise he can't do any further works. Praise the Lord. Amenise. So Boaz now declares it true. Amen. The near kinsman. And this man tells him yes I will redeem the land. Boaz is he says okay no problem. You want to redeem the land, you must also marry Ruth and you must raise up children. Amen. Hey, this guy says, "Now," he says, "No, that doesn't sound good to me, lest I m my inheritance." Amen. Cuz remember, he also had children. And if he raised up seed, that boy was raised up now would want his inheritance. He wasn't prepared to share his inheritance. So what I am trying to tell you in this last days charity is important is not the headstone charity. Yes. Yes. Capstone coming grace. Grace to be able to redeem your brother's property means you must have charity. Yes. To be able to avenge your brother's blood because that's what the goal of the redeemer was as well. If somebody killed him, he must avenge his blood. You must have charity because now you are going to sacrifice your own resources. You're going to avenge it yourself. You now have to take on another man's wife and raise up sea. And if you don't have charity, how are you going to do it? Amen. How you going to go after your lost fallen brother? If you don't have charity, how you going to prophesy again? Amen. Amen. Without charity, we will sit and we'll say, "I got the message. It's okay." But charity will drive you to prophesy again. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Boaz now tells him, "You got to raise up seed." Then he declines. He says, "Lest time my inheritance." So Boaz is happy now because even though he's redeeming Naomi and her property, he's high. His heart is fixed on Ruth. He declares immediately to them, "This day I will redeem no homie and a property, and I'm also telling you, I'm going to take root to be my wife." Amen. Amen. Now, just to go back to Jesus, I'm going to close now. Amen. To take the book. Amen. Is also a type to redeem the woman that came out of his side at Calvary. So Jesus is appearing now in Revelation chapter 5 because remember there was a bride that was taken out of his side at Calvary. Hallelujah. Yes. But now he's he's there in the intercessory role for 2,000 years. But he has no legal rights unless he has Adam's book. Amen. Remember the prophet now is telling us when Adam fell he lost his book. inheritance. The book went back to heaven. So, he must now get the book in order for him to reproduce his life back on the earth. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I wonder if we are catching this that what we are going to end up is going to be far greater than Pentecost. Hallelujah. Yes. Hello. In no other time and season was the book taken but now. The book wasn't taken in the days of Peter. The book wasn't taken in the days of Paul or somebody get it. Amen. The book was only taken now in 1963. Yes. Amen. Amen. Yes. Now watch what brother Brandham says here. So after Amen. So we know that after two 2,000 years of church history, it's time and now in the end time, there's a woman Amen. that finds herself where a denominational husband is dead. So she now needs C to raise up, right? Remember what we read there? Jesus' bride also fell. So he has to find another. So he can't marry her if he doesn't redeem her. So he comes looking for his queen. Showing us what his intention is. Here's the quote in the bridge paragraph 228. There he says, "The lamb is the only mediator. He was the one that come forth. And what did he do now? He had been back here interceding until his blood had atoned for every person. And the lamb now knows what's written in the book. He know from the foundation of the world the names that were in there. So he stood back there done mediator work like until the mediatorial work till everyone that's been put in the book has been redeemed and it's finished. And now he walks out. He's done his kinsman work. You know what the kinsman work was? To testify before the elders. You remember Boaz taking off his shoe and so forth. He has done all this now. Now he comes to take his bride. Now he comes as king. He is looking for his queen. Lord. Amen. Amen. In this book is the old secret of it wrapped up around seven seals. Oh brother, seven seals waiting for him to come. Amen. So the book is giving him legal rights to take this woman you like it gave Boaz the legal right to take Ruth. The taking of the book gave him the legal right to redeem you to reproduce his life in you. Right here the prophet of God is saying sorry in 1 Corinthians chapter 6:1 19 it's saying knowing not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which you have of God and you are not of your own for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's. So we have been bought with a price. The kinsman redeemer paid the price for us. Amen. Ephesians 1:13:14, I got the amplified here. He's telling us that the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost is the guarantee. The prophet calls it a down payment. Amen. Amen. He's calling it here. Amen. The first fruits. He's calling it Amen. He's calling it here the installment, the down payment of our inheritance until the redemption of God's own purchased possession to the praise of his glory. So, the Holy Ghost is the down payment. Amen. Amen. The spirit of God is is the guarantee that he will give us the rest of the inheritance. Amen. Luke 8:11. I just want to read this so you get the scripture. Now, the parable is this. The seed is the word of God. Amen. It's further down in the quotes. I'll just skip some things in. The seed is the word of God. Now, I'm going to close by saying this. No seed can grow unless it's planted in a beding ground. Amen. It must receive water, light, air, amen, to germinate your life. Praise the Lord. So, we establish the word of God is a seed. And the seed word must have a bing ground. And God has chosen you as the bedding ground for the word of God to be planted and grown. Amen. Praise the Lord. In the rapture message, Jesus wants fruit for himself. Amen. His wife must bring forth the children that he is. Amen. Bright children were children in the message second coming of the Lord. The church is married to Christ. We are the wife of Christ bringing forth children. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So now I'm going to close with this thought to tell you again and reiterate that the taking of the book gave the redeemer the right to reproduce his life in you. Amen. Because he has a right over every one of those names that are in the book. So will now you have a choice. Will you be like Vasti and and refuse it or will you come like Esther? Amen. Amen. The new queen. He's looking for his queen. He's writing a love letter to you. Amen. Telling you about the law of reproduction. Amen. So we can't just be singing I want to be more and more like Jesus. He wants to have his life in you. Amen. When it is all said and done, we will have an army of Jesus. Each one fitly framed together. Amen. Amen. Each one fitly framed together. Amen. I'll close on that. Amen. How many of you feel like it is too much of a ask? If we are feeling like it's too much of a ask or too much of a thing, then we have missed the main thing because we can't produce this. It's the Holy Ghost in us. Amen. That's doing the work. Amen. So the only thing we can do is to yield oursel to the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost, and say, "Holy Ghost, I give you full control of my spirit being, my flesh being, my soul. have full control. Yes. As I'm taking in the word, let it bring forth the life of Christ in me. Amen. Because the word that you're receiving in your heart, put it on your lips. He says, "Satan can't stand before you." Amen. Now, with that, I want you to stand together. Amen. And I want you to be able to now ask the Lord, "Am I the right kind of wife? Am I allowing you to put your seed word in me? Do you know there are some woman who receive seed and go on to abort the seed? Jesus talks about it about how the seed is sown. He says sometimes they grow a little while and then the cares of this life come and choke them up. Yes. He says some will rejoice for a little while but then other things come in the way and choke it as well. But then he says there are some seed that fall on good ground that bring forth the hundfold that starts to multiply. So the question is again am I the right kind of wife receiving the seed of God? Amen. Hallelujah. While the musicians come, I want you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. All be reverent. Thank you, Jesus. We can't expect to see a display of the God man species if we don't come as a submissive wife to him. Hallelujah. So I want you to repeat after me. Dear Lord, am I the right kind of wife who is allowing you to have redemptions right and reproduce your life in me? Amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. And as you ponder on that, I want you to examine your daily activities, your daily lifestyle, and see how if we allowing the cares of life to choke the seed word from developing in us, the kind of communications we have, the kind of interactions we have. Otherwise, you know, we can go on having church and just having good old sermons and the word not really have an effect on us. How about this morning we really take stock of our lives and see in our daily lives are we allowing the word to take root in our hearts and reproduce his life in us I don't want to go for years and years and years 10 years 20 years 30 years and see no growth something is wrong see no advancement remember she's a super church super race as she nears him amen Yeah, all the potential is is in his word that he has given us. We say we have the opening of the word then that word is sufficient to change us. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing. Let's glorify his name. Let's sing. Holy Spirit thou welcome. Welcome him into your soul now. Holy Spirit, thou art well come in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art what [Music] come on. Father of mercy and grace, thou art well this place. Holy Spirit walk by this place. Holy Spirit, thou art. [Music] Oh, and father of mercy and thou art. Oh, why don't you go and talk to the Lord now? Just worship him. Say father I can't expect to see adoption of son if I don't reproduce your life as wife oh God father I want you to have full access to me Lord Lord let your word have free course in my life oh God help me oh God to apply your word with faith in my heart oh God and Lord that your holy spirit will come upon the word and quicken it lord to life oh god that I can reproduce your very own life oh god I can lord reproduce lord that god meth species. Lord, the kind of man that Adam was supposed to be, but he died, oh God, having not reproduced his own life, oh God. But Lord, in the fullness of time, God had sent forth his son, oh God, to raise up Adam's seed again. Oh, to give us a new birth, he said, except a man be born of water and spirit, he cannot see the kingdom of heaven. Lord, Lord, are you sent forth, Lord, our Lord Jesus Christ to come as the kinsman redeemer to pay that price with your very own blood. Oh God, we thank you, Lord, for that perfect work, that perfect sacrifice, oh God, that was shed on the cross of Calvary, Lord. And we know, Lord Jesus, he conquered death, hell, and the grave. And when he rose up, he rose up triumphant and he said, "I am he that was dead and now I'm alive and have the keys of death and of hell." And Lord, all that you work to achieve, you don't keep it to yourself. But Lord, through the church ages, you were working and paying that price at Lord redeeming Lord for 2,000 years. Every name that was in that book, we find Lord now in the end time when those names were revealed. Oh God, you could come back out of the sanctuary and take the book. The inheritance, the rights for redemption was now in your hand, oh God. Thank you. But Lord, the bride was not in heaven. Thank you, Lord. The bride was on the earth. So therefore, you come now in Revelation 10 to bring the book back to the earth. Yes. To a woman, John, the type of the bride. Yes. to a woman who can now receive the seed word and eat the book, take the book and reproduce the life of Christ, now there's a God species on the earth. Now there's a God species on the earth that can prophesy again. Thank you, Lord. Tell them about redemption's rights. Oh God, how we love you, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord, to treasure that which we have, oh God. Help us, Lord, not to take lightly which we have, oh God. Oh hallelujah. We give you praise. We give you glory. We give you honor Lord. All that the prophet worked to achieve. Oh God. All the sacrifices he made. Lord, let it not go in vain. Father, I pray Lord you'll raise up a people. Oh God. You'll raise up this army. Oh God. Father. Sometimes it may seem dead former Lord. But raise up Lord that bone in that valley Lord Jesus. Raise up a powerful army oh God. Oh, raise up that super church. Raise up that super race. Oh God, Lord, I want to be a part of it, Lord. I want to be a part of that program, Lord Jesus. I want to be a part of your economy, Lord Jesus. Thank you. Oh, forgive us, Lord, where we were slotsful. Forgive us, Lord, where we haven't allowed you to work, oh God, in your full measure, Lord Jesus. And I'm praying even now, Lord, that you will do a work, oh God. I pray you will take every pride, Lord, and kill it, Lord Jesus. I pray Lord we will apply the word the token in our lives Lord Jesus that Lord we will take this word oh God and realize the reason we are not seeing adoption of sons is because wives have not taken his seed yet have not given him reproductive rights yet oh God I pray Lord Jesus that we will not worry about our shape our figure we will not worry about the cares of this life oh God but we will love Jesus Christ thank you father oh full access to have the seed word, the opening of the word to come and have effect. Not just the revelation of the word, oh God, but Lord, let that revelation come to manifestation, Lord, where we allow you to have a son again. We allow you, Lord, to bring forth your own life. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's sing. Amen. Let your word be born in the manger of my [Music] heart. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it Oh yes. and live inside this house of clay and bomb me every day. Let your word be born. [Music] One more time. Sing it out. Let your Yes, Lord. Life of your life. Spirit of your spirit, one of your [Music] word live inside this house, inside this house [Music] of let your word in the manger. [Music] Amen. Even as we prayed, do you want to be remembered in prayer? We'll also remember, amen, those that are unwell, that are not here this morning that the Lord will touch them and deliver them, bring them back to fellowship also. Amen. If you're praying and trusting the Lord and saying, "Father, more than anything, I want your Holy Ghost." Amen. That's the start, oh God. Yes. Give me the Holy Ghost, Father. and Lord from there do a further work oh God let's pray father we come before in the almighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ Lord even as your word has come forth this morning Lord it seems as if taking us a step back to bring to our remembrance oh God that the life cannot be reproduced if the wife is not willing so Lord even as we examine our own lives oh God, if we've abandoned your word, forgive us. Wash us and cleanse us. Lord, we give you full access and rights. Amen. To our spirit, our body, and our soul, Lord Jesus. Come and have the preeminence, oh God. Lord, come and be fully expressed through your bride body, Lord Jesus. Lord, if we've ended the move of God, forgive us, Lord. Yes, Lord. If we've allowed our flesh to get in the way, forgive us, Lord Jesus. Lord, if we thought that this is just some religion, forgive us. Lord, we are right at the end of the closing of the Gentile dispensation. So Lord, I don't want to be responsible for holding back anything. Lord, I don't want to be responsible, Lord, for hiding the Holy Ghost in my earth and not allowing it to have multiplication. Lord, I don't want to bind the Holy Spirit that it can't ever work in my life. Yes. So Lord, we ask you Lord with humility in our hearts to forgive us, to wash us, to cleanse us, Lord, we ask you, Lord Jesus, even as we grow in you, Lord, to our full expression, Lord, fill us with your Holy Ghost. Fill us with charity. Yes. Fill us with the love of Jesus Christ, oh God. Lord, that will be concerned not just for our own lives, but for the others as well. We love you. We appreciate you. We thank you Lord that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. And I pray Lord daily we will track our growth and our progress that Lord we'll be able to be accountable for what you have given to us as faithful stewards. We want to say here am I Lord use me. Here am I send me Lord. We pray for the sick Lord that you will touch them and deliver them and heal them. Lord we know Lord your word declares that by your stripes we were healed. Oh God. And I'm praying Lord that your healing virtues will flow through their bodies. Make them every with whole, oh God. And Father, I pray, Lord, they'll be raised up from their condition, Lord Jesus. And I pray, Lord, they'll be found in a well body once again, Father. We pray, Lord, for those that are seeking you for deliverance, Lord, for restoration, Lord, for financial, Lord, assistance, Lord. I pray, Lord, that your, Lord, your hand will reach out and be Jehovah Gyra, be Jehovah Rafa, Lord. And Lord, be our all in all. We ask these blessings now in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord.
