################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - God Purges his Sons into Character  Power without Character is Satanic - Brother Joshua Chetty - Joshua Chetty.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   God Purges his Sons into Character : Power without Character is Satanic - Brother Joshua Chetty
Speaker: Joshua Chetty
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho_dPovJBBY
========================================

Amen. You got your Bibles? We'll turn to the book of One Peter, chapter 4, reading from verse 12. Amen. There's one thing you can't get away from is the anointing. Amen. Now when the when the word comes in an anointing and it and and and it flows in a certain level and you catch the rhythm of it, right? And you stay in that in the rhythm of it because you're under the the anointing of the composure. And when you're under the anointing of the composure, then you have to sing with the tune at the beat that is going on. Amen. And you got to have discernment to catch the beats because God speaks certain things for certain reasons because what he's ultimately doing is positionally placing you. Amen. Thank you. So if the if the Holy Ghost is speaking in a certain way, you got to have discernment to catch the anointing and where the anointing is leading you. Amen. because it's leading you into this beat and you got to be in harmony with the beats. Amen. You don't want to be out of tune. Amen. So you can't leave the if if he's going in a certain tune, you can't leave that tune to go to another tune because he's taking you in a certain thing in a certain place is positionally placing you. Amen. So we're going to see where the Holy Spirit is leading us and where he's been leading us for the past couple weeks. Amen. So 1 Peter 4:12, it says, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you. But rejoice in as much as they partakers of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory shall be revealed, yay may be glad also with exceeding joy." Amen. Somebody say his glory is being revealed. Somebody is being rec Somebody say I'm recognizing that his glory is being revealed through his bride. Amen. If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye. Yes. For the spirit of glory and of God rested upon you. Amen. Where does the spirit of glory and of God rested upon you? Yes. On their part is evil spoken of. Who is there? People normal human beings of the world. People out of a faith civilization. Another civilization. You are of a different civilization. Amen. You are of a faith civilization. Hallelujah. You are a different species. Amen. And if y So God on their part is evil spoken of but on your part he is glorified. But let none of you suffer as a murderer or as a thief or as an evildoer or as a busy body in other men's matters. In other words say what is basically as you say these are people who has not have been born again. These are people who have not recognized who they are. These are people who have not come and been taken out of amnesia. They still walking after the former things. So let it not be amongst them. Right? Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, that is mean now you've come into Christ. You accepted Christ as your Lord and Savior. You baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. And now you are walking in the precepts of the word. But he says, "Now, yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf. For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God." And if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved scarcely. So this is not a lot of people. Amen. Where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator. Amen. You may be seated. We'll also turn to the book of Hebrews 12:1. Just laying down my scriptures for a foundation. Amen. Uh as you know uh these scriptures were mentioned in in a few weeks of services. Now that's why I said you got to catch where the Holy Spirit is taking you. Amen. Amen. So, and it's a beautiful thing if you catch the anointing and you're in the rhythm in the rhythm of the composure and you're moving with the beat. It's a beautiful thing. Amen. And that's what God wants. God wants his people to be in harmony. He wants his people to be in oneness and to catch the spirit of the composure. So Hebrews 12:1 says, "Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin would don't so easily beset us. And let us run with patience race that is set before us. We don't want want to be earthbound. We are pilgrims and sojourers. We want to travel lightly. We don't want to carry burdens of this of this nature of this old nature. We don't want to carry trials and burdens of this world of this world system. Amen. Because why? We are not conformed any longer to the pattern of this world. But we are renewed. Amen. In our minds we are renewed because we receive the mind of Christ. Yes Lord. So we say looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross despising the shame. And he sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds. Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin, and ye have forgotten the exhaltation which speak unto you as unto children. My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord. No faint when thou art rebuked of him. Please don't forget the exhaltation. Don't forget the word that has been preached to us. Don't forget all the word that we've been receiving, the mechanics that we've been receiving. Amen. Because come at the hour now, Amen. where it's time for for you now to all that was you've been receiving, you're going to manifest now the dynamics are going to bring the mechanics into effect. Yes. Amen. Because there's coming a time now where you're going to make this bring this word into operation. Yes. Amen. The very word that you've been eating off, it's going to come into effect. It's going to come into full operation. And there's going to be opportunities in your life when you're going to bring this word into effect. Amen. The letter kill it, but the spirit giveth life. For whom the Lord loveth, he chasten it, and scorgeth every son whom he receiveth. If ye endure endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastenth not? But if yay be without chastisement wherefore whereof all are partakers then are a bastards illegitimate children and not sons. Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh who corrected us and we gave them reverence. Now, we know a father in the flesh is correcting you mostly for his own good because he don't want you to make naughty when you're small, when you're little. He's saying keep quiet, sit there, do this, clean the house, do the things. It's for his good. Or maybe he wants to get you on the right path. But when you grow older, he's not going to chastise you. You're a big boy now. You're big now. When you come of certain age, he said, "I did my part. Now it's up to you to listen or not." He can't He can't come and do the same things. But God is different. Amen. God is doing it for your good. Amen. To bring you onto his purpose. To bring you onto his intended plan for you. Amen. Amen. Cuz God had eternal thoughts and he had the end result. He knows the end result for you. Amen. And he wanted to bring you into the perfect plan. Yes. Yes. You was walking out of the perfect plan. But he allowed that because you had to go along your life's journey. You had to go along your path. But in time and season, he knew how to bring you back. Amen. If he had to use the rod of chastisement, he would use it because he knew that rod wouldn't kill you, but he'll bring you back on the on the right path and he'll bring you to appreciate what he what he has in store for you. Amen. So, we give reverence to earthly fathers. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits? Can you see there what he's doing right now? What the scripture is doing? One is making earthly father referring to your flesh. One father of spirits to the real you now because only why you were a supernatural being. You're a spirit man. You're trapped in a flesh body. Amen. But now he's now he's bringing you now to the real father, the father of spirits and showing you the real you now. Amen. and live. For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure, but he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. Amen. So you see God already the scripture is taking you back to the real you. He's coming to take you now outside the message of the hour. Nobody knows this. Nobody focus on the real man. Amen. Everybody focus on this on this earthly body on the five senses. Amen. But the six sense and the real man when you the the real soul within you. Amen. That where the gene of God is. Amen. That the one that is now wants to be expressed out of you that wants you to bring because it's by faith when you're hearing the word. Amen. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word. And the word that you are receiving is going to bring expression to the gene of God. that's within you. Amen. And the faith word that you're receiving, the revelation of the word is making that inward man grow and grow until it brings complete expression that that is going to dominate and bring this fleshly man under subjection. And this fleshly man is no longer speaking. But the man that is within you, the spirit man is speaking through the flesh man. And who dwells in the flesh man? In the spirit man, it's the Holy Ghost. It's the dwelling place of the Holy Ghost. It's a control tower. It's from there he navigates your life. It's from there where he's your guide. But you got to have allow him to have lordship. You got to allow him to have dominion and to have control over you. You've got to how you how do you do that? You come to full repentance where you come to humble yourself. You come to consecration to him and you come to full surrender and you yield yourself unto him. Amen. He's not going to force himself onto you. You've got to yield yourself to him. You've got to allow the Holy Ghost to have control over your life. If you want to see the blessings of God in your life, then allow the Holy Ghost to have full control, full access to you. Amen. Don't give him partial access. You've got to give him full access. Amen. But don't worry, God knows how to deal with sons. If you are son and daughter of God, God knows how to whoop you into shape. He knows that he's doing it for your profits. He's doing it for your own good. Amen. He's not for just for his pleasure, but for your own good. because he says for the present seemth sorry the chastening for the present seemth uh now no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous but grievious so you wouldn't understand it sometimes why you think that firstly god has blessed me with his beautiful job he's given me all his good finances and all his great blessings and there you are going down your own paths there You take a different journey now. Now you forgot now that God has blessed you with all his inheritance and all his good blessings. I'm just giving you a practical example now. And God says, "Yes, my son. I put my son on the earth for a purpose. I have a plan for my son." And my son now has received all his all his blessing and he thinks that's the end result. when these are temporal things. He's not seeing it through how I'm supposed to see it. He's not seeing it through my eyes. So, what God's going to do, he's going to make he's going to bring you to a point where you'll humble yourself. And he will chastise you because our chastisement is not like the world. The world goes into judgment. Our chastisement is to correct us. Our chastisement is because of election. His elective love. His correction for our own good to bring us unto the purpose. Because why? God's purpose must be fulfilled. Amen. Nothing will stop God's purpose. Amen. God knows how to bring his sons to that purpose. Amen. So you can go where you want to go, do what you want to do, but he will know how to bring you. Amen. You can never run away from a from the presence of God. You know what happened to Jonah when he went to Nineveh? God has to still bring Jonah back to his purpose. Amen. So the it it doesn't seem good. It seemed grievous. Nevertheless, afterward it yielded the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. Amen. So a little title I'm just speaking on this morning. God purges his sons into character. Power without character is satanic. You know the prophet spoke about that. So we know that God is bringing you into power. But power without character is satanic. Why is he saying satanic? Because Satan had power in heaven without character. He was in a position of power. What I say position meaning he was made in the highest form of angelic beings in a way that nobody was so beautiful as him in angelic form. And he had this but he had pride. He didn't have character. He had pride. He became proudful, boastful. Amen. But God knows that sons of God, he doesn't deal with him like that. Amen. Satan was not a son of God. Amen. He was a created angelic being. You always was in a back part of God. You come from God. Hallelujah. He's a created being. Amen. But you are from God. You are part of him. Amen. So God don't deal with you like that. So he's bringing you into power and you must come to power because he has this for you. He has this inheritance for you. All this was for you. Amen. His entire plan of redemption from Genesis to Revelation has been revealed now has been open to us through the opening of the word was all just for you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. But he in you all he's going to bring you and mold you into character. Amen. In you are he's going to purge you. Amen. Romans 8:17 says, "Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh. For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die. But if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, in other words, you bring it under subjection, amen, to the word, ye shall live. For as many as are I led by the spirit of God. Now there's only a group of people only specific or peculiar selected elected people on the earth that are led by the spirit of God. Nobody in this day can say they are led by the spirit of God and miss the shout. Yes. Outside of the shout, they are not led by the spirit of God. Amen. So only sons of God can be led by the spirit of God. So many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. You might say, "Brother, but people are prophesying in in God's name and prophecies are coming to pass." Yes. He said, "Many shall come in that day and said, Lord, have I not prophesied your name? Lord, have I not cast out demons in your name? He said, but depart from me workers of iniquity. I know you not. They have not come under union. Amen. And if you don't come under the union, you've been taught that because when you only when you come under union, sons are produced. Amen. Through the union. Amen. So for ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. They can't cry aba father. We cry aba father. Jesus cried aba father. What that means? It's a relationship. It's a closeness to do the will of the father because you want to do the will of the father only for you to say aba father means father let your will be done not my will but your will be done it's a relationship it's a respect and a reverence that you have to go because you can't say that you love god in this hour because many are walking around saying I love Jesus I love Jesus holding pluckards and so forth and when the and uh people come against them, they're saying they're being persecuted. But that same people who saying they love Jesus, ask them if they can be obedient to his word. Because he said if you love me, you will love my word and my word will not be grievious unto you. You cannot say I love Jesus. I love Jesus. But don't love his word. You persecute his word. You crucified his word again in this day. So to call out abba father is a closeness. It's only for sons of god. Amen. Not as anybody can become a son of god. No no no no. It's by election by his predestination. Amen. You had to always be a son of god. Amen. You had eternal thoughts of god. Hallelujah. Amen. So you can't just be put there and then neither can you be taken out of there. As a son of God, you cannot be taken out of the equation. Amen. So you have a choice. We have a choice. We can follow. We can do the will of the father. We can be about father's business or we can go wayward. But but remember if you go wayward father will chastise us to bring us back. Amen. Because he loves us. Not one of these will be lost. Amen. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear but you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. The spirit itself bear witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then hes heirs of God and joint hes with Christ because he is the firstborn of the new creation. Everything that Christ inherited we inherit. Amen. If so be that we suffer with him that how do we suffer with him? You become Christlike. You take up your cross. You follow him. Amen. And you you take his word. You love his word. You appreciate his word. You don't reject his word. Despite the odds, despite no matter what, you will take God at his word. No matter what situation you are in, you will be obedient to his word. You will not reason with his word. Amen. You will not argue with his word. You will not doubt his word. You will not be like the fundamentalists who who know the word, but they argue with the word. They reason with the word. Amen. And if children and ears of God and joints with Christ and so be that we suffer with him that we may also be that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory. Amen. Which which shall be revealed in us. Do not worry about temporal sufferings. Do not worry about temporal circumstances and situations. This is where God wants us now to look beyond a circumstance to look beyond our canality. Amen. You might be looking at sometime a situation happens in your life and then you start to reason that maybe now you you want to cause some trouble. It causes some trouble with some people. But these are carnal things. You need to look beyond that and have discernment. Amen. And recognize that you're a son and daughter of God. that you are here on a mandate and Satan uses circum he uses your bad circumstances to come in and inflict more nonsense in your life. Amen. That's why he says now he wants to purge us because he is the vine. We are the branches. That's why sometimes we need some pruning in our lives. Amen. Amen. Some branches need some purging, some pruning because why? Now this is a fruit time, right? This is the harvest time where the fruits are showing. Now you go to the shop, you got different classes of apple, right? But all are apple. Maybe you look at apple. Let's let's take apple for example. You look at apple. Not all the apple tastes the same. There's different categories of them. But they all are fruit and the apple. We're talking about apple. Now we're not talking about just say one fruit that tree produces apple. But you get different categories, different classes of apple because sometimes in that branch it might have a lot of leaves and looks very nice and have lots of fruit in it or lots of leaves in it and the branch gets heavy. But the right husband man or the farmer, he knows that he must prune that branch if he wants quality apple. If he wants to produce quality apple, he's going to prune that branch. And yet there's other branches that you say, "Look at that branch. Lots of leaf, lots of fruit in it. See how nice?" But you take this apple, this one with less apple, it's much more better quality. Just like that. God needs to prune us out of all this worldly systems. Yes, maybe there's there there's people in our lives that's that's very toxic in our life. There's relationships in our lives who we need to get rid of. There's it might seem nice that we're having a good time. We have good fellowship with them. They're good company. They seem to be good people. But it might not be what God wants for us. When God called Abraham and was taking Abraham to his purpose, he had to leave everything behind. And the purpose was only fulfilled when everyone when all the baggage had to come off. When he pruned Abraham off everything when God was taking Joseph into perfection, he had to leave the household. Amen. He had to leave the brethren. Well, he actually sold him away. But it it was God's purpose because God's purpose had to be fulfilled. Sometime it's going to be you and God alone. Sometime it's going to be a quiet journey. Amen. It's not going to be always around people. Sometime God wants to have you alone because you never have a personal back of the desert experience. You've been around maybe in church too much. Maybe you've been around in fellowship too much. But God wants you alone. He wants you to make a commitment, a personal commitment. And sometime God going to have to throw you right down. He might have to throw you on the hospital bed if he has to. There was a time when Billy Paul was having his experience in the world but God had to bring him on the hospital bed for him to come and repent truly repent to God. So each of us have to go through that journey. Each of us have an appointed personal ex time where we have to make that commitment to God. a personal surrender to God. Not because a husband is doing it or the wife is doing it or I'm pressurized by the pastor to do it or I'm pressurized by my family to do it. No, each of us got to make a personal commitment to God. Amen. So God is not raising us as children that are just spoiled. You know what spoiled brats are? Children just get everything they want. I'm not talking about babies now. I'm talking about children. You know when they're coming off age and they spoiled. They still want to get everything they want. They don't take responsibilities. But he's raising us sons to share his throne. Amen. This is a kingdom we're talking about where he's making us kings and priests where he ordained for us already before the foundations of the earth to be kings and priests. We can't come to him a hazardly. We are not God don't cause us to serve him a hazardly. Amen. Because for sons to come to adoption means they're going to tutors. They're going to choose us to discipline them. You're going through disciplining in your life. That's what the Holy Ghost is doing. All along our journey as we were m getting the word, the Holy Ghost was bringing us bringing us to his word, bringing us back to his word. Every time we step out of the word, he brings us back. He brings a situation to bring us on our knees, bring us back in line with the word. Amen. He's always there to do the checks and balances because judgment must begin in the house of God. That's why he's given us a word. A word that comes to whoop us into place. Amen. This is not a wishy-washy gospel. You can go around the world and find people call themselves Christians, different places as churches preaching and and just preaching a good message, making you feel a feelood message. This is not a feel-good message. This is a message showing you to who you are, who you really are. That you a son and daughter of God. Amen. That you are eternal beings. That your purpose is not to be on this earth. But there's a new world to come. Amen. So God is preparing you now on this earth for that earth. Amen. So we know that God before he gives us power, he molds us into character. Amen. As the prophet said that character is a victory. Amen. It's not a gift. It's a victory. Let's just read that quote. See if I can get it. Okay, let me just read this quote here. He says, "As Job said, he put strength in us." Job 23:6, he said, "You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience by the things that he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered." Hebrews 5:8 and9, he said, "Though he son, yet learned obedience by the things which he suffered, and being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him." In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. This is what he's saying us. The very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering. that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. So you see the end result is perfection. Amen. Why did he want this? James 1:24 says, "My brethren, count it all joy, when ye shall fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have a perfect work, that ye may be perfect, an entire one thing, nothing." Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to18 he says and if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ if so be that we suffer with him that we may also glorified together for I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. That's what we just read. Now unless we suffer with him we cannot reign with him. We want to reign with Christ. Amen. No, that is God's plan for us. It's not something that we asked for. It's something that he ordained for us. Amen. Amen. He ordained that we will reign with Christ. So he will bring us the suffering to per he will bring us this purging. He will bring this character that he wants to perfection. Amen. So count it all joy. Amen. That is why when you know the end of the story, when you know the word by faith, which is faith is a revelation, when you have a revelation and you understand it now, then you know how glorious this is. Amen. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory shall be revealed in us. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. I'm just echoing the word that was already preached to you. The reason why it's just bringing emphasis to it. Amen. But power without character is fit to rule. He already said us that we are meant to rule with Christ. Amen. We are meant to reign with Christ. Then that's why he's giving us character now. He's saying power with character is fit to rule. So you can't you got to have power to reign with Christ. But you can't have power without character. But if you once you got character and you got power then you are foot to rule. Amen. Then what it what it means? Then he shall put then all things are under our feet. Amen. Cuz that's where we coming to. Amen. What was in the beginning, Adam had all things in subjection to him. Amen. He was the highest form. Amen. On the earth and all thing was under his feet. Was subject to Adam. He was the God of the earth. You become f to rule. Amen. You come to dominion again. Back to the original condition. Amen. So he says a man without character can reign because power apart from charact character is satanic but power with character is foot to rule and since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and he sat down in his father's throne then we have to overcome to sit with him and the little temporary suffering we go through now he is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. That is what he means by when you say tribulation and suffering now in this time. It's not just you must suffer in this life. What he means is you can come to full obedience to the word. No matter in this age where they hate this word, in a age where this word is despised, you can stand with this word. Amen. Amen. No matter how much persecution you go to for being a Christian, where you can go in the midst of sinners and and be able to say, "I am a Christian. I cannot indulge in the things that you indulge in because I am a Christian." Even when you when you got unbelieving families and maybe and they're worshiping idols and say no I cannot indulge with those things that you are word because I am a Christian or you having this this worldly things in your house and you're having this worldly show. I cannot come to this worldly show because I'm a Christian. Amen. Amen. These are the tribulations that you'll go through. The suffering that you have to go through is when you have to stand with the word. Amen. when all men shall revile you and speak evil of you for the word's sake. Amen. So he said, "Think it not strange concerning the fiery trials, the fiery trials that are to try you." That is what Peter said. Is it is it strange that God wants to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? No sir. And we all have trials. We are all tried and chastened as sons. Not one, not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried as in got it. It isn't of God. Hebrews 12:6 and 8. You wonder sometimes how people these churches and they they they they're living in the world. They they they whole they're not being obedient to the word of God. They preaching their own gospel. Yet they they prosperous. They increase to goods. They are blessed because their time of judgment has not come yet. But you go and do one wrong thing and see how the Lord will chastise you because you are a son and daughter of God. You try and walk out of the word of God and see if the Lord don't deal with you. You can go. The world is here waiting. The world has lot to offer. Try and go and experience the world and see if the Lord if you are chosen of God. If you are selected to be a son and daughter of God by his election, see how long you can stay in that way. See how long you can stay in sin. You won't be able to do it because why? The minute you even think evil, the Holy Ghost leaves you. And see if you can live without the Holy Ghost. When you experience living with the Holy Ghost, see if you can stay without the Holy Ghost. You can't live without the Holy Ghost. I know what it is to have not have the Holy Ghost. When you got the Holy Ghost, you cannot live without the Holy Ghost. Amen. And you do something wrong, you think wrong, you pray him back. Amen. Amen. You can you'll even go on your knees and cry to him and say, "Lord, I cannot live without you." Amen. Amen. If you know what it is to have the Holy Ghost, you cannot live without the Holy Ghost. You'll feel lifeless without the Holy Ghost. Amen. Now he says, now the special condition in Smyrna, he's speaking in this this this message in the SMAN church age book. Now he says, now this special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. So what this condition is going to test going to trials going to purging. Amen. Going to sufferings. He said it must be applied to every age. There is no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. Love suffereth long and is kind. Matthew 5:11-12 says, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad, and great is your reward in heaven, for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." Amen. He says in the message the evening messenger he says God has always counted character not members. So you wonder today whether we are looking for a lot of members. He says God has always counted character. See when he's counting people are counting how many members they got. But he is counting character not members. And today we do vice versa. We count members good dress, well prayers instead of character. Eliza sweated it out until he found character. That's right. Who would he get? And he trusted God. Character for what? Character for Isaac. Didn't we have a Eliza in this day? Character for Christ. Amen. The bride which the church is a type of. You know that that was the natural seed of Abraham. This is the royal seed of Abraham. While if Aliza the messenger hunting the bride and trying to find character, if that man is come a messenger of the last day trying to find the bride of Christ, he will not look for a denominational membership. He will look for character that's willing. He says watch good character first. Then first his good character then to get her ready to meet Isaac after he found the character then get a stand long still long enough to listen to the message. So he said that's the messenger of the last days the evening light is first find the church will they believe the message that's what we we did when the shout came did we reject it there was something in us that made us believe it there was character in us amen that made us identify with that character amen there was something in us that made us identify that character and then we have stayed long enough to to eat the mechanics and the mechanics and the mechanics. We are long enough to eat the word. And now after eating the word, we are right now at the time to meet Isaac. Our Isaac. Amen. We're going to see him face to face one of these days. All that we've stayed long enough to listen to. Amen. The greatest love story ever told. Amen. And all that he has for us and all this great inheritance that he has for us. Amen. In the message of testimony on the sea says God have mercy on us. If we are the sons and daughters of God yet we are an alien in this life. God is looking for character from men and women who can conduct themselves as sons and daughters of the king. God have mercy on us that we'll we will do it. That's what I am friend I'm after friends character. That's what God is pulling for character. That bride that will be taken out as sons and daughters of God. Let's act like it be sons and daughters of God. God help us. Amen. In John 15, he says, "I am the true vine, and my father is the husband man. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he take it away. And every branch that beareth fruit, so there's going to be a branch that beareth fruit, he purge it." So you don't just want fruit. Amen. You want quality fruit. You might say, "I'm just a Christian. I believe the message. I believe the message of the hour. I'm a Christian. I come to church. I'm bearing fruit. I believe that. You can see the fruit in me. I believe the message. I don't deny the word. But are you quality fruit? Are you an effective ambassador of the kingdom of God? While you on this earth, are you displaying that you are son and daughter of God upon the earth? Are you quality fruit or you just fruit? Are you satisfied just to be fruit or you quality fruit? Well, the hour has come where he has to purge now. He has to prune you. Amen. And bring you into quality fruit. Because he says here, "And every branch that beared fruit, he purged it that it may bring forth more fruit." You see, he wants abundance of fruits. Amen. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. abide in me and I in you. As a branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine. No more can yay except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me, and I am the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, yay can do nothing. You see, you got to abide in the vine. You got to stay under him. Amen. And he gives expression, he brings life to the fruit. Amen in the in the in the in the message, the approach to God, he says, "Now, if you ever notice how that when the disaster struck Job's home and the children was all killed and everything and all Job had was destroyed, God wasn't rebuking Job. He was only purging Job." Amen. I like that word, a purge. You might say, "But Job lost everything. He lost his children. He lost his family. How can that not be a bad thing?" But he says here, he wasn't a rebuke. It was a purge. The branch that bears fruit, then God purges it. That it'll bring forth more fruit. The trouble of it is we think sometime God's angry with us but he's only trying to purge us that will bring abundance of fruit. You see where God is doing it? Sometime we go to certain things God is taking off certain things of us. He's purging us. He's taking off things that is not going to be quality in our life. You know, maybe he's taking off certain type of relationships, certain types of things that we do, and we maybe we think, but there's nothing wrong with these things. But God is bringing you to the position that he wants to use you effectively. He wants you to have the fullness, the abundant blessings that he has in store for you. Amen. But you are looking at temporal things. You are looking at earthbound things. But God is bringing you to greater things. So he says then God purges it then he'll bring forth more fruit. The trouble of he thinks God's angry with us but he's only trying to purge us that we'll bring the abundance bring abundance of fruit giving us a few trials. The Bible said that they worth more to you than precious gold. Did you ever know that every son that cometh to God must first be tried? Whooped. Child whooping correction. It's not easy. When God gives you whipping, you go out here and say, "Well, I'll mingle around a little bit." God will give you a real oldfashioned spanking for it. And I tell you, if we had more of that in the natural today, we'd be have better children. God wants his house all straightened out. So, he gives you a little whooping so you can get straightened up, makes you love him more. Because what God wants to do, he wants to make you foot to rule because he's bringing you to maturity. Because you can't come as a you can't you couldn't come to adoption without coming to that stages of coming to correction, coming to chastisement, coming to tutorship. Amen. But when you're now adopted, you are now fit to rule. You are fit to analyze affairs where now you don't have to say in my father's name because you're holding the father's authority. Amen. You are speaking in the first person because when you speak the father's authority is behind you. Amen. The father's authority is backing you. Amen. Because why? You have the rightful place to do that. Amen. It's just like you know we If you look at the story of David, we know that David, he was already anointed by Samuel when he was young, right? But he was not yet approved. He was already anointed by Samuel because 1 Samuel 63 speaks of it. Then Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brethren. So he was chosen by God. He was anointed by God. Yet he did not step into power immediately. God took him first to the wilderness. Amen. And then we know that he was going through his experiences. Then one time he's hiding from Saul and he's he's going for refuge in the caves in Edulum. But all this time was it was David's humbling time. He he he couldn't go to to the palace. He couldn't go to any other place. But God is bringing him in a cave. He's bringing in a place to humble him that he could learn enough that how powerful an anointing is that even when Saul was out of touch of God. Amen. When when Saul was was now God has despised Saul, but yet you could say he couldn't touch God's anointed when he even had the opportunity to take the kingdom from Saul. David could have taken the kingdom by force, but he waited for God's time. Amen. Because what God was molding his character, it was God's training ground. We know when when when he was with Goliath there, when he was in a wilderness with the with the lion, with the bear, and so forth, it was God's training ground for him. When he was with Goliath, it was God's he became now recognized throughout Israel. Amen. He was like a hero to them. But instead of going to the throne, God put him now into exile, molding his character more and more. Amen. But when the time was right in Psalms 1971, it says, "It is good for me that I have been afflicted that I might learn thy statutes." He had to learn the ways of God. Amen. So what he was doing, David learning humility before he was going to be king. Before he became crowned king, he was now learning humility. He was learning patience. He was learning how to have mercy because he even spared Saul's life when he could have taken Saul's life. And he became totally dependent on God. So God was purging David. He was what he was doing giving him a heart of a shepherd king. Amen. giving him when he was going to be ruler there because from David from that kingdom amen he was going to come as son of David again amen through that lineage amen there was going to be a different kind of lineage amen it was going to be a lineage that through that lineage he will come and use that name of that lineage amen so put his son sometime to dark places he puts us to some wilderness experience he puts us in isolated situation sometimes Because God wants us sometimes to come out of the cave. God wants us to come out of the situation a different person with a molded character. Amen. To be more and more like him. And he wants us to become more and more dependent on him. Not dependent on ourselves. That's why the apostle Paul said, "Thy grace is sufficient for me." So you find that David refused to take the kingdom of force even when he had the chance. 1 Samuel 26:23 says, "The Lord rendered to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness, for the Lord delivered thee into mine end today, but I would not stretch forth my hand against the Lord's anointed." So he knew when the appointed time was. Amen. You ready for God's timing. That's why God has given us this word and we know the prophet has said certain things will happen when at the opening of the word. What will happen? How does the bride will come into this divine nature and come into a certain position and and how she will be able to do the greater works? But there had to be a molding. There had to be a chastising. Amen. We can't just come just receive something haphazardly. No, you had to go to truthship. You're not going to be come and doing the greater works without coming to adoption. He's going to entrust you. To entrust you with power, he had to bring you into character. Amen. He had to make you fit to rule. Amen. Amen. So, I believe that God has been dealing with us. I know there's there's too much we can, Pastor Eden, there's a lot we can speak on the subject and it just goes more and more and I have a lot here, but I don't want to get too much into it, but you can see it's packed. It's power packed and uh but what God is doing right now, it's a hour where God has been molding us through the years. He was forming us into his image, into this Christlike image. Amen. through the preaching of the word. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word. So if you want to experience the things of God, you got to eat of the word. Amen. There's two things that are important. Prayer and the word. Amen. Prayer and eating of the word. To be spiritually strengthened to recognize that there is a spirit man that's growing. Amen. The spirit man depends on prayer and on the word. So you find that God has been dealing with us not like the people of the world but as his sons because we are not from this civilization. We are from a faith civilization through Jesus Christ. Amen. The firstborn of this new creation. Amen. By him and through him were all things created. Even this faith civilization come by him and through him. Amen. out of Christ, outside of Christ, there was no faith civilization. It comes through Christ. Amen. So by him and through him were all things created. So he's been molding us. The Holy Spirit has been dealing with us. You got to catch the spirit of the composure. If he's doing this, he's showing you that he's building your character for a reason because he's going to release a power upon the church. Amen. He wants to release a power. Amen. And he cannot do that to everybody just like that. You've got to come through the tutors. Amen. And the tutors are the Holy Ghost working through the five-fold ministry, giving you the word to bring you up, to mold you, to shape you. Amen. To bring you into a position, into the position that you're supposed to be in. I can't be in your position. You cannot be in my position. Amen. If you was meant to be a housewife, that is your position. Be the best housewife that you can be. Be the example like that lady who had a husband that was an unbeliever. He was a drunkard. He had friends who were alcoholics. And one day when they were talking about that they couldn't find a Christian woman, a true sorry, a true Christian. Anyway, then it came then he started coming to himself like the prodical son. He came to himself. Now he's coming to a realization of what he really had. He came to the realization that he had the pearl of great price. Amen. Amen. He had his pearl of great price. But he treated it anyhow. But when he came to the realization, he told his friends, I know a true Christian and I will show you today a true Christian, a person of true character. Amen. And believe me, brother and sister, she possessed the power. She possessed an anointing because she could create an atmosphere. Amen. when he went there with his friends, a character that was already molded through her sufferings, through her trials through that character, through the years that she was being molded into this character when those friends came there and it began to become worse. The trials began to become more worse. Amen. The situation was so intense and so bad. But yet because the character was molded through patience. I mean she she she she she molded patients through the years and she molded his divine nature. She created such an atmosphere that anointing swept through the room and they began to realize that there's a true Christian and he himself began to see the worth of his wife that he had in his house the pearl of great price and that's the anointing that you and I possess that the world will see that through you and I. God bless you. [Applause]
