################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-18 - I GIVE IT TO YOU🔥 | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 30-03-2025 🔴 LIVE - Adrian Gengan - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-18
Title:   I GIVE IT TO YOU🔥 | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 30-03-2025 🔴 LIVE
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSZu_pqtPvA
========================================

Amen. He's wonderful our father. Amen. And there's no one you can go to this morning. Amen. To our father. And how blessed we are to be in our father's house this morning. Amen. He has a table spread for us. Healing, deliverance, whatever it is you want this morning. He's got it all. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, I bless your name God. I get excited sometimes. Lose myself. Amen. Amen. In his presence. Amen. He's so wonderful. Amen. I don't know whether you remember two weeks back, brother Joshua preached on. Amen. Speak to those bones. Amen. Do you remember that? Amen. Do you remember that? Amen. Amen. And truly, Amen. You know, many times you see me battling with my legs. Amen. My joints, whatever. And when I was listening to what uh Joshua was preaching about, I said, "You know what? I'm going to tell the servant of God, Amen, to pray for me. Amen. And believe me, the prophet says when when healing takes place, it's gets very severe. Amen. Because what what happens? It tries to put a doubt in you. Amen. And last week, Sunday, we uh we having lunch here. It was even worse than what I experienced that week. Amen. And brother Joshua can testify about our battling to get up. You remember Joshua? And you know I trust in the Lord. Amen. Because I always go think back about what our prophet said. Amen. Our prophet is just not an ordinary man. Amen. Amen. So because whatever he speaks, Amen. is God speaking. And I said, Lord, you know what? This is what our prophet said. He's going to be severe and he's going to, you know, because I'm thinking I'm going to get crippled. Amen. I'm being very honest to you people. Amen. Because during that week I had some very very bad encounters with the enemy. Amen. Tried to put some doubts in me and tried to bring some, you know, very funny stuff into me. Amen. But I just trusted the Lord. So that one Thursday night I couldn't u I see the whole room. I'm alone and you know it's all turning around me. I couldn't stabilize myself. It's all because of these things here. So the evil forces are not leaving you. Amen. They're only you. You know why they're holding you? You have the word of life in you. Amen. Amen. It's scared you. When you part the word of life to somebody, you quickening them. You come with a quickening power. So uh yeah. So last week Sunday, I was very finding very difficult to get up. And I said, "Devil, you know what? The servant of God has prayed for me. The word of God declares that the prophet has said what I'm going to experience. So you just let go of me. I'm tired of you. And you know when I come to worship here, I don't want to play here. I don't want to play. I like dancing. I like lifting my hands. I like shouting. I like I like because I'm in my father's house. We in our father's we have we have freedom. Amen. Even at home, we have freedom. We can worship him. So I said, you know what? I don't want to stop dancing with with even with those joint pains. I just shake my legs. Amen. Lift my hand. Amen. And you know what? I want to tell you brother, this is you know we can we have changed partners. I've changed my partner. Amen. I dance for the Lord this morning. When I was in my young days, I used to dance for Satan. So tonight, this morning, I just thank the Lord this morning for precious brothers and sisters for also remembering me in prayer because I don't know there's a songwriter says there's somebody praying for you. Amen. Amen. So remember that there's somebody praying for you. So I just love the Lord and thank you. I thank you all and I love you all. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. We going to call our sister Kim forward. Amen. Who's also going to bless the Lord this morning. Amen. So we getting a triple treat this morning. Amen. Song itms and giving thanks to the Lord. Amen. How many of you like to give thanks to the Lord? Appreciate him for his goodness. Amen. I greet you all in the precious name of Jesus. Um it was a while back where pastor mentioned that um if you have a gift you should use it um because um God can easily take it away. So I thought about it and uh I started practicing the song. Not even 2 days or so I ended up getting a very bad throat infection. I couldn't even swallow water. Um and I was like the devil really doesn't want me to sin and glorify God's name. Apostle also mentioned that we like to blame the devil for everything you know. Um it is hard with kids to sing um because they do worry but that shouldn't be an excuse to give God praise and glory. Um I recovered from the throat infection and maybe a week after uh Judah ended up getting a throat infection as well. Um he wasn't eating, he wasn't drinking any milk. The pediatrician actually wanted to admit him in hospital to put him on drips. I said no. He continued to pray. He was on his antibiotics and he recovered. So I said, "Can't be the devil. Maybe it's God's putting me in a test, you know, to see whether I'd give up or continue practicing the song to sing." There after when he recovered from the throat infection, he ended up getting a viral infection which is contagious. Thankfully, he wasn't in so much pain, but I had to stay at home um because you could pass it to your other kids. So he recovered from that and um this week when I was practicing the song the sinuses started to act up nose started to block but I stand here victorious today. Amen. And I don't want to miss out another opportunity give God praise glory for everything he's done in my life and my family's life. Amen. I hope the song is a blessing. Every time I try to make it on my own, every time I try to stand, I start to fall. And all those lonely roads that I have traveled on, there was Jesus. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. When the life I built came crashing to the ground. When the friends I had were nowhere to be found. I couldn't see it then, but I can see it now. There was Jesus. [Music] In the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been, and where I'm going, even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it. There was Jesus. [Music] Thank you, Lord. What a friend we have in Jesus. Amen. Grief to bear. What a privilege to [Music] carry everything to God in prayer. In waiting, in searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a lasting buried in the broken pieces. every minute, every moment. Where I've been and where I'm going, even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it. In the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hiding, like a blessing, buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been, where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Jesus has always been there every step of the way. Amen. We're also going to be blessed this morning with a song by Sister Karen. [Music] God bless you, saints. Amen. I'm hiding behind the speaker today. Amen. I'm blessed with the testimony and the song. Amen. I didn't know Sister Kim was going to sing today, otherwise I would have not. I was very blessed. I pray that you'll be blessed with a song. [Music] Amen. So sweet to trust you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. just to take you at your word. just to rest upon your promise. Just to know thus says the Lord Jesus, Jesus, how I trust you. How I prove you are all Jesus. Jesus, precious Jesus, his heart will trust you, Lord. I'm so glad I learned to trust you, precious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art with me will be with me to the end. Jesus Jesus, how I trust you. I prove you are and all Jesus Jesus preious Jesus is for I will trust you more because Jesus never fails. Jesus never fails. You might as well get thee behind me. Satan, you cannot prevail. Jesus never f I know that Jesus never [Music] [Applause] fails. Jesus never fails. You might as well get deep behind me. Satan, you cannot prevail. Jesus never fails. He never [Music] fails. The end. He's never fail. Jesus Christ has never failed me. There's one thing I know that's wherever I go. Jesus Christ has never failed me. Can you join me and sing if this is true for you? He's never failed me. He's never failed me. Jesus Christ has ever failed [Music] me. There's one thing we know that's wherever they go. Jesus Christ has never failed. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Worthy of all praise. He's never failed us. Amen. Let's stand to our feet even as we get ready to hear the word of the Lord. Amen. He's wonderful. He's worthy of all praise. Amen. Let's sing. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Amen. Because he lives I can face [Music] to all fear is gone. All the earth [Music] is and I know yes I behold and life is worth and life is worth [Music] angels because he lives. Let's see that again. Because he lives now at this time. I give praise to God. Oh, [Music] because Oh, he's gone. Oh, God. Oh, yes, Lord. And because I know Yes, I know. Behold the future. Life is worth and life is worth and living because he is. Let's sing that one more time. Because it is. Because it [Music] is I can face tomorrow. [Music] I know I know. Oh yes, I know. [Music] My future life is worth my [Music] living. Hallelujah. Amen. It's worthy to be praised. Father, we thank you, Lord, that because you live, we can live also, Lord. And Lord, all that you achieve, Lord, you share with us, Father. You're a loving heavenly father. And we give you praise this morning, oh God. We come before your throne of grace and mercy this morning. Lord, confessing our wrongs, our faults, and our failures in word, action, or in deed. If we have displeased you or failed you, we ask you to forgive us, Lord. We ask you Lord Lord to apply the blood of Jesus Christ upon our lives and wash us and cleanse us and purify us oh God. I pray Lord that you would take away everything that's not of you Lord. Lord our own thoughts, our own ideas, oh God. And even as we come around your word to focus on your word now. I pray Lord that you'll speak to us through your precious word. May everything be said and done to bring you great glory and great honor. We ask these blessings now even as we further continue in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to be found in the house of the Lord to worship him and to give him praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thankful. Amen. For those song items which do you enjoy it? Amen. The song specials. Praise the Lord. If you say amen like that, they will never sing again. Did you enjoy those song specials? Praise the Lord. You need to encourage one another and Amen. They'll prepare more songs for you to sing for you. Amen. And give glory to God. You know, there's something about talents. We were speaking about that last week. Amen. People think that uh whatever God entrusts to us that he want to hold us accountable. But in Matthew 25, he says he's coming to hold us accountable. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to read something to you quickly if you can find it in deep callth unto the deep. Amen. Deep callth unto the deep preached in 1953 1104. If you get to paragraph 27, Amen. It says there if you given a gift and don't use it for the glory of God, then God's going to make you answer for it at the day of judgment. But I mean the bride, I mean the say he's going to pull you out and call you and ask you why you never use your gift. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you're given a gift, don't use it for the glory of God. God's going to make you answer for it at the day of judgment. That's also mismanagement of offices as well. That's right. Hallelujah. If God entrusts you with a special office and you you taken the undertaking to do that, we need to fulfill it to the best of our ability and not casually. Right? He goes on to say, he says without any reflection. Now, he's talking about a man that's using his talent for the world. He said, I hear not long ago called peace in the valley. What a mouthless voice. But what is he using it for? God would require that. We had Steuart emblem. Amen. That was singing here. There is no there is it is no secret what God can do which was taken first place in all songs in the nation. Beautiful won many souls to Christ. God makes us answer for our talent. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I thought I'll just read that to you. Amen. To tie in with last week's message because maybe you thought I was just being uh a miserable pastor was asking you to do stuff. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's turn to the Bible this morning. want to speak uh and just title this I give it to you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That becomes the language that we ought to be speaking. Hallelujah. In first person, I give it to you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We go to the book of chapter Acts verse one. Now remember, you can only give what you have. That's right. Acts chapter one. But now our Lord Jesus, okay, let's go to verse seven there. Amen. Our Lord Jesus is fixing to leave the earth. Amen. He's about to ascend to heaven. He's about to change dimensions. And here, maybe go to verse six and see what they're telling Jesus here. Right? When they therefore came together, they asked of him, Lord, what will be at this time? What will thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel? What are they looking for? A kingdom in the glory of Solomon and like David and they want a king again. Yes. Imagine Jesus is fixing to to leave the earth and that's the question they're asking him. Watch how Jesus switches their mind and pulls them to what they should be focusing on. Yes. Amen. Next verse. He said unto them, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons." Why you asking me silly questions like this? Yes. Because redemption was not to restore a king in Israel. They asking when you going to restore a king in Israel. Jesus is telling them that's not for you. Because redemption is not to restore a king in Israel. It's to restore mankind back to its original condition. Amen. So he's going to focus them and tell them what they have really come for. He says which the father put in his own power. And next he goes and he says, "But you shall receive power." After the Holy Ghost has come upon you. Amen. That's what I have come to do. I am going away so that one might come to give you power. Amen. And you shall be witnesses. Now, anybody that's witnessing or evangelizing or going forth can't go without that first part having received power from the Holy Ghost. If he's going out, he's going in his own will. Amen. But he must be an Holy Ghost fil power. Amen. Filled Christian that goes out and you shall be witnesses unto me in Jerusalem, in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth. The Lord had blessings with the reading of his word. You may be seated. I want to get to Acts chapter 2 there. Hallelujah. Amen. Sorry, Acts chapter 3. Let's get to Acts chapter 3. We'll deal with Acts chapter 2 some other time. Amen. Acts chapter 3. Now Peter and John went up together in the temple at the hour of prayer being the 9th hour. And a certain lame man from his mother's womb was carried whom they daily whom they laid daily at the temple which is beautiful. Now if you read further in chapter 4, Amen. It tells you that this man was 40 years old. And we're just reading they laid him daily at the temple. So this man was also laying there when Jesus was around. Everybody understand? This man was there when Jesus was around. But you know like how Jesus healed a man at the pool of Bethesda. There were hundreds of people around but he healed one man because this man was not supposed to be healed under Jesus ministry. He was left for greater works to come. Hallelujah. Okay. So he's laid daily at the temple which is called beautiful to ask arms of them that entered into the temple. So you must ask to receive. That's the kingdom principle. Ask and you shall receive. Amen. Seek and you shall find. Knock and the door shall be open. So there's a part for us to play in accessing kingdom principles. [Music] Seeing Peter and John going into the temple asked and arms and Peter fastening his eyes on him upon him with John said, "Look on us." Amen. Amen. And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them. Then Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have." Amen. Amen. I'm packing a power. You shall receive power. Amen. I've got this power and I'm sent to release the power. Such as I have. Give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And he took him by the right hand. Sometimes people need assistance. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't just speak. Sometimes they need an assistance. Their legs are weak. Amen. You need to go there. Reach out your hand. Pull them up. Don't be scared when you're praying for people. You're praying for a paralyzed person. You're praying for a crippled person. Stand there till you see the power of God manifest. Sometimes we just want to speak the word and walk away. That's not what Peter and John did. They spoke the word and they assisted a man to see the miracle come to pass. Thank you. Amen. I'm speaking this so that we learn these things. Took him by the right hand, lifted him up and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. Amen. So there must be an action part to it. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Only when they took him, picked him up, it says immediately his legs received strength. Thank you, Lord. So, I say when we pray for you, check yourself. Thank you. Check your leg. Check your hand. Check the part that you having problem with. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Bring faith to activate. Amen. Let it activate. Amen. Praise the Lord. The word of God is packed with power. Amen. It's packed with promise. Yes. Amen. Amen. And he leaping up stood and walked and entered with them into the temple walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people saw him walking and praising God. And they knew that it was he which set for arms at the beautiful gate of the temple. And they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him. Amen. Now, I want you to know when when Peter, the same Peter preached in Acts chapter 2, there 3,000 souls got saved. Amen. At this miracle, because healing is a bait. Amen. At this miracle, Amen. There was also a number of people that came. Amen. Let's just get to that. We can read it there. Praise the Lord. In Acts chapter 4, verse 4. Amen. Look at this miracle now. How be it many of them which heard the word believed. And the number of men was about 5,000. So 5,000 came to the Lord Jesus Christ because they saw this man get healed. And watch straight after Peter healed or or prayed or spoke over this man and and God healed this man, he starts to share the word because they said by what power have you done these things? Praise the Lord. Amen. Verse seven there. And they that had set them in the midst asked, "By what power or by what name have you done this?" Then Peter filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Watch now. Every time you get an opportunity, the healing is for you to share the gospel. Amen. Amen. said unto them, "You rulers and of the people and elders of Israel, if we this day be examined of the good deed done to the omnipotent important man, by what means he is made old, be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him, do this man stand here before you hold." Amen. Don't just give one word answers. Amen. Who is this man? Jesus. Amen. He's sharing the gospel. You crucified him. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he raised from the dead. Watch in a few sentences. He's sharing the gospel. Yes. Amen. This is the stone. Now watch. We are living in no other age, but this is the coming of the headstone. The age and time we are living now is the coming of the headstone. Amen. This is the stone which was set not of your builders, which is become the head of the corner. Neither is the salvation in any other, for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled, and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise the Lord. In verse 22, this is what I was talking about earlier. It tells you, "For the man was above 40 years old." I'd like to tell you, I was telling you this last week, that this was the 41st year of the man. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. 40 days, Goliath taunted the children of Israel. But on the 41st day, David came into the army. Amen. This man was now 40 years old. But on his 41st year, Peter and John come to bring deliverance to him. Praise the Lord. Yes. Amen. Amen. I want to read 29 because I I this is important for us to go on. And now, Lord, behold their threatenings. So, this is Peter now praying. Grant unto thy servants that with all boldness they may speak thy word. Amen. by stretching forth thine hand to heal, and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus. And when they had prayed, the place was shaken. Oh yes. Amen. I I like to be in that kind of prayer where the praise is shaken. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And where they were assembled together and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and they spake the word of God with boldness. And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul, neither said any of them that ought ought of the things which he had possessed of his own, but they had all things in common. And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and great grace was upon them all. Amen. I say that the bride of Jesus Christ carries a great grace. Amen. Great grace is upon us all. Amen. because thy headstone has come down with shoutings of grace. Grace. Amen. So I say a great grace is upon the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Everyone feeling good? Oh yes. Amen. So we see that when when Jesus ascended, he told him, I'm going to give you power. Yes. Amen. He was going to give them a power. Yes. Amen. And I want to say this, amen, that what we are talking about, the real question we are asking is, is this the time for sons of God to be manifested? Yes. Amen. When are we going to be adopted and speak with the authority of the father? Amen. No other time or no other season, but now. Amen. Maybe you were excited to be called a bride. Good. Maybe you were excited to call the wife. Good. But you were called to reproduce the life of Christ. Amen. Amen. That's the ultimate goal. We were called to become sons and daughters of God because that's what we were predestinated unto. Amen. It's good to rejoice that we are the bride. I'm happy for you. You were called in. I'm happy for you that you were made part of the marriage ceremony, but that's not it. We must take the seed word. And the seed word is now going to reproduce the life of Christ. God don't want a powerless church. God don't want a defeated church. God don't want to educate the church. God has come to put his power back in the church. Amen. What good it be if we explain the Bible. Amen. But we can't see his word made manifest. They took note that these men had been with Jesus. I said, "How about us?" I say it's time people took note that we had been with Jesus. Lord, let the effect of the opening of the word have its full effect upon my life. I don't want it just for theory. Amen. Hallelujah. So that's what we are asking. When are we going to manifest? When are we going to speak like God speaks? When are we going to walk like God works? When are we going to behave like God behaves? Amen. Amen. Do you know nature itself is groaning? You can read that in Romans chapter 8. Nature is groaning for you to become a son and daughter of God with authority. Because animals are going extinct. Pollution is all over the earth. They are saying free us from this. The corruptness of man, industrialization and and and all pollutions are polluting the earth. So nature is crying out hey what's the matter with you all nature is groaning crying in travail and the Bible says that we grown within ourselves because we can't stand to stay in this kind of an atmosphere we were not built for this kind of an atmosphere an atmosphere of doubt an atmosphere of fear an atmosphere of depression an atmosphere of sickness amen we were built for perfection ction. We were built for perfect climate. We were built for another time and season. Amen. So, we are groaning within ourselves to get back to that condition. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Come on. We got to break through barriers. We got to break through spiritual frontiers. Now, we were called for such a time as this. We were called to position the church on the sides of the north. Amen. We were called to take on invading armies. We were called for this time and season. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. People are fearful to speak. Amen. You find people are afraid in this time and season. The prophet prophesied and he said that people will be gone insane. They need to see psychologist upon psychologist until the psychologist needs to see another psychologist. Insanity has Amen. Grasp the old world. Oh yes. That's right. Amen. I say you don't need to see a psychologist. You need the word of God in your life. The word of God is transforming power. My word is spirit and life. Amen. Spirit and truth. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So what we are looking at is the headstone age that we are living in now. This is the age of the capstone. Amen. And I don't know if you're believing that the capstone is coming at a future time after the rapture is gone. The headstone is coming now upon sons and daughters of God to fit so perfectly with his bride, to fit so perfectly with his church. Amen. Until you can't tell them apart. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's coming to fit so perfectly. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now, we we can read there in Ephesians chapter 1. I don't want to read it, but it talks about the mystery of his will. It could be one nine. Maybe you can if you can find it where it talks about the mystery of his will. You can put it up so they can see it. So God's will for our lives is a mystery. And I can't come to you and tell you what God's will for your life is. I am not a prophet. Right? But God has a will for each one of you. Amen. God has a plan for each one of you. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you get to my notes, you can probably find where the prophet is speaking about this. He says, "God's will is a mystery." Amen. And each man has to seek out the will of God for his or herself. Amen. That's right. Must the pastor seek it out for you? He's saying each man must seek out the will of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's the very first quote there. Amen. God's mystery. How do we find out? Paul, it was known to him. He said he didn't confer with any man, no flesh, blood. He went to no school, no seminary. He had nothing to do with it. It was revealed to him by Jesus Christ. Amen. Who met him on the road to Damascus in a light in a pillar of fire and it called him and he went to Arabia and dwelt there three years. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. He says God since the beginning of the world predestinated us unto adoption of sons. So watch what he how he progressed so far. Now he said God wants each one of you to find the will of God. Then he's telling you that the will of God is for you to be a predestinated son and daughter of God. Lord, did you get my notes, brother? Amen. It was the very first quote after the scripture. Amen. God since the beginning of the world predestinated us unto adoption of sons. Now the whole creation is groaning waiting for manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. In the message adoption chapter 4, it's the next quote there. He says, "Now he said he made known unto us the mystery. Get the Holy Spirit on you sometime and start running that and watch how it goes." It's a mystery that's been hidden since the foundation of the world waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. So once you get the Holy Ghost, the mystery is revealed. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you know that people don't can't understand the question? I'll ask you this question. Why was the Holy Ghost given? What is the purpose of the Holy Ghost for you? Why give you the Holy Ghost? Amen. Why give you the Holy Ghost? You can ponder on that. I want to read in adoption chapter 4 there where he's speaking about from verse 18. Amen. So you you can't find any of these quotes on my notes. Maybe I sent you the wrong notes then. What notes did I send you? Did it start off with uh Acts chapter 1:8? Yeah. So that's the same notes. Amen. So let's get to the quote that I want to read there. It says, "Tell me, brother, tell me my sister, when was the time that sons of God was ever to be manifested outside of this time?" Now, he's asking a question. Yes. And now I know that we only have brothers and sisters here. We don't have inbetweens. So the prophet is asking you a clear question. Tell me brother, tell me sister, when was the time that sons of God was ever to be manifested out of Is this on? Can we take this off here? I think it's squeaking in. Just pull this out here. blood outside of this time. Now, amen. He says, "When was there ever a time for sons to be manifested outside of this time?" Amen. When were there ever a time in history there was to manifest the time to deliver all nature? Yes. Amen. Yes. Don't walk past a sick bird. Deliver nature. Amen. Don't walk past a sick apossum. Deliver nature. Don't walk past a dead fish. Deliver nature. Amen. Amen. Nature. The nature itself is groaning, waiting for the time of manifestation to be made known. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. It had to wait till this time. Amen. Amen. Tell your neighbor this time is not 60 years ago. Now all things have been brought coming shaping up to a Watch how it brings a thought now to the headstone. Did I not say we're in the headstone ministry? The coming of the headstone has already happened. Shaping up to a headstone to the manifestation of sons of God coming back and the spirit of God coming into these men. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] I pray that we don't have a denominational or let me not say denominational. I pray we don't have the Holy Ghost that fell on Isuza Street. Hallelujah. There's a difference between the Holy Ghost that fell at Isuza Street and the Holy Ghost that's poured out now. Yes. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So watch what Holy Ghost you have. Do you have the Isuza Street Holy Ghost 1906 outpouring or do you have the Holy Ghost that's come via the end time message? Can you recognize your day and its message? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The spirit of God coming to these men so perfectly. Watch now until their ministry will be so close like Christ till it will join him and the church together. Amen. Now if I join something together so perfectly you won't be able to tell it apart. Brother Brandon says you can't even put a razor blade there. That is why they looked at the prophet and they asked him are you Jesus Christ? I say when are they going to ask us? Amen. Amen. Amen. If we are so joined with the headstorm, so joined with this pyramid that's come down. Yes. So joined brothers, I think we need to move those speakers forward. We can't have it so close here. Amen. Praise the Lord. So close. Amen. So fitly joined together that you can't tell it apart. Amen. I must not be able to tell you and Christ apart. Amen. Amen. The works that Jesus did must you do also. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. What does he say now? So perfectly until their ministry will be so close like Christ. Amen. till it will join him and his church together. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. It will join his church together. Now, if he joins his church and his brothers, can we finish this quickly now? You are disturbing me. If it is joined so closely together, how can we be asking, "Lord, I want a closer walk with you. Lord, come Lord Jesus. Are we praying mindless prayers? Yes. Amen. Amen. We coming to the pastor here. We feel so spiritual. Come in the prayer line. What you need, sister? Brother, I want a closer walk with the Lord. How can I give you a closer walk with the Lord? When brother Brandham is telling you, if you want a closer walk, read your Bible and pray. So, what you are coming and you're telling me to pray over you so that you can read your Bible and pray, I can't force you to read your Bible and pray. Amen. Hallelujah. If I want to spend more time reading my Bible, what must I do? Make time to read my Bible. If I want to pray more, what must I do? Make time to pray. So, I don't want to see any one of you that's sitting here today come into the prayer line and tell me, I want a closer walk with the Lord. Does that make sense? It's your walk. Yeah. In fact, what closer walk you want when he's supposed to be in you? It's funny, Sunny. Yeah. It's not God above us. Amen. People want Jesus and he walks with me and he talks with me. They wanted Jesus of 2,000 years ago. Jesus walk with me. He don't want to walk with you. He wants to be in you. Amen. Amen. Yes. Don't nullify what Jesus did at the cross. Don't nullify what he did when he said, "I'm going to give you power." You know what the people want? They don't want the Holy Ghost. They want this gentle Jesus to walk with them when they seek him as heal them. They want him with them. Hallelujah. But Jesus don't want to be just with you. Jesus wants to be in you. Amen. I say it again. This is not the time of God above us. This is not the time of God with us. This is the time of God in us. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. He says we're at the capping of the pyramid. Amen. We're in the book of Revelation at the last chapter. Science says we are 3 minutes to midnight. Amen. I don't know if if maybe we feel like we've got years on the earth. Maybe we feel like, oh, there'll be another generation, maybe multitudes of generations coming after us. How do we feel? He says, you know, the pyramid was never kept, right? Why wasn't the capstone put on it, the headstone on top of it? Because he was rejected when he come. He was a rejected stone, but it will be kept. And then those stones that fit around that head stone and if you can identify that you're one of the stones footing around the headstone, then watch what his expectation is of us. It says when those stones that around the headstone Oh, I'm so glad that I'm one of those stones. Amen. Amen. Where's my picture? Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. I am one of the stones that's going to fit this headstone. That's fitting this headstone. I am footing this head stone. Are you part your footing the head stone? Watch what he's saying. Will have to be stones that be so completely like this stone. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The mighty angel coming down, shoutings of grace, grace. The stone that's going to unite with this, he said, will be completely like this stone. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That'll fit, joint, and everywhere. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. I want you to know adoption is for one day. You can't keep calling yourself adopted son. You always were a son. The adoption ceremony is for one day. After that, your title is back son. Amen. Yes. Amen. Come on, somebody else. Praise the Lord. Yes. If you're calling yourself adopted son, meaning you are either in the process or you only recognize yourself by that title. This adoption is not like me taking somebody else's son. You were born in the house. God placed you under the tutotorship of the Holy Ghost. That's right. He's going to lead you and guide you into all truth. Amen. Then he's going to come and give an account for you. That's right. and say, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Go to the nations of the world and prophesy again." Amen. After that, you don't go around and they say, "Who are you?" "Me? I'm an adopted son." No, they're waiting for manifestation of sons. It doesn't say they're manifestation of adopted sons. Yes. Like I was telling you, the bride comes into the marriage ceremony, she don't leave there as bride. She leaves there as wife. Amen. So you come to the adoption ceremony for the adoption, but now we are the manifested sons and daughters of God. Hallelujah. G. Praise the Lord. I I I I I don't know. Amen. I can't apologize for the word, but I'm saying if this is not for you, then I don't know what you're doing here. This is not Jesus loves you. Jesus died on the cross for you. This is to bring sons and daughters back to their original condition. I am crying out to get back to my original position. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. So, Brother Romesh, when I look at you, I I can't be able to tell you if you are the headstone itself or you're the stone around the headstone. Amen. Is that what the prover is saying here? The stones that around the headstone will have to be stones that'll be so completely like that stone. Yes. Amen. Amen. Perfect. So I can't now now that the headstone is come I can't even if I take a razor blade I won't be able to find the ceiling point. When I'm saying ceiling I'm not talking about this ceiling. I'm talking about s e a l. This is not like tiles where you can see grout. Wonderful. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. I pray this is okay this morning. Yes. Amen. Amen. Then he goes on to say, "The pyramid is so perfect. You can't run a razor blade between them where them stones get go together. Such beautiful masonry. Some of them would weigh hundreds of tons up in the air. So perfectly set together. That's the way God is bringing his church. Yes. We fitly join together one heart and one accord. Now, if you know, if you saw yesterday, if you if you're looking at this guy Pierce Morgan uncensored or if you're looking at news in the last week, he just had a story about it. Even now, they are probing about the pyramid of Giza. If you don't know what that is, that's the pyramids Enoch built. Go see it there. They are now saying that there's something there are foundations under the pyramid. Well, we always knew this this gospel is built on the foundations of the apostles. Doesn't the Bible tell us that this pyramid city is built on the foundations of the apostles and the prophets? So, they made a startling discovery that beneath these pyramids could be foundations. I say that's nothing new. That's God's second Bible. Amen. Amen. In fact, we live in a time period where God's three Bibles are visible to us. That's right. We can look up at the heavens. That's his first Bible. We look now at the pyramid of Giza, Enoch's pyramid, second Bible, and we have the written word, God's written Bible. Amen. Praise the Lord. Civilizations will pass away. Yes. But I tell you, he said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word, first heaven, my word, pyramid, my word will never pass away." Hallelujah. So they are talking about foundations beneath the pyramid and the Egyptian government will never ever approve them to dig around those pyramids because they make millions and millions on tourism. Right. But you know how those pyramids came out. That's right. Amen. Two things were being built in that time. One is written in the word and Enoch was given blueprints to build an ark to take them over the tribulation period. But Enoch is a type of the bride. Amen. And the pyramid was built in silence. Hallelujah. Under the silence of that seventh seal. Amen. Hallelujah. They don't know how it's there. Yes. If you go to the church world today, you ask them, "How is this pyramid city being raised up?" It's being built in silence. Amen. Under the silence of that seventh seal, a mighty army is raising up. Oh yes. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's move. We got to come to our main point. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. In the next quote there, he says, "Now notice that the coming of the Lord Jesus is so close at hand." Amen. until the spirit from way down in here just barely justification sanctification baptism of the Holy Ghost. Watch now what's the fourth part I say this is Luther justification sanctification is Wesley baptism of the Holy Spirit that's the sides of the Jordan that's 1906uza street but he says and now right into the time of the coming of the headstone we are now right at the coming of the headstone right Amen Amen. I say it again, not a future coming. The headstone has come. Amen. To unite with the body. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's move. Amen. Hallelujah. The church has got to be so Am I at the right place? Yeah. The church has got to be so perfectly like Christ until Christ and the church can unite together the same spirit. And if the spirit of Christ is in you, it makes you live the life of Christ, act the life of Christ, do the works of Christ. Thank you, Lord. He that believeth on me, the works shall I do also. See, now we're going to have we got a ministry coming that's just exactly like the life of Christ. Amen. What does that ministry identify? The life, the coming of the Lord. Amen. Pay attention to what he's saying now. He's saying, "Son of man is going to be revealed through a prophetic gift." And he's saying, "What is that going to do?" It's going to tell you that it's the coming of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Then he's also going to go and tell you, I'm I'm laying these things because we're going to hit our highlight now. He's telling you if you have been given an inheritance, you can't just go and take your inheritance. Somebody has to come to lead you to your inheritance. Somebody has to come to read the will to you. Somebody has to come to detail your inheritance and take you to your inheritance. Amen. Very quickly, let's see how he's bringing it out. He says he has predestinated us unto this inheritance. If I if I'm a right inheritance of something, if God is knocking at my heart saying, "William Brandham, I called you a long time ago before the foundation of the world to preach the gospel. I have an inheritance, an inheritance of eternal life. Now God sent Jesus to make that inheritance real to me." Amen. Because there was nothing I could do to inherit it. Yes. Right. Even if it was valid, there's nothing I could do. But in the fullness of time, God sent his in his own good time. Jesus the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. His blood was shed that I may go to my inheritance. Thank you, Lord. To be what? What inheritance? The sunship. Oh, I thought he was going to say bride. I thought he was going to say wife. He says our inheritance is what? Sunship. Amen. To be a son of God. Now this may choke you to death. Please somebody just check that your neighbor's not choking there. Just check there quickly. Everyone's breathing. Okay. Tell them say amen. Let me hear you breathe. Amen. Hallelujah. But did you know that men that are sons of God, how many of you are ready to be choked now? Watch. Don't choke me when he's going to tell you this. How many of you know that men that are sons of God are amateur gods? Amen. Amen. Glory. Amen. That's right. Amen. How many of you ever know that? How many knows that Jesus said so? Jesus said, "Did not your law say that you are gods?" Amen. Amen. God said in Genesis 2 that they were gods because they were at full domain over the and dominion over the world. He gave him dominion over all things and he lost his godship. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain and Satan took it. But brother, we are waiting. Amen. For the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over again. Amen. Didn't he just say it's time and season now for us to take it back? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He's going to go on now. Amen. We're getting into some nice stuff here now. Waiting for the fullness of time. Now, every time you hear the word fullness of time, he's talking about the seventh seal. So, under the seventh seal is the right time for the sons of God to be manifested. Amen. When the pyramid gets up to the top, are we at the days of poor faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience? Are we where at the top? Yes. Have we already established we've been united with the headstone. Amen. Amen. So then we we know where the property is taking us now. When the pyramid gets up to the top when the sons full sons of God will be manifested. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I the reason why this message is coming across we have too many delinquents who don't want to take on the responsibility. So we're coming to shake you. Amen. shake you back to position. Shake you back to realization. What is this? Thundering voices coming to take away the amnesia to put you in your ought to be condition. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brothers who are rejoicing right now, keep rejoicing. Amen. We need to take the debt out of the church. Amen. We need to take the lukewarmness out of the church. Amen. We need to position people, Amen. Place them in the ought to be condition. People may not like it. They want the service to end right now. But God is coming to position the church. Amen. To let you know you're a son and daughter of God. God is bringing this thing to a climax. And at the climax, we can't have wishy-washy people. At the climax, we've got to have sons and daughters of God. We've got to have a super church. We've got to have a super race. We've got to have an invincible army. Look at the word he's describing. The people at the top. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We will come and take it over again, waiting for the fullness of the time when the pyramid gets to the top. When full sons of God will be manifested, when the power of God will walk out and we'll take every power. We'll take cancer away. We'll take heart disease away. We'll take sugar diabetes away. We'll take high blood pressure away. We'll take leukemia away. Amen. will take lung disease away. We'll take kidney trouble away. Take it back from the devil. Yes. Now, when I'm reading this, how many are saying, "That's me talking about." That's me he's talking about. Amen. Amen. Take him down. Amen. Yes, sir. Take every power that Satan's got away from him. Yes, sir. It belongs to him. Now, he's talking about in the next, if you don't catch it, he goes quickly to Melzdc. He's the logos that went out of God. That is true. That was the son of God. Then he made man that little God. Amen. Turn to your neighbor. Say, "Call me little God." God. Yeah. I say certain things, certain ways for it to stick in your head. Call me little God. Amen. If they call them who the word of God came to. If they call them gods, who the word of God came to? When you try that day, did the word of God come in fullness? Oh yes. Did the word of God come to you? And you are gods. Amen. He told Moses, "I made you a god, even your prophet. I may act like a religious crank, but I'm not." When your eyes can come open and see those things, he made man a god, a god in his domain, and his domain goes from sea to sea, shore to shore, he has control of it. Amen. Now let me just get this misunderstanding away. You are not a god a capital G to be worshiped. You are not a capital G to take glory. God is manifesting himself through you. So he gets the glory. And when Jesus came being the one without sin, he proved it. When the winds blowed, he said, "Peace be still." When the tree said, "No man eat from thee." Verily, verily, I say unto you that little gods, if you'll say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart. But believe what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you said. Amen. So I'm saying Mark 11:23 is to to be operated by little gods. Amen. And have not the Holy Spirit been laboring since 2023 to establish Mark 20 11:23 in the hearts of the people. Amen. To operate as a living as a little God. Amen. Then I love verse chapter 80 there paragraph he says go right back to Genesis to the original. What is it? Amen. Amen. Not the world. Now the world and nature is groaning. Everything moving for the manifestation of the sons of God. When true sons Yeah. born sons, Amen. Amen. Phil sons speak and their word is bet. Amen. You have the betting of all of heaven. Amen. Be words coming out of your mouth. Yes, Lord. The words is back. I believe we're on the border of it right now. Yes, sir. Say to this mountain, yes. Amen. Brother, I desire so and so certain thing done. Now, watch, church, we've got to bring certain things to manifestation. And in order to do that, we've got to allow Amen. and have the confidence in what the word is saying about us. Amen. Amen. Where you going? on your knees. Because when we realize God has the preeminence in his people, it's God in us. Yes. He says, "I go to my brother." Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I desire so and so a certain thing done. I'm a believer in Jesus Christ. Amen. What does the brother say? I give it to you. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's the title of my sermon. I give it to you. Amen. Oh yes. Now you can never bring that out of me if you never ask me. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Come on now. God and his people a super sign. Yeah. Amen. The word made flesh again in you and I. Amen. Watch. We always wondering what will the manifestation look like. If you ever want to bring Romans 8 to pass, this is how you bring it to pass. Going to read it again. Brother, I desire so and so. I'm a believer in Jesus Christ. I give it to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He says there's a manifestation. Hallelujah. Amen. So the reason there's been no manifestation, who you think he is? I must go ask him. Amen. Because if you he say I you feel so important. Hey, why you don't come ask me? Because I want my name to be fleshed in lights. Yes. You know, we're living in a carnal time. Even in the messy circles, it's my church and your church. And who can do things greater than the others? Nonsense. We are one body. Amen. That's why we can't see the power of God move. There's division and separation and all kinds of things. Amen. We need to get rid of that nonsense. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. How are we going to bring a manifestation? By asking somebody. Okay, let me bring it another way. You're expecting God to ask you something. I have need of this. Who has needs? Does God have needs or people have needs? Did the men laying there asked Peter and John? They had a need and then they saw a manifestation. When are we going to learn this principle? Brother, pray for me. Pray for me. Well, why don't you ask me? I told you we were there in Zimbabwe and his brother. Amen. after preaching the meeting, he said, "Brother, I want you to pray because I have this, this, this." I said, "Brother, do you want me to pray for you or do you want me to give it to you?" Amen. Look at me shocked now because I'm activating another anointing. Amen. Another gifting. Amen. Amen. We can pray for you. No problem. But then it's according to your faith. Yes. Yes, brother. I have need of this. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Brother Caleb, I have need of this job. Just uh Amen. Janice, I have need of this job. Well, I give it to you. Some of us may stress and worry. Am I going to get it this? But did you hear what I said? I give it to you. Amen. Oh brother, my crops are burning out up yonder. I haven't had any rain. So now there's fire and no rain. Yes. Who is he going to? Fire brigade. 911. What is the emergency? My crops are burning up. I need some water. Send helicopter support. Who's he going to? Hey, I'm talking about sons and daughters of God here. Yeah. Who's going to manifest Romans 8? We in severe conditions. Fire and no water. Praise the Lord. Yes. Amen. Now, you can't call the Phoenix Fire Station. They don't have water in Phoenix. You know, be in problem. Amen. I'll send you rain. Amen. Amen. In the name of the Lord, there shall come. Oh, waiting, groaning, all nature, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. God ordained it at the beginning. He gave man the domain. I say if he gave us a domain, how about we take control over the domain? Amen. He gave Jesus and Jesus gave it in his name. Yes. With this assurance, ask the father anything in my name and I'll do it. Waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God, the position, the church. As I said, the book of Ephesians is the book of Joshua. Now watch, he's going to detail something here. Now Joshua placing the people where they belong. Now, if they won't stand still, I think that's been the problem. Yes. People don't want to be placed positionally. They don't want to stand still. He says if they don't want to stand still, he put Ephraim over here in Manessa's land. Right. And this one would come back fussing and stewing. How are they ever going to get along when one saying I'm a Baptist, Methodist, Pentecostal, oneness, tunist, thus and thus? How you going to do it? Stand still. God is wanting to place his church, the sons and daughters of God. Now, when a tree is growing, you can't take a tree when it's outgrown and go plant it somewhere else. Cory Tenboom said, "Grow where you are planted." Yes. You can't take a plant that's half mature, fully mature, and try to replant it somewhere else. It got accustomed to the environment. Yes. Amen. So he's saying God is wanting to place his church, the sons and daughters of God. God let me live to see it is my prayer. So close I can feel it with my hands. Wait for the time when walk down the street. There lays a there from his mother's womb. Silver and gold have I none. Oh, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. God will make himself known. Now watch when they'll stop sickness. Amen. They'll stop cancer. Yes. They'll stop diseases. Amen. Yes. Who will be making themselves known? God. Yes. Somebody say after me, God will make himself known. And I'll stop sickness. I'll stop sick. I'll stop cancer. I'll stop cancer. I'll stop diseases. That's what we are striving for now to get in and be positionally placed into the kingdom of God before these horrible plague strike. Oh God, the dispensation of time, fullness of time, the inheritance. So what are we saying? We need to stop proclaiming we adopted because an adopted son writes checks like his father. Yes. So I'm saying let me see you write a check for me. Yes. So I'm saying the adopted son fired who he fires and he hires who he hires. He starts to operate like his father. His word is as good as the fathers. Yes sir. So I'm saying let's move past the adoption ceremony. Let's get into operation of the word. Amen. Let's get into manifestation of things. Amen. Thank you Lord. Praise the Lord. I want to get to the next uh thing there. But in paragraph 37, the next quote, but I want to drop down to paragraph 37 there. Right. He says, "Jesus proved he was the right kind of son. God took him up on the mountain. His garment shined. Supernatural thing." Yes. Right. He says, "That's the thing that God wants to do to his sons here on earth someday. He will call you aside, church." I say this morning, he's calling you aside. Yes. Amen. If you'll obey him and stay on the word and believe it, he will place into the church before the coming of Jesus. He will place into the church all the powers that Christ had in him will be in the church. Amen. Yes. Thank you. All that was God, he poured into Jesus. All that was Jesus, he poured into the church. God wanting his work done, he sent it to his son. God wanting the work done, sent him to his church. At that day, you'll know I'm in the father, the father in me, I in you, you in me. At that day, because the same power of God was in Jehovah God that rested in Jesus Christ, the same power that rested in Jesus Christ rest in the place sons and sons in the body of Christ. Amen. Same power. Amen. The same power that laid in the Lord Jesus lays in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. In the next paragraph there, he says, "There'll be a power put into the church." Amen. Amen. Yes. There'll be a power put into the church. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's move uh to the next slide. Maybe it's there. Amen. Praise the Lord. There'll be a power put into the church and now is coming in that the Holy Spirit. Okay, we're closing now. Pay attention to this. Amen. A power put into the church. The Holy Spirit will so anoint the people till they speak the word and it'll create itself right there. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, it will create itself.
