################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-08 - Fathers Day Message  Pastor Adrian Gengan  15-06-2025 - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-08
Title:    Fathers Day Message | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 15-06-2025
Speaker:  Adrian Gengan
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JbQtbUDQx0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Dad, God's masterpiece. God took the strength of a mountain, the majesty of a tree, the warmth of a summer sun, the calm of a quiet sea, the the generous soul of nature, the comforting arm of night, the wisdom of the ages, the power of the evil's flight. Then God combined all these qualities when there was nothing more to add. He knew his masterpiece was complete. And so for the dad [Applause] Yeah. Good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Good father. It's who you are. It's [Music] who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. Happy. [Applause] Amen. Amen. You been blessed this morning so far. Amen. Amen. We serve a good father. Amen. Amen. And we are only a reflection of what he is. Amen. Hallelujah. We like to call our sister this morning for bless the Lord in song. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] I've done everything to make you turn away. I'm indeed to your goodness. I don't deserve your love. You took everything [Music] and threw it all away. I know this is forgiveness. This is the story of how I sinking [Music] in the sea, never to rise again. That's what you've done for me. Oh, what a friend. My God, you never end. Father and friend who forgives and forive. [Music] I came broken hearted with shame of my mistakes. But you show me your compassion. You were any of my trust every [Music] try to change my name. Oh is a reason I don't answer. Tell him the story of how my sins are sinking in the sea never to rise again. That's what you've done for me. Oh, what a friend. My God, you never let you're my father and friend who forgives and forget. The story that you wrote and the story that I know are not the same. God you right every wrong first is my only song I give you praise. The story that you wrote and the story that I know are not the same. [Music] God, you writeed every wrong. Mercy is my only song. I give you praise. Because my sins are sinking in the sea, never to rise again. That's what you've done for me. Oh, what a friend. My God you never let father and friend who forgives and for [Music] my God you never father and pray for [Music] Amen. Greetings in the name of Jesus. Amen. Good to see everyone in the house of the Lord. You may be seated for a few moments. Amen. Certainly appreciate every one of you. Amen. And how many of you enjoyed the Sunday school item on the song? Amen. Song special. Amen. That was good. We thank sister Kim. Amen. for coordinating that with the kids and all the effort she's making towards amen helping the Sunday school children. Amen. In the things of God, Amen. scriptures, Bible stories and all of that. And she's using some of her own resources as well. So, we thank you for that ministry as well. Amen. How many of you love the Lord? The greatest father of them all. Amen. People think that God is Amen. just the father. But that was an attribute of God. Fatherhood is an attribute of God. At first he was Elohim. Amen. He existed all by himself and all by himself he was able to sustain the entire universe. Because he is all sustaining. That's our father. Amen. So we love our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We know how he's revealed himself to us. Amen. So we are just thankful for him. Amen. So we welcome everyone of you in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Our brother Luke, Sister Crystal. Amen. Let's welcome them in the house of the Lord. [Applause] Amen. No strangers to us. Amen. So, we welcome them. We pray they'll be blessed in the house of the Lord. We also have Amen. With us, our brother Jared back. Amen. And I don't know his uh his young lady's name. What's her name? Annie. Let's give them a hand. Amen. As they come into the house of the Lord to worship him. And then we have some young men here. We know Liam well. You probably don't know us or don't remember us. Amen. But that's Keshan's son. Let's welcome him. Amen. Then I believe Desire's son is here. Is that You look a lot like Desra. You must be Desire's son. What's your name, boy? Ezekiel. Amen. Welcome. And Colleen's cousin. Is that your cousin? What's your name, boy? Shaden. Amen. Let's give them a hand and welcome them as they come into the house of the Lord to worship him and give him praise this morning. Amen. So, we're thankful. Amen. What did I tell you a few weeks ago? God is doing a thing with young people. Amen. Did I not tell you that last week or the last service? Because God is turning and he's calling back his children back to the house of the Lord. Amen. He says, "Behold, I will do a new thing. Remember not the former things, but Amen. remember I'm doing a new thing." So, welcome. Good to see you, Liam. Amen. And I knew you last as a little baby boy. Amen. And uh I don't know if you know but you were fellowshipping in this church. How's mom and dad? They well. Amen. Pass our regards to them. Amen. So also bring greetings from brother Subashian. Amen. And his family. How many of you miss them? Amen. He said wish the fathers a happy father's day. Amen. And we look forward to when they will be reunited with the church. Amen. I believe they're just out on a short little release to Johannesburg. But we going to pull them back. And we pray powerful prayers. We can pull you back in the spirit realm first and then you just got to come. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we greet every father a happy father's day. Amen. I know that you are rejoicing because you are the source of your family. Amen. You are the sustainer, the strength of your family. So I pray that you'll have a blessed day. Amen. Let's sing a song before we get to the reading of the word. Who's our oldest father here? Is it between brother Sunonny and brother Abbne? I don't know who's older. Sorry, brother Sunny's older. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, he's our eldest father here who's reaching 70s here. I know brother Willie is about 69. Amen. So, we have some seniors here amongst us. Amen. So, we greet them in the name of Jesus. So you are how old brother? 73. Okay. Praise the Lord. Let's put up the first song. Let's sing a song together. Amen. Let's sing a song and worship our father. Amen. If you want to stand, you can stand. If you want to sit, you can sit. Amen. Let's just sing a song and worship him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you thankful? Amen. That God has given us songs to worship him. I'm probably going to give brother Sunonny five minutes to come and greet the church. Seeing he's the eldest father here. He can greet the church. We love him. We respect him. And we'll ask him, Amen, to come greet the church as well. Amen. Uh maybe give me uh maybe F. My throat's not too good, so we'll sing a bit lower. Amen. F. Let's go to the chorus, right? Because I think that's the high part. See the bright light shine. Let's start there. I see I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. And I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. World has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I think we can go higher. Let's go G. It's just about time. See my father standing at the door. The world has been a wilderness. World has been a will. But I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never I've never been this home sick. Oh, there's a light in the window. There's a light in the window. The table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I see a crystal river. I can see a crystal river. Oh, I must be near forever. Oh, I've never been this homeick. Oh, see the bright light. See the bright light shine. It's just about I can see I see my father standing. Oh this world [Music] I'm ready for deliverance. Lord I've never been this home sick. Oh, I can see the family gather. I can see the family gather. Sweet faces are familiar. Oh, no one's old or feeble anymore. [Music] Oh, my lonesome heart is crying. Soon I spread my wings, stood flying. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. This world has been a wilderness. World has been a wilderness. I'm ready, Lord. I've never I've never been this home sick before. Hallelujah. Amen. and I'm homesick and blue and I want to see Jesus. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. We'll call our brother Sunny forward. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Glory. Jesus is alive. Amen. You know when you are just called to say something and that's skip you know we've been preaching for so many years but every time you are called to say something the heart skips the beat but this morning I just want to greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. It isn't a privilege for us to be gathered like this in the grace of God. We have cherished this gospel for many years. I've seen many young men grow up in front of me. Many a young men become preachers. Amen. Many young men become evangelists. Many a young man become witnesses for Jesus Christ. The responsibility of a father is great. Hallelujah. And young man, when you look at yourself, think of how your father brought you up. Yes. One thing you can never do is to outgrow your father. Amen. Because you have a great responsibility. Never shake your responsibility because one day you are going to be answerable for your wrongdoings or for your uh mishaps. You know the prophet always taught us. It says you will answer for your children. You will answer for your neighbors. You will answer for your friends. So remember one thing you know I I have businesses in the in the CBD and we see something very very different. You know, in our days, uh, when we did something wrong, we knew we did something wrong and we'll try to run away from the elders. I started smoking when I was very young. But every time we took out a cigarette, we looked around first. We looked around first. And we had a cigarette. One day I had a cigarette burning in my pocket because okay, this man was an elderly man. I didn't know him. But one thing I knew, if he saw me with that cigarette, he wouldn't say this is not my son. You sure? You're sure to get something coming. And uh I tell you these are the things. And today you'll find young boys asking the old men for matches. And it's shocking. And I pray this morning that you young boys that are here, respect your elders. Respect those that are elder than you. Treat them like your father because you'll never ask your father for a match. I hope nobody's smoking. And uh this morning uh I'd like to remember our our pastor Ronnie, our spiritual father. And uh he has brought us thus far. And uh he must be proud this morning to see that his son has taken the reign. Praise the Lord. Like I said, I've seen many people grow. I've seen many people become preachers. many many of them and today I'm I'm glad that I can sit and listen for the foundations are built were built and we can listen to the ones that we grew up with where we grew up. So this morning for all the fathers I want to say God bless you. May you continue with the work as a father because you grow old you're still a father. If you're still young you're still a father. Yes. And so just grow old in the grace of God. The prophet says somebody some sometimes you can grow old and not and not see death. You'll make it in the rapture. So just pray that you can make it in the rapture. And that is our desire is to make it in the rapture. Take your responsibility in your home. Take your responsibility outside and see that that you can portray Jesus Christ all the time. May God bless you. Enjoy your day every father this morning. Amen. Thank you, brother Sunonny. Amen. You appreciate those words of wisdom. Amen. You know, brother Brandham, when he was talking about the older men and uh I think it was TL Osborne came to him, he said, "It'll do you good to go sit under that great oak tree talking about FF Bosworth because these men have come through experiences." Amen. Amen. So, our brother Sunny has been in the ministry for a long time, served in the kingdom of God. Amen. And I pray the Lord will continue to keep him. Amen. Let's stand together for the reading of the word. Thank you, band. Amen. Seeing that it's Father's Day, we'll center our thoughts around that. Amen. Let's turn to Proverbs chapter 20 and verse 5. Amen. Proverbs chapter 20 and verse 5 says, "Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water." Amen. Now consider what we are reading. If you want the counsel that's in the heart of a man, it's like deep water. And not everybody likes to go into deep water. But if you really want that godly counsel, you've got to get into deep water. Amen. But a man of understanding will draw it out. So we know how to draw out that good counsel. Praise the Lord. Most men will proclaim everyone his own goodness. There's tons of preachers now that's promoting themselves. Most men will proclaim everyone his own goodness. But a faithful man who can find Amen. How does God measure faithfulness? By what we have done with the promised word. But who can find a faithful man? We're taking that from what Jesus is saying. Amen. Well done, good and faithful servant. Why? They handled what was given to them well. The just man walketh in his integrity. His children are blessed after him. So you see what what a heritage we are giving our children because your children start to walk in your blessings. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's go to uh Genesis chapter 18. Powerful, powerful, powerful scripture because Genesis 18 is typing Revelation 10. Elohim coming in the flesh. Hallelujah. Amen. And it is in this chapter that the Lord speaks a word over Abraham. His wife is barren. The man is old. He can't reproduce his life. But look at what he says. And the Lord God, let's read from verse 17. And the Lord God, And the Lord said, "Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do?" Seeing that Abraham, now watch, he speaks what he wants to see. Hallelujah. He's not speaking this man's condition. Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. Amen. A man who can't have children, his wife is barren. Speak over your situation. No matter how dead it is, speak over your situation. For I know him. Or there's a father who knows his children. Father knows the caliber that's within you. Father knows the fruit he's put within you. I know him that he will command his children and his household after him. And they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he had spoken of him. Amen. The Lord blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Isn't that powerful? Amen. You say, why? Why is that powerful? God had wanted to work through Adam, but because of the fall, he couldn't work through Adam. Amen. Then you find there was a decline of mankind all the way to the time of Noah when Noah alone found grace in the eyes of the Lord. Then God destroyed the earth with water and now he was looking for a man that he could work through and he had now found a man by the name of Abraham. But God was going to take a portion of his name. And when God is giving him a portion of his name and changing it to Abraham, brother Brandham's saying he is adopting Abraham by giving him a part of his own name. Hallelujah. Even with Sarah, he puts the H in there. With Abraham, he puts the H in there. Hallelujah. So, we are finding here that God found a man that he could work through. A man without any capabilities to do what was God in God's mind physically it was impossible. Even when he had the strength to reproduce his life, he he reproduced it the wrong way by listening to Sarah. Hallelujah. Now, sometimes people say, and I know it's a good advice, don't marry the wrong wife because your life will be hard. Marry somebody who believes like you. The Bible says talking about marriage, how can two walk together except they be agreed? Now I tell you that two Christians can marry. One is a message believer, one is a denominational believer, but their father is not the same. Hallelujah. Their father is not the same. Praise the Lord. So what we are finding you can have the correct wife. Who would disagree that Eve was the perfect wife for Adam? She was the perfect one. He said this is bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh. So the the question then doesn't come is is she the right one. The question is is she able to listen to her head? That is the question. Is she able to take on his spirit? That's the mystery of marriage. She must take on his spirit because any spirit is his nature, his character. It is ridiculous that now in the 21st century, the wives are trying to make the men like them. But the pattern is designed for the woman to be like the man because she was taken out of man. Yes sir. So they come with independent movements and all of these movements coming out of the plan of God. But God's original design and purpose was she was taken out of man. But she must reflect the character of the man. We're not preaching on marriage this morning. Amen. But Amen. I just thought we'll throw that in there. So wives, if you're going contrary to what your husband's vision is and purpose and plan is, you've got to align with his vision, right? How do you become the fifth gospel? Where are you getting your gospel from? Where are you getting your teaching from? You've got to get it from your head. We empower you by saying yes to the fifth gospel. You are teaching the children. But if you are not in subjection and receiving teaching from your husband, he's the one who sets the teaching at home. He's the one who sets the instruction at home. You are basically feeding off him. He's the one that establishes the prayer altar at home. He is the one that establishes the Bible reading at home. So the wife is only and and if you're saying that is a wrong teaching, I'll have you to know that God wants us to take his spirit and we are the bride of Christ, but he wants us to take his spirit. Praise the Lord. In 1 Corinthians chapter 4:15, and I'm so glad that we have had a spiritual father in this house. There are many churches but go and trace their roots. You'll see their root starts with them because they haven't had a spiritual father. Hear what the apostle Paul is saying in 1 Corinthians chapter 4:15. For though you have 10,000 instructors in Christ, yet have you not many fathers. Now watch what Paul is saying next. For in Christ I have begotten you through the gospel. So where is the seed coming through? Through the apostle Paul and I tell you we've had another mighty prophet in the land who amen through Christ has begotten us through the gospel. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So there can be many instructors but whether people have spiritual fathers they don't know who their spiritual father is. Where are you getting your teaching? Who is your source? Where are you getting your resource from? They don't have a spiritual father. Praise the Lord. Yeah. You know, amen. That the apostle Paul is also telling us that I planted here in this church. Pastor Ronnie planted, ministries are watering, but it's God who's giving the increase. Praise the Lord. So, a church ought to have, Amen, a continuity because the life of the church is always in the youth. We can't be, I say this again this week, we can't be building ministries where the pastor is elevated to a godlike status and the people are left impoverished. It should be the other way around because when you are having a good time on a Saturday night, there is one person who is laboring in the kitchen of God to prepare a sermon spiritually for you. And you tell me, is that not a servant? That while the others are having a good time. That's why he's called a servant. Here to serve the people, not be lords over God's heritage. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So in Hebrews chapter 12, I'm just laying these scriptures 9-10. Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits? Hallelujah. You see, our earthly father and mother gave us this body, but God gave us our spirit. Now we were so obedient to the earthly father and mother. He's saying what about your spirit? The father of your spirit. Can we not be obedient to him? And live. Why? The flesh that they the flesh body our parents gave us is dying. Whether you choose to believe it or not, whether you think you are in the prime of your life, death is no respector of person. You've seen after co young people, boys, young girls taken away. 10 years old, 11 years old. Amen. Death is not for the old. No man knows the day he's going to leave the earth. Hallelujah. He says, "For they verily for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure, but he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness." Earthly fathers wanted to chasen us so that they can get the benefit off of us. But he's saying when God chastens us, he's doing it out for our benefit so that we become partakers of his holiness. You see why people are struggling in the flesh, struggling with abbots, struggling with things of their life. They are not willing to to surrender their spirit to God to make them holy. Now, if I had a bunny chow here and I told you partake of it, you must come and share this bunny chow. That's the best bunny chows. When you put it on the hood of the car, you got a high school coke there and you're both fighting for that food. The last piece you're hoping, he says you have it, right? But that's what it becomes part. So he has given us holiness. He's put the holiness here and he says become partakers of it. But sometimes you're not willing to surrender. So then you're starving spiritually. Praise the Lord. Now we know as we have been saying God was Elohim. Elohim means allsufficient one. Amen. He is self- sustaining. God is source and sustainer of everything he created. And he is the father of all things. Hallelujah. He's the father of creation. Now Malachi 2:10 says, "Have we not have we not all one father? Did not God create us? Why do we profane the covenant of our fathers by breaking faith with one another? So God is called father and not mother. People like to call mother earth and mother this, mother Mary. But God is our father. Amen. Masculine. Amen. Praise the Lord. So he's saying, Amen. It has to do with function. The word father has to do with function. He's source and sustainer. And everything came from father. If you got a father in your house, everything ought to come from the father. That's God's design. If all the source of sustenance and the resources are not coming from the father, that is a house that is not designed on the kingdom principles of God. Somebody say amen. Amen. Men, you are supposed to be the sole provider at home. If there's a need, the wife can assist you by working to assist you, but the man's responsibility is to be the provider. Come on. I need the men to say amen to that. The man's responsibility is to be the protector. You say protect what? You you perform gates around your house and you protect what comes into that house and what goes out of that house. Especially today with modern day social media, you ought to be protecting what comes into the house because people can be locked up in their bedroom, but things are coming through the house. Spirits are coming through the house. Amen. And you've got to be vigilant in this hour because Satan, your adversary, is coming like a roaring lion seeking to devour the children. You don't know, but you've got somebody in the room gambling, doing soccer bits. Before you had to go into a public place, hide, put a hat, disguise yourself to go and gamble. Amen. Now you can sit in the comfort of your bedroom and start gambling. Let me do a soccer bit. Amen. You're sitting in your room. You went in there so happy. You know people support teams. Their team could have lost 10 times but the next match they going joyful there with some hope. But people one two times a pastor rebukes them. They don't want to come. Why you don't have the same attitude with your team? You're still so loyal. They haven't won something in how many years, brother Tyson? But you're still loyal to the team. I don't even know who he supports. I'm just using him. Amen. People like colorful devils. Amen. They like colorful ones. Praise the Lord. But we are so faithful to keep supporting what can sustain us. That's right. But the word of God that's coming from the pilpit, we can't come to sustain ourselves. Praise the Lord. Let's talk truth. Let's talk truth. Church is full tonight or this morning. Come on a Wednesday and see. Now, nobody is given a pass to be excluded from a Wednesday service. I certainly didn't issue it out. Brother Joshua, did you issue it out? Brother Sunny, did you issue it out? Excusing anyone from being in church. I've got new people coming into the church. Faithful every Wednesday and every Sunday will not miss a service. But I've got old people. They say, "I'm old and now I'm cold." Praise the Lord. We ought to have a fervent desire to come into the house of God. Once we get a revelation why we are coming into the house of God, these things become non-negotiable. I've got to go into the house of the Lord to worship. Praise the Lord. No problem. Do you know what the 11th hour workers? You ever heard about 11th hour workers? God will pull in the 11th hour workers because there are no laborers here on a Wednesday. God will pull in the 11th hour workers and give them the same pay. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now look at our heavenly father. I got a very short quote I want to read and the prophet details why he came in the form that he came the our God which spoke about Elohim. Right? And we read here then God conceived his thoughts. He said, "I'll take their place." Talking about Adam and Eve. I'll take their place. I'll die in theirstead. That's my boy. Hallelujah. How many of you got sons here? Let somebody touch your son. Then you watch the father's nature come out. That's my boy. If anyone's going to correct him, I'm going to correct him. If there's anyone going to teach him, I'm going to teach him. So what is that? Brother Sunny Smith. He takes personal responsibility over what came out out of him. Now how much more God we came out of God. Hallelujah. He takes personal responsibility over every one of us. That's my boy. I can't let him go like that. Do you know sons? Let me talk to you daughters. When your father is correcting you, you think it's easy to correct you, but his heart on the inside is he wants you to come into his image and likeness. He wants you to get his thoughts of his life for you that he has planned out. I can't let him go like that. That's my girl. When the father calls a pastor to come and correct you and to to give you some admonition, don't think it's the end of the world. All they want you is to correct your path. come to the right path. But father, let me tell you something about father's love. He will never cut off the source of father's love. I don't like this modernistic trend that say the day you leave this house, you are not my child anymore. That's not God's principle. A father will never cut off his children. A father will always love his children because a father is an attribute of God. No matter how far they are gone. Amen. His heart will always reach out to the children. Amen. Amen. Look at our father what he did. I'm talking about God our father. I'll die in each place. He said just in it. Amen. I'll put emnitude between thy seed and the serpent's seed and your seed shall bruise the serpent's head. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. In other words, I will overshadow a virgin someday and come down and be made flesh myself and I'll take the sinner's place. Man was made in the image of God. And then God was made in the image of man to redeem man back to himself. That's why Jesus Christ came in the flesh to redeem man back to himself. God had taken his place. That's how I know Jesus is God. That's right. Amen. Let's read Ephesians 6 and1. Amen. I need to go quick. Amen. Hallelujah. I know some of you got plans to take your fathers out. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm certain brother Romesh already got plans. He's loved by his daughters. Amen. I'm sure he's going to get spoiled today. Amen. But we're not going to rush unnecessarily. Hallelujah. I know how you love the word. Amen. Amen. I know how some of you are going to ask how you gave me half chicken today. Amen. Because you like full pack. Praise the Lord. Ephesians 6 and 1 to4 is not how long the service is, it's about how much you can get out of the service. Ephesians 6:1-4 children. Straight away a chapter is directed to children. Obey your parents in the Lord for this is right. Now children like to tell their parents that they are wrong but the Bible is saying this is right. So when it's saying obey, sometimes you may not understand the instruction coming from your father but it says obey it. To obey is better than sacrifice. Praise the Lord. Honor thy father and mother. Esteem high. Hallelujah. Honor thy father and mother. I don't have time to get into this, but do me a favor. Go type up fatherless. There's a problem in the world today because of people who have no fathers. And it's not because the fathers have died. Yes, some fathers pass away. We remember Amen. the loved ones that have gone on before us. We remember brother Dicki. We remember Amen. Pastor Ronnie. We remember Sean. Any other fathers I'm missing out here? Amen. We remember the fathers. But there is a generation that has come up now. Their fathers are alive but they are fatherless because the fathers shook their responsibilities. They have not guided their children. It says honor thy father. So why I'm saying go type up fatherlessness or fatherless and go watch what it's even in the commandments that we must take care of the fatherless and attached every time you see the word fatherless it speaks about widows. Why? Both the fatherless and the widow don't have headship. So he says even when you are when you are reaping your field and you forgot a sheath in the field, he says don't go back for it. Leave it for the fatherless and the widows. You remember how Nomi told Ruth that's what they they got it from there from the Lord's commandment. And he says, "Oh my, I I tell you, please go and read about fatherless and widows." He says, "Dare you mistreat the fatherless." This is Bible. Now he says, "Dare you mistreat the fatherless and the widows." You know what he says? God will make you fatherless and a widow. I don't have time to give you the I can put the quote up on the group if you want. He says if you mistreat the fatherless, you see God's passion for the fatherless. Now, nowhere in the Bible does he talk about the motherless. There is a problem in the world today because fathers have become delinquent. They say most of the people in prison because they didn't have a steady home, a father that was there to lead them, to guide them, to give them instruction. When a father is removed from the home, God takes it very seriously. Nowhere. Go and read it again. There's no way God makes reference to the motherless. He's talking about the fatherless alone because he understands the seriousness of headship of having a father. So who will do that? Go and type up fatherless in your Bible and read from when God is giving the commandments and see what he is saying about the fatherless and the widows. Amen. Hallelujah. Why would he put it there in the commandment? He says, "Honor thy father and their mother, which is the first commandment with promise." What is that promise? That it may be well with thee. Number one, it may be well with thee. So if you tell me what do you mean about well with me? Well, talk to me about your finances. If you want your finances to be well, what does it says? We tie well with thee just to living long. But he says in all aspects of your life, it'll be well with you. And he says, and thou mayest live long on the earth. Amen. So there's a double benefit there. In all your ways, you shall prosper and you shall have long life. And he's a joining word. Praise the Lord. And you fathers, now this is important as well. If we're going to speak to the children, we must speak to the fathers. Fathers, provoke not your children. To wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Don't apply the message like a law. Thou shalt do this. Thou shalt do that. Beat them up. If they beat them into submission, you know what you're causing them to do? to hate your teaching. How many people have left the message because they were forced and whipped into doing things? They didn't understand why they had to do it. Let me tell you, there's some older people yet still still rebelling because of how they were brought up. Still can't uh be under some mission because how they were brought up. those things linger. Praise the Lord. He says, "But bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Tell them why. Teach them why." The Bible says, "Train them up in the ways of the Lord." How many of you when you're giving your son weights, you first give him 10 kg. If he can't lift the 10 kg, you take a cane and you give him. No. But he says, "Train him up. First give him 5 kg. Let him build a muscle for the 5 kg. Then you train him and you give him the 10 kg. Amen. Then you give him the 20 kg. But train them up in the ways of the Lord. Otherwise, you're going to drive them away and make them hate the very message that was sent to deliver us. And God is saying he wants you to teach your children. Look at how he said, "I know that Abraham will teach his children." And God will hold many men in this message accountable for taking this word as a law and beating the family with it. You know why? We lead by example. Colossians 3 and 20:21. Children, obey your parents in all things, for this is well pleasing unto the Lord. Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged. Hear what brother Brandham is saying now in uh YM he says I've got nine brothers now this is why I'm putting this in here we can't treat all the children the same all of them have different temperaments all of them have different nature there's one if you score them he'll like water off a duck's back he's fine the other one he'll go preserved he takes it very hard amen praise the Lord He says, "There's one here that looks like me and he's not a preacher in the bunch. I've got another brother next to me. Great, big, tall, blonde, blue-eyed, fair skin. Why? He don't like the things I do." Our appetites are not the same. Our desires is not the same. But his daddy is my daddy. I say we apply that in the message of the hour. We find faults with all our brothers and our sisters. We we don't like one another's differences, but it's our differences. We are coming from the same source. His daddy is my daddy. If we can come with that attitude, then we don't start cutting off people. If we don't start kicking people to the curb, okay, brother, that's fine. That's the way you like it. You like apple pie. I can't stand the taste of apple pie. But that's your the way you are designed. Some people, let me put it in ways that may be more refreshing to you. Some people just love seals, thunders, vials, trumpets. That's what excites them. Others may like baptism. Others may like godhead. Different portions of the word. But we're all brothers and sisters. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, this brother that's eating from the seals, he opened it and he ate from the seals. Like if somebody opened your Doritos now, he's eating from it. He's enjoying it. You can't go and tell him, "I know that Doritos is in the cupboard. It's not open. You didn't open it." Praise the Lord. Now, we've got to develop an appetite for the word. Amen. We've got to start to develop our appetite for the deeper things of God. Like if I gave pass the mic around and I ask somebody, please tell me your understanding of the seven seals and the seven thunders. Amen. But we ought to come to a place where when you give you the mic, you can just speak it freely. Brother, this is what it means. This is what it is. This is the open book that was sent for us to understand it. Praise the Lord. So we understanding the thought that all of us are not made the same yet we are coming from the same source. Praise the Lord. Now the prophet is going to give us an illustration and he's going to tie it in with the nature of God and how he wants us to behave. He says remember friends I love you and I must be honest with you. I have a little boy here. He's talking about Billy Paul. He's on the platform. I have him with me. If you want to love somebody, if it's between me or he, he says you love him. Hello. Watch where he's going to take this thought. Now that's my boy. And if our heavenly father wants me to love somebody between he or you, here what he's saying. If God wants you to love him or your brother, he says, "Love you." No issue going and saying, "Lord, I love you. I love you, but you hate your brother." He says, "God would prefer you love your brother." Oh, who's reading this? God is saying, "I prefer you love your brother. You're his children." And you see, wouldn't you rather someone love your children than to love you anytime? Well, our heavenly father, what about him? If we being kind know how to do good things for our children, say, "I love you and I'm here to help you." Right? So, he says, "We've got to face up to responsibilities." Sometimes it takes a very hideoff of us to do that as a father to face up to the responsibility to give your child a whipping. No. 21st century, we don't whoop anymore. 21st century. Why you looked at him like that? See, he's crying there now. You gave him such a bad look. Hey, I saw another article there. They got two pictures. A man from the 1940s in military fighting World War II. this other fellow from the 21st century crying that his Starbucks is not the right order. Generations have weakened. Amen. People in war had their their limbs torn off, but they were real men, rugged men standing there to defend their country, standing there to defend their families. Praise the Lord. He says, "But as a father and mother, you've got to face the responsibility of raising that child." Remember, God put that boy into your care, that girl into your care. He wants you to raise them up in the ways of the Lord. Now, listen to me. Parents, don't neglect raising your children in the ways of the Lord. You can do many other things for them, but that is one thing that has eternal value. Don't strive for the other things. first establish the word of God in their hearts. It says the Bible says spare the royal spoil your son. And that still stands good in the sight of every psychologist there is in the world. That still remains God's truth. Right? If there had been more of that practiced, we wouldn't have had so much juvenile delinquency and stuff and the rot we got in the world today. But the whole golden rule of the whole room has been broken long time ago. And they let the kids do whatever they want. You know what? This, let's assume this is a corner. Doesn't replace a good spanking. Now they say go in a naughty corner. This fell think he's so nice here. No hiding. I'll stand there for how long you want me to. But give him a hiding one time. I remember this. I'm going to share you with the secret. Now, we'll keep the secret. YouTube, you keep the secret. Ask my mother. Apparently, I had very colorful words growing up. I used to speak in tongues. I don't know why. I think maybe I don't know if I picked it up from the neighbors or whatever. But I remember my father had a cure for speaking in tongues. One day he caught me and he put me in the room and he had a bottle of green chilies and all I know is that chilies was being rubbed in my mouth until their tongues went away. Hey, but what happens if he said go stand in the corner? I would have been speaking in tongues in the corner. So don't neglect our responsibilities. Chastisement and correction is biblical. Right? I want to get to this point here. Very important. Amen. In the next quote. Amen. Now watch. Let's see now in our families how we supposed to handle things. Let's see what the prophet's pattern is. Right? He says the first step you probably take in life speaking of leadership is probably the hands of some kind mother. So the the mother has the child first. I think there's a step missing. That's why I'm bringing this point. Okay. Mother has the child first. Then he says their mans may be still tonight out here in the se some cemetery somewhere. But that was the hand that held you. Make your first step. Then after mother taught you how to walk. Make a few steps. fall down and get up. After you thought you were doing great things, she turned you over to the school teacher. So, next is a school teacher. Watch, I'm getting to a point here. I don't want you to miss this. And then she begin to lead you to an education of how and what you must do and how you must lean and so forth like that. Watch now. I think this is a step we are missing. Then after you after the school teacher got through with you, you returned back. Your father got a hold of you. Now let's be honest. They returned from school around the age of 18, 19. Who must get a hold of you? Your father. Your father must now lead you and instruct you. Do you know the most successful people in the world go look at doctors, engineers and go see if their parents wasn't guiding them all all the way. The parents were always involved in their decision making. Not this casual attitude we have. After they finish school, what you going to do? I don't know. That fell, he's so lazy. I don't know what he's going to do. You got no plan for your son's life. All his life he's been depending on you and mommy to lead them and make decisions. Suddenly now when they come uh 18, 20, 21, they must even go find their own girl. Listen what I'm saying. The biggest decision in life they have to make, they've never made decisions before. The most important decision and you want to be excluded from that decision. Look at Abraham. He was involved in this decision for the wife of his son. That is a biblical pattern. You can't look at Jacob. Jacob ran away because he was he stole his brother's birthight. So Isaac couldn't implement the same thing. But they sent him in the right direction. But I'm saying parents after the school teacher they come back to father So now let's think about this. If the relationship is strained, if the relationship is broken, if they can't trust you, they're not talking to you, do you think they're going to come back to father? So what we supposed to do? Keep the relationship. You know, there's also other things where the prophet is admonishing us, we've got to know how to handle teenagers. He says you need to be their friend. You need to know how the they're going through changes in their bodies. All you're hearing is nose and this and that and fussing. But he says, understand a lot of those things are coming out of emotions within them. But you maintain the friendship. You maintain that son, I'm always here for you. Daughter, I'm always here for you. Hallelujah. So he says after the school teacher you returned back to your father and he got a hold of you. Then when a father got off hold of you he perhaps you taught you business how to be successful businessmen how to do things right. You see fathers what responsibility we have we start to guide them now. Okay you've done grade 12 that's fine. Now let's see what you are good at. Let's see what interests you and go and develop yourself in that field. Fathers, we've got to take responsibility for these things. We are ending up with more educated women than men. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody say amen. The women are becoming highly qualified and the men, they're twiddling their tums. Has anything I said been out of what I'm what the prophet is saying here? Is it out of Bible? So let's correct it. He says they taught you business, how to be successful, how to do things right. Your mother taught you how to be a housewife, how to cook. Oh my. Now they got married and they don't know how to cook. They want left hand pot. I'm left-handed. I need a left hand pot and a left hand pan. Praise the Lord. You see where the mothers are failing as well? You mean they never crossed your mind. Your daughter's going to get married. I'm going to have to cook one day. Who dropped that pin? Never ever cross your mind. You had them for 20 years. You want to treat them like your queen. You're not realizing you're raising somebody up to be the mother of a home. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. I'm not saying anything. I'm reading the prophet's quote here. You want to get angry? Go get angry with the prophet. I'll buy you a ticket to Jeffersonville. You can go there to the grave and complain. Your mother taught you how to be a housewife, how to cook and so forth like that. Then after this, so am I gone past that. Then after they were through with you, who's next? Sorry, somebody read this loud. So I'm still expecting some of you to come my by my way. Hey, are we following a prophet's advice here? Then after your father gets through with you, then your minister or priest gets a hold of you. Which means he needs to be included in your decision making in your counsel. Is the council like deep waters? Did we read the opening scripture? Counsel is like deep waters, but a man of understanding knows how to draw it. Your minister gets all of you. I've got young men here married. They make decisions. The first thing they come and see me, brother. This is what we want to do. Can you pray with us? It's not everyone. There's a few, brother. I'm struggling with this thing. Can you help me pray and overcome this thing? You see, if we know there are resources and we don't go and you know, we only know how to make use of government resources. If we know there's a child grant, we know how to go apply for that child grant. We know there's 150 rand unemployment grant, we know how to apply for that grant to withdraw it. But God has resources in his kingdom and we need to know how to apply these things to go and make maximum benefit from these resources because God says when he ascended on high, he gave gifts unto men. And unless you know how to draw from that gift. Amen. Praise the Lord. So what he says after your father gets through to you, your minister or priest gets a hold of you because your father could have guided you to become an engineer, a doctor. But if you are not careful, those things will take you away from God. So your pastor will always give you godly advice how to stay in the confines of the word and how to keep serving the Lord Praise the Lord. But now who leads you? That's the question. We're all led by something tonight. We have to be we led. Amen. Very quickly we close with this. In Matthew 19 verse from verse 16 you can read about the the rich young ruler. He was very successful. The mother led him, the teacher led him, the father led him to wealth, to prosperity. But nobody led this boy to eternal life. He had finally come to the greatest minister, the greatest priest to find out because he could find no help in his father. He could find no help in his mother. He could find no help in the teachers and the guides. And he says, "I know there's something lacking. What must I do to get eternal life?" Amen. But he turned down the greatest priest who gave him advice when he said, "Your riches are stopping you from getting eternal life." That is the hindrance. Your wealth is stopping you from receiving me. Your education has got in the way. But he didn't want to forsake that. I I studied for four years. You can study for four years. God can call you to full-time ministry. What you going to do? Amen. You can study for seven years. Be a doctor. Who was a doctor? Luke. Not this brother Luke. Now, he was a doctor. But he says he chose me to follow him. I emptied myself out my whole life completely. Amen. Because when God calls you, he equips you. You think God's going to call you into full-time ministry to starve, to not take care of you. We don't know who you're playing with. You're playing with God. If he calls you, he'll equip you. Amen. He'll take care of you. Yes, we've got to trust in him. Amen. Praise the Lord. So I I want to read this, brother. Amen. Let's close with this. Let's You got that? I think it starts with paragraph 50, right? But let's drop to paragraph 56. So parents can give you money, inheritance, you can get houses, land, and wealth. But let's see what he's saying here. You got to face one thing. Eternal life. And there's only one person who can give that to you. Mama can't give it to you. Papa can't give it to you. Your pastor can't give it to you. Your leader here can't give it to you. Everybody that gets eternal life has got to come to Jesus Christ. Young boys, young girls, you can get houses, land, cars, money, but eternal life you can only get through Jesus. He's the only one who can give that part. Your teacher can give you an education. She can teach you. You have to learn it. Your mother can teach you to walk. Your father can teach you how to be a businessman. But only Jesus can give you eternal life. Fathers, I want you to know if you have instructed your children, you can reinstruct them. It doesn't mean a father's word is final. Because our father god, his word was not final like that. In one age, he told his children to live by justification. In the next age, he told gave them another instruction live by sanctification. In another age he said the outpouring of the gifts. But in this day so father is always instructing according to his plan and purpose. So when you have a plan and purpose for your son when you have a plan and your purpose for your daughter don't say I have to stick by my word. I'm a man of principle. No you are also developing and you can reinstruct your son. You can reinstruct your daughter and say, "Son, daughter, I am the head of this home. God has placed me as a spiritual head of this home, and I see it fit that we do things this way." Amen. And don't be afraid to take your position as a as the priest of the home. We got so many people afraid. Call your family, say, "Let's read the Bible tonight." They're going to get a shocker dick a dayare. They're going to get a shock. But you know what? They will all come because they are you. Do you know how they are longing for you to take the headship? Do you know how your wife is longing for you to take the headship? Do you know how your children are longing for you to take the headship? Praise the Lord. Amen. Okay, let's leave it there. Let's give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Let's stand. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We can take it longer, but I think time is gone now. Amen. I think we got the point of the message. Amen. Fathers, instruct your children. Teach them. Don't neglect our duty. What God has called us to do in this hour. If you don't know who your father is, we got some machines here. We can run a DNA test for you this morning. But one thing's for certain, the DNA test is going to come back telling you that God is your father. How many of you want to run a DNA test this morning? How? What is the DNA test? The word. If we can take the word. If we can take the word. It's showing us our pedigree. Let me tell you something about us. We are not in a ministry of self-realization and self-discovery. The only way that we are going to be connected to our origin is through Malachi 4. Amen. Go read Malachi 4:5 and 6. It'll be Elijah the prophet who will turn our hearts back to our religion, back to our father.
