################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Brother Joel Basdeo (Guyana) | 26-03-2025 - Joel Basdeo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Brother Joel Basdeo (Guyana) | 26-03-2025
Speaker: Joel Basdeo
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vjcMbtgsR8
========================================

I know very soon I'll be raptured and out of here. The angel of God is there our souls in love to live for the impossible. I've seen the angel of God not seen for 2,000 years. Angel of God not seen. He's right here. He's here fixing things. They're fixing things for us to leave. Oh, waiting visions. Waving visions of our Amen. We'll see ourselves in the wood so we can walk step by step into what we behold. See new [Music] things. I'll be raptured. [Music] Angel in the inable inconceivable faith to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this new day. In this new [Music] day. Hallelujah. Oh, in this new day. In this new day. [Music] in this new day. Hallelujah. Amen. The prophet of God says when that seven seals were opened, a new land was opened up unto us. Amen. Declaring a new day for the bride. Amen. Calling you out of Leosia into the bride age. Hallelujah. The age of marriage, the age of adoption. Glory be to his name. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. You can greet one another. Amen. God bless you. Let me greet you first. God bless you. Amen. Don't forget the people in back of you. You got your back turned to them. Amen. So, greet them. Praise the Lord. there after you can be seated for a few moments in greet all our pastors. Amen. That's here. Amen. I pray that you be blessed in the house of the Lord. Welcome you and all believers that have come to visit and fellowship with us. Amen. I'm excited because Joel the evangelist is here. Amen. You know, anytime somebody's got the name Joel, there's prophecy and they expect and I think the evangelist goes under the prophetic anointing because they go with Mark 16. Hallelujah. So, you be under expectation. Anybody come under expectation, they come with a need. Amen. So, when the holy, you know, as an evangelist moves, the Holy Spirit drops down. So, be quick to pick up things. Amen. Hallelujah. And catch the anointing. Want to read Joel 2:23 says, "Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he had given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month." Yes. 25 says, "I will restore to you the years that the locust had eaten, the cankerm, caterpillar, palmer, my great army, which I send amongst you." I love verse 26, 27. It says, "You shall eat in plenty." Amen. Amen. There's only one people eating in plenty in this time of famine. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. And be satisfied. And praise the name of the Lord your God, that he had dealt wondrously with you. And my people shall never be ashamed. Amen. You shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the Lord your God and none else, and my people shall never be ashamed. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams and your young men shall see visions. And also upon your servants and upon your the handmmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit. Amen. So I'm just trying to tap into the anointing of Joel. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, every name carries a meaning. Praise the Lord. And here the apostle Peter now taps into that scripture and he prophesies to them and says this is that which Joel prophesied about. That was the birth of the church. Amen. Hallelujah. So we happy to have with us Amen. our dear pastor or brother Joel Bastio. Amen. All the way from Georgetown, Guyana. Let's give him a warm welcome. Praise the Lord. Joel, Amen. is married with three children, two girls and one son. Amen. One his eldest daughter is married. Amen. So he arrived in Johannesburg last week, Tuesday I believe it was. He spent the week in Johannesburg preaching. He arrived in Derban on Monday. Amen. And he has services lined up for the rest of the week. Amen. So he's currently serving under the ministry of our pastor Premat Oja. Did I get the name correct? Premat. Premat Oja. Oja. Yes. Premat Oja. and he's serving as an evangelist, a deacon, I believe a song leader. Anywhere he can put his hands in the field. Amen. And that's the way we ought to be. Amen. Amen. You know, God when he gives you one talent, if you invest it wisely, he'll give you another one. That scripture Matthew 25. Amen. And uh so wherever he can be a blessing in the kingdom of God, he wants to serve the Amen. his dad is also a pastor. Pastor Bastio senior, I suppose. What's your dad's first name? Karam Chandra. Karam Chandra. Okay. Praise the Lord. So his dad is a pastor in the message of the hour. Amen. And uh he's now 77 years old. Hallelujah. So we pray that the Lord conscience will be with you, brother. Amen. Even as you minister tonight. And we pray that this will be a time of refreshing for you. Amen. Amen. Let it be a time of renewal. Amen. In the book of Joel, it says, "I will restore." Let this be a time of restoration. Amen. Amen. If you're unwell in your body, let it be a restoration of your health. Amen. Amen. Whatever you need, let it be a restoration. Amen. Hallelujah. He says, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord, so it can be a time of revival for you. Let's draw maximum benefit from these meetings." Amen. And let's look beyond the veil. Amen. Let's be look beyond the veil and see the resurrected Lord Jesus. Amen. Because if we come looking for Jesus, we are going to find him. It's based on expectation. Amen. So also I see Pastor Eshkol is here. Amen. It's his anniversary. Amen. With his dear wife. So they made it to the service. They could have gone for a romantic dinner. But both of them are married to the Lord Jesus Christ. So they came for a romantic dinner here. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I believe it's also sister Josephine's birthday. Amen. God bless you. The Lord bless you. Let's give a hand. Amen. Hallelujah. Also, Pastor Denzel was telling me he gave her an option. We'll go out or you want to go to the service. She said, "I'll come to the service." So we pray that you'll get your reward in the house of the Lord. Let's stand together and receive our brother as we Amen. prepare hearts to hear the word of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Holy believe. All things are possible. Amen. Over to our people. Amen. All things are possible. [Music] Holy [Music] gra. All things are awesome. Holy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you, Father, for just only believe. Amen. And all things are possible, Lord. We pray, Father, you take control of this soul, we say in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. It is good to be this part. I am happy you know as you're coming out of amnesia you're seeing that wait I had more brother I have five you know from my parents and five five brother but I have millions but just that you have to come out of amnesia. Amen. You have brother, you have sister, you have mother, you have father, you know. But only one thing when I I come in South Africa, I can't spend no money. Nobody allowing. I can't pay for a bottle water. No. They say I'm not permitted. So I must say I I truly enjoy this stay the treatment. I just feel I I I don't have enough words to explain that I'm blessed that I have brother and sister everywhere and I've been well treated and I can't really take all the treatment because you know you get you can starve somebody to death but you can overfeed them to death too. So I got to watch my balance because I can get over feet to death. So I got God bless you saints. I bring greetings from my pastor, Pastor Primnot Oar. I thank God for pastor Denzel and his daughter and she have choose to come in the house of the Lord. God will richly bless you. And uh some other pastor are here and brother Joshua he have a good name too. Joshua stay all the way with Moses. I am believe that Moses was so perfect that he make no mistake. But Joshua never identify his support. That's right. And he support until the end. Amen. I thank God for pastor Adrian. I can't pronounce Gan. All right. Yeah. My tongue tying up and thing with him. So I hear I know that you come under expectation. If you pull, I preach. So you pull, I preach you. So let's go into the scripture. Genesis chapter 22 verse 7-4. I want you. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father and said, "My my father," and he said, "Here am I, my son." And he said, "Behold the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?" And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering." And so they went both of them together, and they came to the place which God had told him of. And Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wooden. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took a knife to slay his son. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham. And he said, Here am I. And he said, "Lay not thy hands upon the ladder, neither do thou any thing unto him. For now I know that thou fearst God, seeing thou has not withheld thy son, thy only. Lay not thy hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him. For now I know that thou fearest God, seeing, thou has not withheld thy son, thy only son from me. And Abraham lift up his eyes, and look, and behold, behind him a ram caught in a ticket by his horn. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered him up for a burnt offering in thestead of his son. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra, as it is said to this day, in the mount of the Lord it shall be seen. Amen. And we go into John chapter 3, chapter 12, verse 32. And I if I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all men unto me. Amen. Our dear precious eternal heavenly father, I pray. Father, you take control. Lord, you bless your word and feed. Use me, oh Lord. Use his feeble lips of clay to feed your children. In Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. You all could be seated. So we see here I've take a text accepting God's provided way. The message accepting God's provided way and God has a provided way. Amen. Amen. That is the message I get inspiration from. It's not even inspiration. It just have food, stored up food and it is good food for the bride. We as you eat natural to survival to reach 60 years and 70 years. If you decide this month I wouldn't eat but spiritually we just do that sometime long long you don't eat but your natural food you you eat a hunger just come in you you seeing dark all kind of thing but how sometime for days or or Sunday you eat until weekend till or during the week one time And then the next time and you're not feel no dark. You ain't getting no no no. That's why sometime your life they stagnant one way all the time because you have to feed daily every day. There was a question asked the prophet. How can I get stronger? They want to be strong. How can I get stronger in the Lord? Just simple read your Bible and pray every day. Amen. So you know the backbone of a church is prayer meeting. Amen. The backbone of a church is prayer meeting. So prayer it's very important. Sometime you see success but just a housewife being praying just a sister been praying. Amen. And it no matter who pray is who pray to. Amen. From my car in Guyana, it have prayer changes things. But now prayer changes things is the God that you pray to. Because you have many people praying. Prayer if prayer changes things you go to one stone and pray things got change but not prayer changes things is the God that you pray to but I am thank God that you are serving that true and living God. There is a living God. There is a present tense God. And you can't serve a God of history. You have to have a God of present tense. Abraham had a God of present tense. Abraham had a God that when the God speak, he obey. Amen. Because that's why because thou has oy that in blessing I will bless thee and in multiplying I will multiply. Thy seed as the star in heaven as the sand upon the seashore. So you are a blessed people. You are seed of Abraham. And because you there's a blessing. Take out. The bride from this earth is trouble. It is chaos. People will cry out and let a rock fall on me. You just let his bride and just move on. Some will call want the mountain to fall on their man trouble. Don't be a church go be brighter. Because he said and his wife had made herself ready. Amen. This thing no you're not no baby and thing for just tell you read your Bible when last you listen no that that when children are grow up when you listen a message you all read your Bible know your little children yet no you need grow up and his wife has made herself ready wife not no wife not no little small teenager wife of mature, you got mature and you might [Music] So if your wife if you're a bride of Jesus Christ, you got to make yourself ready. He is coming back for a glorious short without spot without wrinkle. Yes. You know how much brighter have the the the bride and and your garment got to be white. So any lying spot a show any gossiping spot a show. Any backbiting spot a show. But it is available and all this bucket cleanser. Are you washed in the blood? There is a provided way. Call me sinner. There is a fountain filled with blood. Trans from Emmanuel vain. When sinner plunch beneath the flies. Hallelujah. I am thankful for that. I have walked God's provided way and I have take a good washer. This God can wash you out, can cleanse you out. There is a thinking man filter. And when you have passed through that filter of the blood of Jesus Christ, I thank God that in Revelation 202 there is a book that record everything. There is a put it up there. Revelation 20 verse 12 there. And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the book were open. And another book was open, which is the book of life. And the dead were judged out of those things. That's it. Which were written in the book according to their works. Everything you do written down, there is an allseen eye watching you and there is angel taking down record. Every time you pick your your phone and you're watching nonsense, write down. Every time you're there watching Tik Tok long, he writing and then you get no time when to read your Bible, your eye burning. No, there is a angel watching you and take him record there is he's omniresent. He's here there everywhere at this set time. If you know that there many people don't know their God in that way but I know my God in that way because how come that sometime you you're watching wrong and nobody not there wrong then you then you operate like a certain way. There is a eye watching you and it take a reward of you. But I thank God. But when you all do all of that right down in the book, it have a available the good thing right down. So not only the bad thing when you do bad thing then you get somebody right down. When you do good thing, you right thing go. But when you pass through that filter, all the bad thing gone and the good thing left. Hallelujah. That filter not filter out the the good thing he filter out. All the bad thing. Hallelujah. I thank God for that. So now you can be available as sinless. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. When Job had a question about what will happen to man there when he had a question there was a young man. So God just use young man too. Amen. Yeah. Amen. Eli who? Yes. That's right. But he was young. Yes. And all the old elder and everything around some say maybe secret sinner. Some say this. Amen. And Job was a prophet and Elijah will come at last. He said, "Don't Why you question God?" Amen. Why this? Don't question God. Amen. That God have a way. Yes. God has a provided way. Man fall. Hallelujah. man of sin and there is a separation between man and God because the day you sin you shall surely die. So you have a separation and the blood of goat and sheep and pigeon and all them thing can wash away sin. You just cover your sins. So you become you go and do this sacrifice and you still have them in you to commit adultery. You still have in you to fornicate them. You still have in you to lie. Because that blood cover sinner. So there is a sinful man. Yes. So although you'll put your hand on the sacrifice and the lamb die, you're still a sinner. But that blood atones for you. God accept that blood, but that blood can divorce sin. Amen. It just cover sin. So he said, Job, don't accuse God. This God is not bad. You know, this God is a good God. This God is a merciful God is we just accuse because we using this how we look and what we condition but we look to the end and Eli who said there will come a come a mediator there will come a bridge from a sinful manner God we have a way that one hand will place on a sinful man to a righteous God. And I thank God that 2,000 years ago that when man have sinned, man can go into the presence of God. He one time a year the priest can go with blood. One time a year to get the word. But I thank God that from God and make a bridge. Yes. Hallelujah. That man Christ Jesus, he have placed his hand on a sinful man to a righteous God. And you can have communication with that God. Put your hand for Jesus. Bless the Lord. We have a right to shout and sing. We have a right to be happy. We are a happy people. Praise the Lord. Because there we have he and he have chose a gentile brider. He have chose a gentile bride. Look at Joseph. Yes. You know Joseph seed of Abraham. Amen. And when God have sent something in any way anyway God see their bless. Hallelujah. Because of jealousy, because you see vision, because you dream dream. Because jealousy gets rid of him. They send him to Egypt. Yes. Egypt become world power. Hallelujah. Egypt become world power. Amen. Bless God have a provided way. No matter how you look, accept God provided way. Don't walk with how you see and how he look. Look with the word of God. Amen. Look how nice God talk to Abraham after so much year. Sarah waiting for a child. Pass menopause everything and get this child out. God said take thy son. But how nice he put to go. Thy only son begotten son whom thou lovest. Hallelujah. Nice. What if God tell anyone of y'all to do that? What happened? That son disappear because first thing you tell your wife or something you not got to tell wife something you just got hold. Yes. Yes. First time when God give Abraham the promise when Sarah said listen this thing now take Hagar big time pregnant Abraham not hesitate now when Hagar when Sarah said get rid of this son now he not hear God said listen to she amen you listen to sheep Yes. You listen at force. Now when you when that time for listen for get rid listen back then it was painful for Abraham. You see all the trouble in the Middle East. You see all the trouble the fighting and the war that when you get your own way that was Sarah ID and and Abraham caused all of that trouble. But God has a provided way that in blessing I will bless thee because of what thou has oy hallelujah God have sent a voice have you obeyed that voice in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to Come all the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared unto the servant the prophet. Amen. Prophets God still have a five-fold ministry. If somebody have prophesy one time he'd be prophet. But he have major prophet word prophet and he have minor prophet. They can just prophesy something and that is it. Never again. You see some prophet look the book of Joel very small. Some of them book very very small and that all that them do. Yes. Look at my preaching. You can record how much he talking or pastor Denzel. Sometime we just talk too much. Yes. Well, God can just use a man just a little and that he have enough power. You see, God take a fish man. When I know to read and write and nothing, I'm not telling nobody not for for studying. I'm not promoting ignorance. Yes, you have there available your parents take care of your expense to go to school, take your education. Yeah. Because you can be working for 8 hour for a little bit of money. Yes. And because you take your education the same 8 hour you get two three time more plus you can get a loan you can you you get allowance you get a whole set of things. Take your education. I encourage young people don't if you if you you're not take your education and you're not elevate yourself now when you're young when you get old you still got to work hard so you better work hard now and you can play later than playing now your parents sending you to school and you're playing around yourself you're not take the education You got to work hard later. So I am preaching a practical gospel. And we we find the young children they are rude. And that is a evil spirit. You can't match up. Yeah, there you go. Imagine your parents working sacrifice so much money and think to send you to school and just because you learn something now you're talking anyhow to your parents and so no that is rudeness that is ingratitude is worse than a traitor. You need to reverence, respect, honor. Never state that if your parents are a Christian, honor them. No. If them a Hindu, honor them. If them a Muslim, honor them. If them poor, honor them. If them are still a drink, still honor, reverence, respect them. That your days may be long upon the altar. It's a blessing to have respect. Honor your parents. Children, obey your parents in the Lord. Because if your parents tell you a thief, you not got to go on thief. You know sometime men does use scripture wrong. Yeah. You know you get a scripture wife to obey their husband in everything. No Jesus when when the scripture were talking he was talking about a glorious church without spot. Yes. He was talking about a church. So he wasn't talking about sinner that in everything if you if your husband tell you go and drink wrong go and drink poison go and hang yourself that everything you got to you got to be have some sense it is not everything is everything in the order so but some people just want to put it how they feel that make boss now in everything. Use the scripture, right? Don't use it convenient for yourself. So, we see uh I have a story this AC um hitting me direct in my face. I'll stand more this week. Don't hate. Okay. Yes. We have a a a story with a infidel. The prophet went they went squirrel hunting and he and brother woods and when they went squirrel hunting no squirrel and he said I know a place where we can get squirrel but only thing this man is a infidel yes a infidel don't believe that there is a god No, God. He get God. He said, "Well, we let we make a shrine now. Let me go." And this man said, "You you preachers, the only thing you do, you're barking up the wrong tree. It's like a a a dog barking at a tree, but no animal is there." It's a lion dog. Yeah. So he calling the prophet a lying preacher. I tell you brethren, this man was preaching. You see when there is a God of present things, it make a difference. All the preacher in all over the place, he calling them barking up the wrong tree. Yeah. But there was a testimony of just a healing. He he did not went in this service. And he know that there is a woman had cancer. The doctor have give her up. They just go and help look after this woman. And all of a sudden at night they hear a screaming. But they said to well he gone sister so and so gone. So morning we will go and see how we will help. When they go she have fried apple pie. Amen. She could have cook again last night. She had cancer. Amen. Yeah. And just the man of God said that when you leave your home, you have take out a a courtship and you have take it from such and such draw with a blue figure on it. Take that court and go and lay it in the name of Jesus Christ and she will be healed. She have obeyed the voice. That was God's provided way for a woman given up by doctor and that woman go just according to how the prophet of God said if she have been obedient if she have go and said no no no I am putting this court I'm going to use olive oil no she would have lose it but she have go and take that same court chief and she have believed Because when she believe she's called wrong. You have come. This is what the man of God because he don't know how he see in my house. Yes. And tell me what what I do and they and God have healed her. Amen. She have god provided way. and life come back in that woman and that infidel now will start to know God but he said one man I would like to reach one preacher he's somewhere from Indiana well I thank God that that preacher passed through Dorban and had a meeting never in history throughout the Bible throughout any time. One prayer. All who have heart trouble, stand to your feet and receive it. All who come out of your wheelchair. Throw away your clutches and wheelchair. I thank God for a God like that. Amen. He He want to reach that man. When go when people have seen something real and genuine, they can make an infidel. You hear him name infidelity. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. He didn't even believe. But he had a question now. He want to reach this man and ask him how and he have led that man to Christ infidel. Yes sir. So that wasn't a infidel. That was a seed of Abraham being in amnesia. He did not know who he was. He did not know that he was a son of God. I He's not infidel. I will go and reach him. Because he died accepting Jesus Christ as his savior. And I will go over there and I want to shake his hand. Amen. He die in victory. Yes. God has a provided way for the duck. Yes. That duck the be a swamp in a pond born and grow up there. But every time there is a a certain amount of people and even duck or whatever animal, you always have a leader. Yes. And and in this pond, this leader, he just from the time they first cool frost and this wind start to blow, he just come out in the middle of it and he honk a few times and when he honk a few times, all the ducks from different part coming out than English language That is a godgiven language. They know what the doctor come. Yes. And for after that duck in the pond, they start to flap the wings. They start to get a good time. Before they take their flight and leave for safety, they having a unity and a good time. There is a flight there. We have to leave. We not planning to stay. We planning to leave. It won't get better, brethren. It won't get better. So, we planning to leave. But before there will be a rapture. You have to be a unity. It have to be a revival. Start to flap your wings and look up. Amen. And that doctor carried him to safety with a Godgiven instinct. Well, God give the the bride God give his wife that he will fly away the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. And that Holy Ghost make the difference. Yes, sir. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, it will quicken your mortal body. Hallelujah. If you have died without the Holy Ghost, no quickening power. Because when you resurrect Yes. Amen. Oh yeah. Only the dead in Christ going to rise first through resurrection. The dead in Christ shall rise first. And you have to get quickening power. The way you go down so you come up. So if you go down as a thief, you not come up. Yes. If you go down as a adulterer, you ain't coming up. You want time w come come up for judgment. I don't want to come up in that time. I prefer make it right now my election sure. Hallelujah. That I am sure that sure that I get my ticket in my hand. Hallelujah. And then your ticket in your hand, he can fall out of your hand. I want it in my heart. Go on and make your heart with a po a part that he going to place his holy spirit inside. The devil can't steal that out. And then not only he put it there, he have sealed it because Ephesians 4:30, grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Amen. I thank God for that seal. Amen. So this this infidel and this prophet he he just talk about the apple tree. Yeah. What intelligence tell that tree? Yeah. That when the this the leaf start to drop off. Yes. What intelligence tell him? Yeah. Yes, God. I can see God everywhere. When you see them leaves start to drop off, I see God. Amen. And before you get new leaf, you the old one got drop off. You can't get old and new come. No. So that's why you must be born again. And to be born again, this have to die. Your own idea have to die out. The way your seating, how you think, your feelings, everything have to die and come under the headship of the word of God. God has a provided way. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth from the mouth of God. Amen. To them that overcome will grant to sit with him in his throne. You can't overcome with your idea. You can't overcome by thinking the way of thinking. You just have to go God's provided way. Hallelujah. And you can overcome but you have to know what is it written for. You can't go build a ark. Now at the Bible, you read the Bible and you go and build an ark. God never tell you to be like [Music] so you have to do what is your part and your part as it was in the days of Noah. Amen. What was it in the days of Noah? In the days of Noah, God had a prophet in the land warning the people. Anytime you see a prophet, that prophet is to warn the people is to repent. It's to and he always have a safety zone. So if you accept God provided when he sent a prophet, you will listen to the benefits and you want the benefits, you have to obey God's word. God word that is God's provided way. What is it in this day as it was in the days of Noah? What happened before the door closed? The believer inside the ark. Yes. The believer that believe God now walk with plenty. Yes. Yeah. You are walking a straight and narrow road. And few find. So you may not have a big church. You may not have church like when you pass and you see denomination church big parking lot. But thank God you are that despise fuel. You are that and you are the apple of his eye that you are the people that he come and died for us. Thank you Lord. You are a blessed people. To them that overcome will grant to sit with him in his throne. But you have to go through persecution. I'm not preaching no better roses gospel. You have to be tested. Amen. You have to be tried. You have to be pressurized. You think a juster you want to be number as eagle. You want to be eagle. Eagle is the most pressurized board. You just sail and go and go and go. You have to build a certain way. So if you are build that certain way, pressure. There was a a young man come up to a pastor, "Pastor, I want to be a strong Christian." And the pastor said, "Lord, give him trouble. Pressure him. Give him trial." Amen. He said, "Pastor, no, no. I want to be a He said, "You can't be a strong Christian without testing, trial, pressure." [Music] Amen. If he get young man here, if you ask me that, tell me that you want to be strong. Yeah. I said, well, I start you out with 20 push-ups, but you're going to exceed 200. I want you to do so much squat. Bunning, you weak. So, as I give you walk, push-ups, squat. sit up. Yeah. I start to exercise you and after that when 20 push-up you when I sweat 20 push-up become nothing. That's wrong. You get it's pressure. But it come with pain too. No pain no gain. Hallelujah. If when a when when a housewife the first baby she get and that pain she go through she say watch no more but because of the gain because of this lovely child she forget the pain she get in her next one she ain't studying the pain she look at no pain no gain so this Christian life is not no better roses. Come and accept Jesus Christ and all your trouble gone. You fooling the people. But we can tell you they are someone that cast your cares upon him. Or if he carry the weight of the world, I know my brother. I know my sister. He will carry you. Amen. Amen. All your burden. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Hallelujah. I thank God I hold on to a God like that. Hallelujah. You have duck. Barnyard duck. Yeah. Pentecostal denominational dot they feed with all kind of feed when they make so they have wing but they ain't going no way they oversize you have to lay aside weight what are the weightless sins of this world what are the cares that holding you downh He have things that holding you down. Holding you that you can't spend time read the word of God. God have sent a voice with this day and you can't press play and listen a message. What causing you what holding you back from listening to the message that this message come to prepare a bride for the rapture? This message telling you how to live. You can't live like the denomination you give you a broad road but no broad road religion. There is a straight and narrow road and few that find it. So it's not no broad road. God has a provided way and the provided way there is a straight and narrow road. Amen. So you you have to live. Some people will say man this message too hard. No. The reason why too hard is because you need to take the book of Joel. Your sons and daughter will prophesy. Amen. You know when that come to pass when the same fisherman he said this is that. Amen. that prophecy with the book in the book of Joel at the day of Pentecost. He said this is that God has a provided way. Hallelujah. That when that blood from Jesus have they crucify him and that blood had a life because Jesus said I have power to lay down my head and to take it up again. Yes sir. And then he was comforting the disciple. I will not leave you comfortless. I will be with you. Yes. Even in you until the end. Amen. I have believed that. So when the disciple them in their trouble and they struggle and all thing and they they were so worried he tell them go and t Acts 1 and8 he said you shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you just go and tar in the city of Jerusalem until you endure with power from on higher. Amen. and it begin from Jerusalem unto the utmost part Judah Samaria and unto look the gospel is here till in South Africa till in South America in China in Australia in Russia in all the part of the world everywhere God have his children you talk about big church now amen I am in the biggest church and that one say I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. So I have coming out from some amnesia and fly some hours to come and see how far the people are get weary and plan a stop to refill refuel how far my church there my church in South Africa my church in Zimbabwe my church in India my church in China and is one church that is size of the Are you in that number? There was a orange tree and the prophet of God went in a orange grove and he see a orange tree and he see this orange tree but it's a orange tree but he get lime. He have lemon. He have grapefruit. He have tangelo. You have tangerine. You have all the other no orange. What? How that But is a orange tree denomination make? Yes. Yeah. Assemblies of God. Full gospel. Amen. New Testament church of God. Nazarene. Yeah. And bear them fruit. Yeah. What bishop say how to do? Bishop say okay for them sister wear pants because the place does cold. The prophet of God has a provided way. It's a abomination for a woman to put on a garment that pertain to a man. It's a abomination. If it's a a bom. So you can't tell me that winter I used to be there when that preach. Yes. But winter now and think word of God don't change. Heaven and earth pass away. But not one jot or title of his word. If you add to this scripture, he will add plagues to your life. If you take out from the scripture, he will take out your life. But thank God. So he asked the question when again will this limb next year bear orange? No assemblies of God bear that fruit how long he remain assemblies of God. Yeah. So he said when again he said unless it put forth another truth from the original. So that's why you can find denomination. They using the same word of God that you reading from and they but the fruits show what they bearing. They bearing Nazarene fruit. Full gospel and watch where they are saying full gospel. Full Jezebel, full data, not full gospel. We need some gospel. Amen. To make you you you have some sense. You must be born again from the original tree push forth. It bear the original. Thank God at the day of Pentecost when he said when he said these sons shall follow them that believe at the day of Pentecost when they receive the thing the works that I do you will do and greater there's ever any time ever in the scripture that 25,000 people have received healing in one prayer meeting. I thank God that it happen in Dorban. Amen. Amen. I preach about it all the time. Because something that means something to me. Amen. I feel so happy when I can stand this ground. Yes. That anointing that take me right in that place. Distance of being driving. My precious brother, we drive and tears can just hold back. I can hardly talk to him because that anointing just take over me. I could have literally feel that presence of the Lord. Hallelujah. To just stand on that ground until miles after then I I catch back myself to the normal. I thank God this God is a present tense God. This God not a God of history. and read about history. This God is the one that keeping you alive. But the Holy Ghost feed on the word of God. It have to be all too mechanics and dynamics. Amen. Hallelujah. Intellectual knowledge about the message and all them quote and so can take you to heaven. Yes. How much you know? No. Because Satan still no more than all you know. Yeah. None person, none, none none. When you talk about know how much you know them quotes, he know because he had them people bound when they being set free. So he know when you talk about how much heal, he go 25,000. 25,000 was the major. Yeah. But there are many people did not come back and walk behind the truck. So Satan go tell you no that figure wrong. He can tell you 45,000. So he know more than you. So your knowledge not take you there or he go be there. Satan go be there. So knowledge not take you there. It's you have to be obedient to the word of God. Amen. You must be born again. There was a preacher one time so preacher to and I'll sometime know not get the Holy Ghost and he named Buddy Robertson and he was plowing his corner and he have his donkey and he pulling and the donkey walking contrary and he get so mad. You know the fourth stage of insanity is temper. Yes. A hit down thing and a pel down thing and so a four stage you amen continue. Yeah. But there is four stage of insanity. Amen. is when you start get temper and you lick down and slam door and so watch when people under anger after that they got to tell their wife I'm sorry or tell their husband I saw or tell their children because sometime parents and all they going through their financial problem and they taking out from their children or husband giving wife problem and the child getting some serious lash. Yeah. Anger taking out wrong place, insanity. But I thank God that we are going to a place where where all them frustration and all them trouble and all them trials. There will be a place where no gray hair, no bald head there, no big belly man there. You'll be you talk about scrubbing board. I talk about young and strong. You talk about not no outer shape women there. They get three children and four and before they married they like glass the glass bottle and when they get couple children you become like that the big drink one round. No over there you going remain glass. The prophet of God he have seen millions. Thank God that God have car him to a place that he could see all that love you. Amen. And all that he love when you see a love. Hallelujah. Let me tell you the work not become hard. Yes. Love does make sacrifice. Hallelujah. Look how Jo Jacob love Rachel that seven years become like a nothing to his his eyes was on the price. Rachel imagine seven year pass out like nothing when he married he married the wrong one that one man. But what your saw has reaped, he have smart his brother for the birthright and then he smart for the blessing. But God has a provided way. In this scripture said, the older shall serve the younger because the older did not had respect unto God thing. His eyes was on the blessing. His eye was on material thing. But keep your eyes on things above. But in blessing, God will bless you because you have obey his voice. and Jacob the gardener key. How you get the Holy Ghost? Yes. He had a man that received the Holy Ghost in pig pen. Yes. Amen. Get a pick pen. And the next one say you want the Holy Ghost. He said, "Come follow me." And they go in. He said, "No, I can receive." He said, "No, no." He start roll up his pants and walking through the pig pen. He said, "No." He say, "You not want it." Yeah, because carrying you to where he receive it. Robert when he realize this and he bite the donkey makes you talk about temper preacher temper. Buddy Robertson donkey hair in his teeth pulling out cleaning out. You realize something. You say, "Lord, I lack something." Amen. I want the Holy Ghost. Amen. And I would not move right in his farm. And he get down on his knees. He said, "If you not give me the Holy Ghost, all that you will find a pile of bone and not moving." When you see you get desperate like that, brethren, God will fill you up. You have to get desperate and and God will fill you. God can change your life. The things I used to do, I do them no more. The place you used to go, you end up and go them no more. The lies you used to tell them, you tell them no more. The people name that you used to gossip. You stop gossiping [Music] because when God when you have unity, God power is ready to move because 120 were in one place with one minor and one accord in one place. And there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind and it filled the house. And there were licks of fire upon each and every one of them. They see the licks of fire. But I tell you, brethren, that licks of fire wasn't there on the head all the time. It end up going in the heart of them. Hallelujah. don't satisfy with the anointing in the church and you cry in church and you feel nice in church when you go out that don't that don't help you to overcome but when the anointing can come in and stay in your heart and he's sealed down there no devil can steal your joy don't let the devil steal your joy there is a peace like a There is a peace like a fountain in your soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When you have get that experience. So I tell you, brethren, you have power. Acts 1 and8. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. I have taste of data. I have grew up in a pastor home. I have grown up in a strict home where I see my mother and father live a upright life, a godly life. I play guitar in church and I was a crook. So don't tell me because you play music. Yeah. Or be a song leader. I know sing song and people crying and then again nothing to do with it. Have you been born again by the spirit of God? And when I see see my crooked crooked life living I know. That's why the word of God say let every man examine himself. Amen. Examine your wife and examine your children and examine your neighbor. Examine yourself. See how you stand with God. See if any wicked ways is in you. See if anything that contrary because we planning to leave. You got to lighten up the load. Lay aside. Wait, brethren. There is coming a rapture. What are you thinking about? I am thinking of a rapture. And I tell you, brethren, you know how blessed you are. When that song of redemption say all the angel have to take a seat. Hallelujah. Take a seat and listen. They cannot join that song because I am redeemer. There is a redeemer. come to redeem a sinful man to a righteous God. I am redeemed. I have been bought with the price. We have a right to shout. We have a right to praise God. Let's give him a wonderful praise offering. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes Lord. You know normally sometime and I I just God just thing notes and everything just gone. Yes. Amen. But I thank God that he promise that you just fill with the spirit of God. He promised he will put words in your mouth and that is happening here. That word know you that each and you come for a blessing and everybody bless here. You have leave your home to come to have a blessing and God have bless your heart. Man can do that. Brother Joel can bless you. But I thank God him. He can bless you. He can supply your needs. He know what you need. I don't know where your name. I can't even pronounce the pastor name. Amen. So how are you going to bless? And he know your name. Amen. Hallelujah. He know your height when before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But sometime they are they are eagle and eagle have made to fly. But I tell you brethren although eagle have made to fly. I go in this zoo and I see eagle just get a little space. They jumping from here to there and they have big wings. He have cage bars. I bar them up. When I watch the eagle because I know I am as eagle and when I see a eagle in a in a in a in a zoo I just feel I just feel for that border that look is big wing and he have seal up but they are many of God's eagle they're on bar Satan have bar Satan have chains of sin they are sometimes in drug addict They are in prostitution. They are in all kind of dirty life. But no chain, no Satan bar is too strong for the Lord will set you free. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Look, they lock up Peter and them disciple in prison and not just prisoning the inner one. Yeah. Yeah. One, two, three. But automatic door. Yeah. Since then, he had it. Manmade automatic. They just keep walking. The angel leading them. Door open. Door open. There's no door. Yeah. Paul. Yeah. Amen. When they beat him with a whole set lash, they scored him proper. And when they scor him, I believe in Paul and Silas, they were in prison. And what they what they in prison for? a woman fortune telling and telling and they make good money out of her. And she telling the truth, she tell that these men are man of God and these men bring salvation to the truth. M yeah. So what we would have do, we would have run and say, "Yes, you are a woman of God. But thank God there was a prophet. He see he's a eagle and he see different. He see that that is a evil spirit on that woman and he cast out a demon from from Satan prophesy to Satan see vision to Satan could have said these men are man of God they preaching salvation but what the denomination will do this is a woman this a prophetist bring them start to a next organization connect it to to we denomination connect it and bear same sinful fruit. But Paul a eagle eye looked down and said it's a evil spirit. I command you Satan get out of her and the business done. They making money from how and they put them in prison and not only prison they scourge them proper but look a man of God although pain all over with lashion in prison they start to praise God they start to pray and there came something happened the prison start to rock earthquakes start to happen all the shackles and everything that was on their feet start to loose. All them other prisoners start to move. Then this this guard that keeping the gate, he realizes death to make prisoner release is death. Yeah. So before he got to be punished to death, not just you know what I'm saying, bow or or kill you. They go torture you piece by piece. So you got dead but with punishment. So he know the punishment. So he decide to go and kill your own self. I said no no no we not like them rest people we are here. Yes. And that man could have see God in prisoner. And that prisoner accept he and his household accept Christ that night and being baptized the same night. Now you're preaching to people, young people, and I am ready yet. I am ready. You're not ready yet. You better you be ready because this rapture can happen any time. And brethren, the tr the trouble, the trials, there is a way right now. If you're not baptized, repent and be baptized everyone, not some of you. every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. for this promise is unto you and to your children. Hallelujah. And to your children children and to them that are in South Africa, to them that are in Zimbabwe, to them that are in Ghana, to them that are in India, to them that are in South America, to them to the utmost part of the world. Amen. This promise is unto you. Amen. Are you accept that promise tonight? Have you sure that you're sure that you have the Holy Ghost? Amen. Because your fruit sell you out, you know. Hallelujah. And you know how you live. There are many Christian many many scam Christian brother scamp. If you have been paid 8 hour to work for a certain amount of money and your boss is not around. Yes. And you take your seat comfortable and when you know boss are come you jump up and your scamp you need to repent. You need to be honest. The Holy Ghost will make you honest. There was a African slave boy. One time he's in a plantation and and when the the person go to buy slave, you say, "I like that one." Let me tell you, brethren, when you accept Jesus Christ as your savior and you have been born again, people are like you all over. People see the difference in you. Yes. They might envy you all too. Hallelujah. They must see a difference. I like that one. He's not for sale. I want to tell you, you are not for sale. You are not cheap. You are bought with a price. You are not your own. Paul said, "I am a prisoner for Christ." All the prison that Paul went in, Paul never said he's a prisoner in for mana. He No, he saw I'm a prisoner for Jesus Christ. And I am also a prisoner because I have bought with a price. I am not my own. So I am not own way how I want to do thing. I am bought with a price. So I have to go according to God word. Hallelujah. Because I'm no more I have bought. I take the sell out. I have take by me. Hallelujah. I am in the right person, right King over me. the king of kings and he's the lord of lord he's the one that make me everything that you see seen and unseen visible and invisible I'm made by him he the one that buy me he the one that pay to redeem when satan get us in his pawn shop he's the one come and he paid hallelujah the price he have redeemed me yes lord Although Satan had had the children that was under the blood of bulls and goat and and thing they had them when he have come down from the cross when he done pay and he say it is finished. So when it is finished he leave there and he gone and when he gone he gone preaching to the souls that did not repent. So, brethren, don't wait for that. Repent now. You have a chance to repent. You have a chance to you you may do some crooked thing. Repent. Amen. If you have your wife and you have do any crooked thing with any other women, and you not repent. Not tell me you're 10 year you going to tell God you're sorry. No. Yes. If you sin against God, repent against God. Amen. Yeah. If you sin against your marriage vow. Yes. No matter how he hard. Amen. Amen. Go and tell your wife. Amen. I've done this with such and such woman. That is repentance. Amen. You're not sin so easy after that, you know. But when it easy, when it easy, you do the wrong and you say, "Lord, forgive me." And you do it again. No. This gospel is a straight and narrow road. There was a woman one time she pray she's a church Sunday school teacher and she husband I want deacon in the church and she going up for prayer soon as alter call she run up pray and she getting worse and worse and worse and now the she pastor said watch go to Brother Brana, he's a prophet. He does see thing and and he called the prophet and he said, "I was send one of my member. We don't know all the and but she getting nervous. She she she tripping out." Yeah. And he went he said, "Watch. Go and talk to my wife. Spend some time I go in choir and as soon as I call you come and he start to see I thank God for a prophet like that and he start to see and he said I see you in a car I'm not in no car I never know he said no just sit still you only can tell what you see your husband is a blondheaded man and I see you with a blackheaded man. She jump and she scream out. She say I make it right with God. He say you're not sin against God. You sin against your marriage vow. No matter if a gallon of olive oil you pour on him and pray and son. No, you got to go back to the husband that you sin against. You said no. You put me away. Said God, you prefer God put you away. You better your husband put you away. But he said, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I see something else. Your husband have the same." She said, "No, he's a deacon in the church." Deacon Donna said nothing. deacon in the church. If you not get a Holy Ghost, you do nonsense. Whether you're a deacon in the church, so he said, "Well, all right, take the phone and call your husband." And when he said what? And they make it right. And after that she have been forgiven. The husband have been forgiven. So brethren, this road is a straight and narrow road. If you have sin against this brother, come and face him. I said, brothers, I've been talking your name behind your back. And I want I I beg you, forgive me. I tell you, if this brother ever trust you before, he trusts you more now. Amen. If I I have done something wrong to brother Joshua and I have done something wrong and doing it sideway sideway and I make so now and I walk up to him and say brother Joshua such and such people I tell I talk lie against you I do this I'm sorry I love you with the love of God I am wrong I ask you to forgive me I tell you brother Joshua will love me more than before. Don't make Satan lie to you that what brother Joshua he will trust you more. So repent. Repent of all your sins. You have no right to keep any malice. You have no right to keep any any hatred in your heart because he is coming back for the honest in heart. He is coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle. He is coming back for a glorious church. And brethren, we want to clean up. We are looking to leave. Unpack your goods. Unpack. Lay aside. Wait. Hallelujah. Amen. Wait does hold you down. In Guyana, we just get horse racing. And when them horse keep running after a while you put more weight and especially a certain age horse have to run with the younger class they put more weight and the horse eventually slow down weight keeping you back brethren just serve the Lord. Amen. Love the Lord. Make sure you receive power. Amen. To take your flight. And this God, when you have that power, let tell your brethren, you can cast out devil. You can heal the sick. You can do so much things. You can be a help to others. Amen. But when you not get a power Yeah. and you're there by the street side and somebody sick, they say, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on. Tomorrow or weekend, I will get me pastor for come back. You're not ready yet. You working Christian, you shall receive power after the Holy Ghost." Thank you, Lord. These signs shall follow them that believe. Are you a believer? If you a believer, whether your your girl, your woman, he never say these signs shall follow the pastor. The scripture will be read. Amen. These signs shall follow them that believe. I remember one time I was sick sick sick and I lie down in a bed and my daughter just small soul and she said daddy you're sick. I said yes I can hardly able move. She said daddy will pray for you gentle Jesus help daddy to feel good in Jesus name. Amen. In 5 minutes time I get up from that bed. I could have go and take a shower and I feel good in five minutes. That's why you got to get back that childlike faith. Now no long long long prayer long long prayer for impress people. But God know prayer with faith be short. You all just listen to them prayer line. Yes. Listen to them prayer line and they are not you know say women abortion is a sin is a sin but man does do abortion too. Yeah. Children does do it too. When you come up here for prayer and your pastor have lay hand for you and and you have a sick evangelist come down and last week you had prayer for the same thing and I could make sure you run up and you abort that prayer. Oh yes. And all them people too when they pastor announce that you remember brother so and so in prayer. Amen. And you make sir I come and you run up and you you think that me get power. I get if the prophet said I am just like any one of you. You know what I'm waiting on? I'm waiting on him. I want to point you that when the servant of the Lord, whether you pastor, whether a sister or a brother prayed for you, accept it with good faith and mustard seed faith and no sickness can stay in your body. Hallelujah. Must faith in a finished work at Calvary. He paid it. By his stripes, you are healed. No matter if I pray for you or your pastor pray for you or your sister so pray for you or brother so and so pray for you. These signs shall follow them that believe. If two agree touching anything it shall be done. Matthew 18:18 whatsoever you have bind on earth will be bound in heaven. Whatsoever you have loosed on earth will be loosed in heaven. And 18:19 If two agree touching anything, it shall be done. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Walk on that straight and narrow. That is God's provider. Hallelujah. And God's provided way. He sent a message. Ela tell me more. Well, I thank God I've been listening to that Ellie is and I know who my Isaac look like. I know what the bridegroom look like. And I tell you, he's not far. How husband and wife just did it is in the same bedroom. And I thank God that that that one my bridegroom is in here because I received the person of Jesus Christ. When you have received the Holy Ghost, you have received the person of Jesus Christ and husband and wife have to come together before children born. So when you see he come together with you, you see the fruits of the spirit. love, joy, peaceuh, longsuffering, gentleness, godliness, brotherly kindness. Amen. Hallelujah. You see star bear. Thank you, Lord. Brethren, I believe this enough. Amen. I believe you enjoy. Put your hand for Jesus. I'm not here to review because I don't know I don't even I can't even pronounce the pastor name Adrian and the title I can't pronounce it. So I know none of you. I know brother Joshua just by today. But you know, and I'm not here for you to know that this person do something and got to him. Yeah. And tell him straight up your life. He got to know. Amen. And if he straighten up his life, he said, "Lord, help me." Lord, you have speak to me tonight. Yes. And I going to listen to your word. Obedient is better than sac and I have a I am preaching a good news gospel. The preacher, the gospel of a preacher is good news. Yes. And the good news, the word of God said, "Whatsoever you sow, you shall reap." Amen. Well, I tell you brethren, all them thing where you s you all able reap all the wrong thing from small growing up you able to reap. You can't go up there. If you got to reap them thing, you he's press you down. But the good news, if you plant a tree, yes, you have the ability, yes, to take the axe. Yes sir. Or the cut last. Yes. And chop it up. Before he push forth fruit. Yes sir. Before you start pick and you realize you have done wrong. Amen. You have sinned against your wife. You have sinned against the church. You have sinned. So you have sin at workplace. Just make so and chop down the tree and throw it in the sea of forgetfulness. Never to remember. You don't have to pick from that tree. So now whatsoever way you sow you a reaper block out the tree. Say Lord forgive me. Hallelujah. And your children children don't have to reap from that tree. Because if you left the tree and you dead and gone. Yes. Your children go reap. And sometime your grandchildren go reap. But pluck out the tree and he have a way. There is a fountain filled with blood. Ask God to forgive you and forgiveness get away we because if that woman 10 year and she pray to God how much time and no forgiveness she had to go to your husband and says I did done this wrong. I'm sorry. Amen. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the word of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Let's all stand together. Hallelujah. Amen. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. Yes. Amen. In this atmosphere, let's just worship the Lord and give him the glory he deserves. Amen. The Lord has been said, Holy Spirit speaking to our hearts. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Caleb, can you switch us back on? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing that song. He paid the debt he did not hold. And I owe a debt I could not pay. We needed someone to wash our sins away. Amen. [Music] He paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I ordered debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new [Applause] song all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Sing it again now. He paid the debt. He did not owe my ow. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing the brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the I could bear. One more time. He paid the debt. He paid the He did not my debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All Christ Jesus made the day that I could ever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, isn't he wonderful, wonderful, wonderful? Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Amen. Isn't Jesus our God, my Lord? Wonderful. Aren't you wonderful? Oh, wonderful. [Music] Oh, just worship him. Give him praise. Wonderful. I just see everything in his word. [Music] Amen. Can we all just worship the Lord and give him praise? Amen. Let's begin to talk to our father. Amen. Even as the word of God has come forth. Amen. If we need to make ourselves right before the Lord, if we need to confess before the Lord, Amen. Now is the time, amen, to go before the Lord. Amen. While the word is so fresh in our hearts, amen. We can come, Amen, before the Lord with repentance in our hearts. Amen. We can come to glorify his name and say, "Thank you, Lord, that you came not for me, oh God, Lord, to speak to my heart tonight, oh God. Lord, you would send your servant, oh God, to come to share the word of the Lord. And I pray today if you hear his voice, harden not your heart, Amen. But hear what the voice is saying." Amen. Hear what the spirit is saying this evening. Amen. Hallelujah. Father, we come before you, worshiping you, giving you praise, giving you adoration, oh God. Truly, you're worthy of praise. Oh God, we thank you, Lord, that you have a provided place, oh God. And Father, Lord, we thank you, Lord, that we know, oh God, without a shadow of a doubt, oh God, that we are in your provided place of worship, oh God. We know you have provided a sacrifice, oh God, for this place of worship, oh God. And Lord, we are proud to be identified with the sacrifice, oh God, of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, his precious blood which you shed on the cross of Calvary, Lord. Lord, we take that blood and we apply it upon our lives. Oh God, we say, Father, forgive us where we've wronged you, failed you, Lord. If word indeed, Father, I pray, Lord, that you would wash us who cleans us, oh God. You would deliver us, oh God. Father, I pray Lord that your people God that chains will be broken. Oh God, shackles will come off. Oh God, Father, I pray Lord the sick be healed. Oh God, deliverance will come to them oh God in the mighty name of Jesus. Oh God, we know Lord that power to the gospel oh God. And as you stand you shall receive power from an eye. Oh God, we know Lord the preaching of the word oh God is accompanied by signs, wonders and miracles. Oh God, we know, Father, Lord, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh God, you're not a man that you should lie. Oh God, take you at your word. Father, leaving your trust in you, Lord [Music] Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Father, thank you, Jesus. Amen. Oh God, we're so glad Lord your servants pray that we are in a union. We are your father. We are Mrs. Jesus Christ. We are talking from our head. Oh God, I come into a union with you, Father God, that this world knows nothing about you. What a wonderful Lord. Lord, God, you have the preeminence, Father. Come, Lord, and have the preeminence in your body now, Lord Jesus. Have the preeminence in your bride, Lord. Have the preeminence, Father. will put on. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the headstone that's here, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I pray Lord that tonight, oh God, will be a breakthrough, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Pour your spirit upon your sons and your daughters, oh God. Hallelujah. Glory be your name, Jesus. Jesus Christ. Wonderful. Wonderful power of Jesus. Glory, glory, glory, glory. tonight believe that the Lord is here on the earth getting everything ready Lord preparing us oh God for the dynamics to strengthen the church oh God hallelujah thank you Jesus oh my god All we don't have to father get emotional lord we know in whom we believe tonight oh god for he has become our flesh he became me so that I could become him oh god how I thank you tonight for your goodness lord truly and your mercy and your grace beyond anything a man could fathom Lord we give you thy praise tonight oh we can worship you Lord Yes, you are worthy to be woripped. You are worthy to be praised. We thank you, Lord God, that your father made our life righteous, oh God, right there, Lord, in the beginning, Lord, you showed, oh God, Adam and his wife, that your righteousness will be faring them, oh God, when you slew the lamb, Lord, and covered them with the lamb's skin. Oh lamb of God, we have been covered with your righteousness. We've surrendered our scarf, Father. Amen. Be covered in your righteousness, Father. We don't have to put on, Lord. Amen. We don't need no makeup. Amen. We don't need no mask, Lord. We don't have to manufacture nothing. No, God, we don't have to, Father God, impress anybody. We're not here in that business, Lord. We are here to worship him, Lord. redeemed us, oh God, from that which is corruptable, oh God. Father, the worst person in the world was myself, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. You look down upon me, Father, and you pick me up. Thank you, Jesus. God, that's why I love you so. I want to just give you my best, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Amen. Is there anybody here that needs prayer? Amen. Maybe you're sick body, you want to raise your hand. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Maybe there's somebody you know. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. You can stand proxy. Amen. Somebody Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe you're not physically here. Hallelujah. Maybe somebody's here that's in need. Amen. Amen. And amen. And amen. We have no doubt in the power of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. The Bible says, "The prayer of faith shall save the sick." Yes. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Glory. The power don't lay in brother Joe. Amen. Power lay in the Christ in Brother Joe. Amen. The power lay in the Christ in me and you. Yes. Sometimes we know how to operate the gift. We need to know how to operate and be sensitive to the Holy Spirit. Amen. Yes, Lord. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. I see a few hands. If you want to come forward, I'll ask brother Joel to come and pray. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just take the camera, stand out of the way. Nobody's in a hurry.
