################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-04-10 - The Prince of Persia Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-04-10
Title:    The Prince of Persia: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8rDbDmdanQ
========================================

Description:
Sunday, April 10th, 2024 Tucson Tabernacle, 10 AM. Pastor Daniel Evans ministers about the current situation in the Middle East.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. [Music] Amen. We could we come. [Applause] Yeah. There's a great man in the Bible that was called a friend of God. And we all believe that we are sons and daughters of that man Abraham. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, we are grateful to come here this morning in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Father, we pray that you would continue your blessings today as we read your word, Father, and we worship you. And Lord, we pray that you would open up this word to our hearts, to our minds that we might understand better. And father when we leave we pray that we would be like the ones on the road to Emmas and say did not our hearts burn within us as he talked with us by the way. Bless our congregation. Father bless our service this morning we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you all. You can take your seats. Apologize about the uh our technical difficulties. It's just part of it when we're under construction. Appreciate I've seen brother Jordan. He's running back and forth and to and fro and here and there trying to get everything to where it's to where it's working good. Um it's uh it's probably gonna we're going to run into problems over the next month or so as we um get this all this work done. Um, welcome to our visitors. It's It's good to have It's good to have a group. I uh Where's Rihanna's family? Where's Where you at, sis? God bless you. Proud of your little girl. She did a good job this morning. I'm proud proud of her. She's got a really nice spirit. She's a She's a Oh, there she is. She's hiding behind there. God bless you, sis. Good job. We appreciate it. Um, welcome to all our other visitors. I see a couple faces that um that I don't know. Welcome to those in the back. God bless you all. Thanks for joining us. It's it's always an honor that you would come and fellowship with us and worship. It's good to see brother Bobby, Sister Ca here, Figureroa, and your family. God bless you, bro. We've prayed for you. Let me tell you something that these hardships that we go through, God's ways are not our ways and his thoughts are not our thoughts. He knows what's best for his people. And as I've been ministering on the past couple weeks that it's in the lowest times in our lives that God really speaks to us. And sometimes we suffer and and we don't maybe understand why, but we have to put it in back into God's hands and say, "Lord, you have a plan in all of this." And though my suffering might be great right now, Lord, I I would rather suffer and be in your perfect will than to be perfectly well and be outside of your will. So these times of suffering and they just, brother Bobby, they make us appreciate the good times so much more. Sister Cam, I know that you've been through it too. God bless your heart and thank you for your stand on our Lord and Savior Jesus. God God bless you. Is that the Johnson family back there? God bless you. It's good good to see you all. It's um it's just good. It's a good it's a good day to be in the house of the Lord. Also, um I didn't put in a prayer request, but when we pray, remember Sister Roseanne. Many of you know her. She's lives in Israel. Um hard time right there right now. Not only just with with the dangers as far as the war that's going on, but also she asked that we would also pray for her son. Um I guess employment's getting a little bit more difficult there. So, keep them in prayer also. Um it's a strange thing that's going on in Israel right now. Actually, I had a sermon uh that I felt on my heart to preach this morning and and then the um this we had this mel meltdown over in the Middle East again yesterday and I felt it would be best to talk about what's going on over there. And it's it's a serious time. We've been talking in our Bible studies on Wednesday night. We've been going through 1 and 2 Samuel, 1 and 2 Kings, 1 and 2 Chronicles. Now, uh, brother Josiah went through Ezra and now I will minister or teach on Nehemiah on Wednesday and then we will go on to Esther. This is a period of time that's very very important that we understand because it has implications today. We need to know the history of what has happened in that part of the world which is basically the epicenter of any problem that ever happens. It always seems to come back to that little place called Israel and that little city called Jerusalem. That's why I believe in the psalm that David said, "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem." Because if peace is there, it seems like it just spreads everywhere. But if there is conflict there, it also spreads everywhere. So when we're praying for the peace of Jerusalem, we're also praying for the peace of the world. And remember, when this Messiah came, this Jesus, he was the prince of peace. He brought peace. And if we could just get back to him um in going through this Bible study and brothers and sisters, I would encourage you to come on Wednesday night. It's it's a blessing. We're we're learning some very very important things. We're getting really we're getting an understanding of the Bible and it's building this foundation and we've seen a cycle of sin that goes on in Israel. These sons of Jacob, as the Bible says, the sons in Jacob's name was changed to Israel. And we see how they're just beloved of God. That this man Abraham was promised this this promised land, this area that we call now Israel. And then that that promise came down through the ages and we see that it went through Isaac his son, Jacob, and then Jacob has these 12 sons and that is what this this uh country of Israel is built on. And they're just God loves them. He just holds them to his bosom. And he still does to this day. And what has happened throughout history and we've seen it in our Bible study is we see a cycle of God's blessings and then the people become complacent and they they lose their zeal and then they start falling into sin and then the curses of God come upon them and then God will send a messenger to them and shake them up and get them right and then they will come back and they will start serving the Lord again and then they will cycle back again into into um sin and it just happens over and over again. And it comes back to I'd like to read out of Deuteronomy chapter 4. I think we're going to have to do this old the oldfashioned way and open up the good old book. Deuteronomy chapter 4 verse 25. It says this, and this kind of describes what has happened over the years. 4:25 For the Lord thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God, when thou shalt begget children and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image or the likeness of anything, and shall do evil in the sight of the Lord thy God to provoke him to anger. I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land, where to ye go over Jordan to possess it. Ye shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed, and the Lord shall scatter you among the nations, and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen. That word heathen is Gentiles. be left few among the heathen whether the Lord shall lead you. Amen. So we see that right there is this promise that God said like as long as you'll serve me then you will be blessed but when you stop serving me then you will lose those blessings of God. And it says here that it will scatter you among the nations. And going through our Bible study we have seen this happen. So what happened in around 7:20, 7:30 before the Lord Jesus came, the Assyrians came into the northern Israel and destroyed those 10 tribes. Took them out, took them into captivity, brought them out of their homeland, and scattered those people all throughout the Assyrian country. the scattering and really they never returned. They left and and one by one they came back in this modern day. And then after that, a couple hundred years after that happened, then we know the Babylonian exile when Nebuchadnezzar, this king comes in and he invades Jerusalem and these those 10 tribes were scattered. There these two tribes left. Now they're going to go and he takes them captive and brings them to Babylon. takes them out of their homeland and scatters them there even further. We know that we're going through we'll we'll start on Wednesday. Brother Josiah talked about Ezra. We'll talk about Nehemiah that they were able to return to their homeland. But this scattering continued all the way past Jesus. And then in AD70 really the final blow was dealt to Jerusalem when they had forsaken Jesus. And then in AD70 over a million Jews were killed in Jerusalem. So much so that the blood ran down the streets. This emperor Titus came in and and destroyed the city and killed all the people. And they they scattered again and they went around the world and settled in different places and that is what started what we call the gentile dispensation. So God had been with these Jewish people for all of this time. He blinded their eyes about Jesus and it allowed the message to come in to what the Bible says the heathen, the gentile people. And it started this period of time that the gospel was taught to a different people that were never really good in the Bible, that were never even noticed in the Bible. And that is this gentile dispensation. There's seven ages and it lasts for about 2,000 years. And now we are seeing the closing time of this dispensation. I know I'm I'm speaking to people that already know this, but I think that it's going to it's a very good review for what I'm going to say about what's going on in the Middle East right now. So what we see in the late 1800s, remember the dispersion had happened. What we see in the late 1800s is we see this movement called Zionism start to take place. And what that was was these people had been persecuted all the time, these Jewish people. and they wanted to come back to a safe place where they could raise their families in safety and not worry about persecution. Ezekiel 11:16 says this, "Therefore say thus sayeth the Lord God, although I have cast them far off among the heathen," again that means the Gentiles, "and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come. Therefore say, thus sayeth the Lord God, I will even gather you from the people and assemble you out of the countries where you have been scattered and will give you the land of Israel. A prophecy of what would happen in the last days. Ezekiel 36:24 says this, "For I will take you among the heathen and gather you out of all countries and bring you into your own land." Amos 9:14 says this, "And I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel, and they shall build the waste cities and inhabit them, and they shall plant vineyards and drink the wine thereof. They shall also make gardens and eat the fruit of them. and I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of the land which I have given them, sayeth the Lord thy God. Once again, a prophecy that they are going to return to their land after they have been dispersed. So, we see that this persecution starts on these Jews. Remember that sometimes many most of the time God will bring a persecution upon us because things are just too easy. He'll bring that persecution on us to get into his will because we're not praying enough. We're not spending enough time in the Lord. We're not really in his word all the time. So what he does as an act of kindness, he'll bring persecution upon us. So then we will seek the Lord and he will get us back into his will which is what started to happen there in the early 1900s. We see the Holocaust with World War II. We've seen six million Jews being killed and they had to run away from this. We see in Russia with Stalin and him killing millions of Jews. Also, we see that the God used the enemy to push these people back to their homeland because prophecy had to be fulfilled. Matthew chapter 24. I'm going to be here for a little bit so you can turn there in your Bible. Matthew chapter 24, verse one. And Jesus went out and departed from the temple. And his disciples came to him for to show him the buildings of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, "See ye not all these things. Verily I say unto you, that there shall not be left one stone here, one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." So Jesus right now is prophesying something that was going to happen about 40 years later. All these beautiful temples that you see, all these beautiful buildings that you see, all these beautiful walls, Jesus is there was with his disciples. He he says they're all going to be torn down. And he sat upon the Mount of Olives. The disciples came to him privately, saying, "Hey, tell us what when shall these things be, and what shall be the sign of thy coming and the end of the world?" And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you, for many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ, and shall deceive many, and ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars, that you see that you be not troubled, for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet." So right here, Jesus is is kind of warning us, kind of slipping, slipping in, saying, "Every time you see Jerusalem and Israel go to war. Don't think that the sky is falling and this is the end and everything's about about to go, there's these things are going to happen. Israel has been war torn since they first started. So every time we see something happen over there, it doesn't necessarily mean that this is the end." But Jesus goes on, they, as I said, they've fought all of these wars in Israel. In 1948, as soon as Israel became a country, as soon as they were independent, the next day, all of their Arab neighbors attacked them. And God fought for Israel. They didn't have a They were just They were brand new. They didn't have a real army. They didn't have anything really. They were just excited to get going and all of their neighbors attacked them and they won the battle. God fought for Israel. 1967, the six- day war, same thing happened. 1970 war, 1973, Yam Kapour war, again going to battle against all of their Arab neighbors. The wars in Lebanon, the wars in Gaza that we've seen recently. But today we're seeing something over the past couple days, yesterday, we're seeing something that hasn't happened before really ever. And this is a new enemy that Israel is facing. Verse number seven, for nation shall rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom, and there shall be famines and pestilence and earthquakes and diverse places. All these are the beginning of sorrows. Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you, and you shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. Then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another, and many false prophets shall arise and deceive many. These are very serious warnings that Jesus is saying. And a false prophet, friends, doesn't have to be something that you we think of like the pope or some great man. False prophet is anyone who will deceive you into following himself rather than following Jesus Christ. Don't get in your mind that a false prophet is some great man on a throne. A false prophet could be just a person within just a small group. Anyone that will lead people to themselves can fill that role. And because iniquity shall abound, the m love of many shall wax cold. But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. This is it right here. This is what I want you to keep in your heart as we go through this morning's service. And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations. What is the gospel of the kingdom? The gospel of the kingdom is that God's Messiah arrived. Jesus Christ is God's Messiah. He is the savior. He fulfills all of these prophecies that were that were going to happen. And he is it and tell the world about me. That is the gospel. And this is what Satan, the enemy of God and the enemy of all of us, this is what Satan hates more than anything in the world. It's because Jesus will pull the people to himself and out of the claws of Satan. We see it all the time. We see it in this church how people are living down and and and not living right lives and Satan just has a hold of them. He's ruining their life through through addiction or or through marital problems or whatever it might be. And then we see people start coming to Christ and their lives change and they he brings peace in their lives and love and he brings happiness. Satan doesn't he hates that. That is the thing he is the most against in the world. All of his guns are focused against Jesus Christ and the gospel. And watch his tactics. Tactics. He'll put anything between you and Jesus. Satan will. When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place. Whoso readeth, let him understand. Very important. Jesus, remember he's talking to his disciples here and he says, "Whoever reads this, let him understand." I believe he was probably talking about the book of Daniel. When you read that, you got to understand it. And he was also probably prophesying that these words are going to be written down and we are all going to read this. So let us understand what the Lord Jesus is is talking about. So so Daniel when Daniel was praying this prophet remember Daniel was in the captivity I talked about the dispersion the two of them how the first one's with the Assyrians and the second with the Babylonians. Daniel was a young man and he was brought into Babylon and Daniel prayed and what he did he prayed three times a day. He was he's a prayerful man and Daniel asked the Lord for understanding and wisdom. The book of James it says that if any of you lack wisdom let him ask of God that giveth to men all men liberally and abrath them not. doesn't doesn't correct them and it shall be given to him. Ask the Lord for wisdom and it shall be given to you. So this is exactly what Daniel did way back here in the Old Testament. It's exactly what Solomon did. They asked for wisdom to give to the people. So when we are reading our Bibles, brothers and sisters, let's ask for wisdom that God will help us to understand it because it doesn't do us any good just to read it. The Holy Spirit should give us the understanding and that's what we long for. That's what we ask for. So let's skip to verse 32 here. Jesus says this. Now learn a parable of the fig tree. And remember he's prophesying. These are things that are going to come to pass. Now learn a parable of the fig tree when its branch is yet tender and putteth forth leaves. Ye know that summer is nigh. So likewise, when you shall see all of these things, know that it is near, even at the door. So what the Lord's saying is that when you see these things come to pass, then the end is at the doors. And that is when you will see this second coming of Christ that's been talked about since Peter started talking about it way since Jesus ascended the first time. They started looking for him to return return. Now, most scholars believe that this is a parable. The fig tree represents the nation of Israel returning to their homeland, growing as trees grow and putting out leaves and and flourishing. Now, it was depicted also in a parable that the olive tree and when this olive tree was was growing, these are the Jewish people. This olive tree was cut off. When I talked about the beginning of the Gentile dispensation and the end of the Jewish dispensation there when Jesus, remember they were all Jews that accepted Jesus, they had this olive tree represented them. It was cut off and then God took another olive tree and grafted it into that stump of the olive tree and then that tree started to growing and that's us. We are we are represented by that that grafted in tree that has grown now for 2,000 years and the gospel has spread across the world to the gentile people. That's about to change because now this tree is going to give out a new branch. And Jesus is saying that he's saying that when you see this tree start to give out its branches start to bloom on its own. Now you see that the end is nigh. Brother Brandham said this. He said, "The Holy Ghost is the word of God in you that identifies." Remember I'm talking about the fig tree here that identifies itself by accepting that word. That's a good statement. The Holy Ghost is the word of God in you that identifies itself by accepting that word. Outside of that, it can't be the Holy Ghost. If it says it's the Holy Spirit and denies one word of the Bible, it cannot be the Holy Spirit. That's the evidence of whether you believe or not. No, not notice another great sign. The Jews are in their homeland, their own nation, their own money, a member of the United Nations. They got their own army. They got everything. They're in their homeland, which Jesus said, learn the parable of the fig tree. They are right back in their nation this day. This scripture is fulfilled. The Jews in their homeland. So we see through pretty much everyone we see that this fig tree and through the prophet brother Brandham, this fig tree represents Israel. And as it starts to grow and put out its leaves, that is the fulfillment of this prophecy that I just said from Jesus that when you see this happening, know that the end is nigh. Zechariah, let me read one more scripture. Zechariah 12:1 says this, "The burden of the word of the Lord for Israel, sayeth the Lord, which stretcheth forth the heavens and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formth the spirit of man within it." This is God talking. Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people roundabout, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem. And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone. It's a heavy stone or an unmovable rock for all people. All that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces. though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it. So he's saying that if you mess with Israel, it's going to be a mistake, though all the people are gathered against it. So ask congregation, what's the deal with the United Nations? They have condemned Israel more than all other countries combined. Why does this this group called the United Nations, why are they always against this little democratic country in the Middle East? Could it be maybe fulfilling this? This this United Nations is supposed to represent all the countries of the earth and all the people of the earth. But it says right here, though, all the people of the earth be gathered against it. So we see this this United Nations always condemning God's people there in Israel. We see Arab countries executing people in the streets. We see Russia murdering anyone that desissents against the government. We see China and the slave labor and the child labor and all that. Why don't they condemn all of that? But they they shoot for Israel and they condemn them for defending themselves when they're attacked and thousands of their people are raped and murdered, children burned in their cribs. And then they condemn Israel. says, "And in that day I will make Jerusalem a burden burdensome stone, a heavy stone, for all people that burden themselves with it, and all people that burden themselves with this stone shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it." So all of these things, brothers and sisters, the way I'm lay I'm laying this foundation to say that all of these things have happened in our generation. All of those scriptures have been fulfilled when most of us have been alive. really all the way back. I mean, like with me, I was born in 1971. Many of these things have happened since then. Many of these wars in Israel, some people were all the way back to when Israel became a nation in the 40s fulfilling scripture. We are seeing this. This is the greatest time in all of history. And sometimes we just sit around like, "Oh yeah, they're getting attacked again. Boy, this could be it." One day it will be it. All of us are seeing the end times fulfilled before us with our own eyes and we don't get excited about it. Seems like the world just doesn't care. It's like, "Oh yeah, that's every church in the country, pretty much every Christian church says, "Oh yeah, this is prophecy fulfilled. Get out. Change our lives." If these things are happening, then we should be excited about them. That's right. So, what about Iran? We were It's always the Arabs that surround Israel that are coming against this country and constantly picking at them and and and terrorists and all these things. But Iran is quick to tell you, we are not in the Arab League. We are not Arab. We're not part of all of these people. We are different. So, who are these Iranians that are now attacking Israel? It's something that is far more serious than we might think. Remember Josiah's lesson on um Ezra a couple weeks ago? how the king of Babylon, uh, Belshazar was there and they took the cups out of out of what they had stolen from the from the Jews and they were mocking it and then this handwriting comes on the wall and it scares this Belshazar, this this king of Babylon to where his knees were knocking together and he couldn't even control his bowels as brother Josiah so eloquently stated. was afraid. So who came in? So he was seeing this handwriting on the wall and at the same time this foreign country came in and attacked Babylon and took over the country that was these people that we call the Persians, the ancestors to the Iranians. The Iranians are very quick to tell you, we are not Arab, we are Persian. So we see them come in and take over this country. And there was a I was I wanted to see show a picture of it. But when I was in Israel, I was I was sitting on the Mount of Olives and I was looking across the valley at the eastern wall of Jerusalem and I saw that it looked kind of strange. There was there was what what used to be a gate. um there and the um it was called the Golden Gate and what happened was this man this Ottoman from the Ottoman Empire back in 1541 they're not Persian but they were heavily heavily influenced by the Persian rule by the Persian um way of life. So what he did is he knew these prophecies of this eastern gate is where that the Messiah was supposed to come into Jerusalem as a high priest. So what he did is he just walled up the gate. You know that's going to keep him out. And then they planted a graveyard there. So I was sitting there I was looking and I was like what's going on here? So this guy comes up to me. He has a Make America Great Again hat on. Why is that funny? Um, and a USA Israeli pen. Turns out he's a taxi driver. And uh he uh he starts he starts talking to me and I was like holding on to my wallet and um and he turned out to be a great guy and and he he starts telling me he's he's a tremendous historian and he says that do you see the the bricks in that gate across the valley? I said yeah. And he tells me the story about how this Ottoman ruler bricked it up and then he planted the graveyard there in front because the high priest he said couldn't walk across the graves, walk across the dead people. So as he was telling me that it's it's it's amazing there's a spirit that's against this Messiah. So, the Persians way back, the Persians invaded Babylon um after Nebuchadnezzar and Belshazar and then the prophet Daniel, he's there and he's seeking the Lord. Now, this is what I want to get to. This is my lesson this morning. Let's all turn to Daniel chapter 10. One of the most amazing stories in the Bible. Daniel chapter 10 verse one. The third year of Cyrus the king of Persia, a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Bel Beltazzer, and the thing was true. But the appointed time was long, and he understood the the thing and had understanding of the vision. Now we're on trans. Now we will transition from third person to now first person. Daniel himself is going to be telling this story. In those days I, Daniel, was mourning three full weeks. I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth. Neither did I anoint myself at all till three weeks were fulfilled. That's 21 days. This great sadness was upon Daniel. He had a burden. And in the fourth and 20th day of the month, as I as I was by the side of the great river, which is called which is Hiddakel, then I lifted up mine eyes and looked, and behold, a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with with fine gold of Ufaz, and his body also was like the like the barrel, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes of lamps of fire, and his arms, and his feet like in the color of polished brass, and the voice of his words like unto the voice of the multitude. And I, Daniel, alone, saw the vision. For the men that were with me saw not the vision, but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves. Now, this angel is coming to Daniel, and just his presence is so full of power. Therefore, I was left alone, and I saw a great vision, and there remained no strength in me, for my comeliness was turned in me to corruption, that everything good about me was turned into corruption, and I retained no strength. Yet I heard, yet heard I the voice of his words. And when I heard the voice of his words, then I was in a deep sleep upon my face, and my face toward the ground. and behold a hand touched me which set me up on my knees and upon the palms of my hands. So this present this presence of this angel is so powerful. Daniel just loses consciousness and he's lay laying on his stomach and this angel comes up and picks him up and brings him to where he's on his hands and his knees. I'm sure he's quivering and what's going on right here. And he said unto me, "Oh Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright, for unto thee am I now sent." And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling. Then said he unto me, "Fear not, Daniel, for from the time that thou didest set thine heart to understand, and to chasen thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy word." So three weeks ago, Daniel, when you started fasting, when you started praying, three weeks ago, I was dispatched to come to you. Didn't matter to Daniel. He was going to wait for however long it took. He was praying and seeking wisdom and seeking understanding from the Lord. God knew all that was going on, but he allowed it so that we could read this today about this formidable opponent that I'm about to mention. So then Daniel goes on or this angel that's speaking to Daniel goes on, "But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withtood me one and 20 days." But lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me, and I remained there with the kings of Persia. So this angel would have come to Daniel the first moment that he started praying. He went out and notice that this this adversary that Daniel that Daniel's saying, he calls him a prince. All right? He's talking about a demon here and a very very powerful demon. This prince of Persia, this prince of Persia is so powerful that Gabriel had to call out to another prince, Michael, to help him. Then Michael comes to his aid. So then Daniel goes then the angel goes on to Daniel. Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days for the vision is for the for yet the vision is for many days. So why is it important for this prince of Persia, this demon? Why is it important to stop this angel from getting to Daniel? I believe that we're going to see that why we are seeing Iran so strongly against Israel today. And when he had spoken such words, I set my face toward the ground and became dumb. And behold, one like the simultude of the sons of men touched my lips. And then I opened my mouth and spake. And he said unto and said unto him that stood before me, "Oh my Lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength. For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? For as for me, straightway there remain no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me." Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man and strengthened me. And said, "Oh man greatly, beloved, fear not. Peace be unto thee. Be strong. Yay, be strong." And when he had spoken to me, I was strengthened and said, "Let my Lord speak, for thou hast strengthened me." Then said he, knowest thou, wherefore I come unto thee, and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia? And when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come. So there are things going on behind the scenes. Then the angel continues on, but I will show thee that which is noted of the scripture of truth, and there is none that holdeth with me these things, but Michael your prince. what just happened? So, let me summarize this. So, Daniel, he has this burden on on his heart. He says, "Lord, I need to understand your scriptures. I need to know what's going on." So, he starts fasting and he starts praying. And then 21 days later, this angel comes that is so powerful that it just knocks him out and he's laying out unconscious on his on his face. And the angel picks him up and he gets up on his hands and knees and he and he says, "Daniel, I would have come. I would have been there. But this this angel, this prince, he withtood me." The power of this angel that was talking to Daniel and then this prince of Persia was just as powerful. Brothers and sisters, there's things going on in our lives. There's things going on in this world where we don't understand them. There's powers that are fighting against each other. Ephesians 6 says, "We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but we wrestle against principalities, against spiritual wickedness in high places." That is what's going on here. Daniel was this angel was wrestling against this prince of Persia, this demon fighting. One is for God and the other is against God. So we have to look and say, well, what was the message that was so important that this angel was going to give Daniel that this prince of Persia came and fought him against fought against him to prevent him from coming? And we look and we see that he didn't even really deliver a message. What he gave Daniel was what he prayed for, which is understanding. Understanding is way better than just getting the uh one simple answer. If you are given wisdom and understanding, then you can open this Bible and you can pray about it. And it's not just one answer you receive, but you will continue to get answers and answers and answers if you have that same attitude that Daniel had. So this angel brings this message to Daniel fights with this this demon over and and and Michael comes to help him, another powerful angel. There's things going on, brothers and sisters, right now that we have no idea. I have we're not we don't understand those things. And they're going on in the Middle East right now. And they're going on for a very specific purpose. So what what is that purpose? Here comes this angel. Daniel gets this understanding and then Daniel brings a message to his people. That message Daniel 11 was here's what's going to happen right away. And then in Daniel 12, and here is what's going to happen way down the road. The whole thing is Daniel is prophesying in 12 about a deliverer, about a Christ that is to come. Daniel 12:1, we'll read a little bit of it. Daniel 12:1 says this, "And at that time Michael shall stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people, and there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even unto that time at that time thy people shall be delivered, everyone that shall be found written in the book." Amen. Familiar verse to us because we read it out of Revelation chapter 5. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to everlasting contempt. And they shall and they that be wise shall s shine as the brightness of the firminant. And they shall and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of the end, and many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. So he's saying, seal this up, this book. And then later on, this book would be broken. And you can see why this prince of Persia was fighting this angel because he didn't want these Jews to receive redemption. He didn't want to see them receive their Messiah. Now we come all the way down to today Iran. This Islamic teaching that they have, this crazy violent way that they have, these people 50 years ago, they supported the Jews. There was many Jews that lived in Iran. They supported the United States. And now we see it looks like this same spirit, this powerful spirit is doing the same thing because as I said, the fig tree is ripening. It's time for the Jews to receive their Messiah. It's time for the Gentile dispensation to end. And now we see the prince of Persia coming in and fighting with everything that he can to destroy this place. So they don't receive this Messiah. It's coming pretty soon. Our time is going to be over. Amen. The Gentile dispensation is going to cease very plainly and then that spirit is going to come to the Jews and then they are going to accept their savior. And we see the same thing. It looks like the same thing is happening. Now, this prince of Persia, he is going to battle. Now, there's a spiritual battle going on that I don't claim to understand. I don't I don't know what's going on, but I know that it's there because the Bible says that it's there. And these spirits are influencing people on earth. And it's not just us. We're not the only ones on earth. It's things going on around the world that these influences are happening. and the love of God's life, his his friends song about that um about being a friend of God. His friends are there and he wants them to receive their salvation. He wants them to receive this Messiah. He blinded their eyes for a space of time so that we might receive it. But now it's time to go back to them and look, the enemy hates it and he is going to fight with everything that he can to prevent it. Even if it means destroying that country, it's all about Jesus. As I always say, it all comes down to Christ and the enemy is fighting against it right now. Revelation chapter 5, John was a Jew and he understood these things that Jesus taught. He understood that Jesus was the Messiah, that Jesus was the savior. But here in Revelation chapter 5, when John is on the aisle of Patmas after everything had happened and here's the old man, he remembered Jesus and and and he knew all of these these blessings and and he saw Jesus rose from the dead and now he is on this aisle of Patmas and he has this vision of a very very hard thing. It looks like I don't know that it is, but it looks like it's the same book that Daniel was talking about. Very simple. It's probably just a book of names. Those names are written on the lamb's book of life. But they're sealed. And they can't be there can no salvation can come until they are unsealed. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaimed with a loud voice, "Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof? And no man in heaven nor on earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither could even look thereon." And I wept much. John, this beloved disciple that was with Jesus. And I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither even to look on it. What a sad thing. Of course, he wept. All that he stood for was lost. Everything that John believed had all come to not. believe Jesus was the Messiah and the savior. But still, there's nobody worthy to open the book. There's no redemption without this book. Everything he had preached, salvation was lost. There was no redemption. You can see what a letown. That's this is like the ultimate letdown in all of history. And there is John like I thought we had it. There's nobody that's worthy of opening this book. My name might be in there. My children's name, my loved ones, my mom, my dad. It's in that book and no one can open it. We're lost. He wept much. One of the elders saith unto me, "Weep not." Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and of the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as it had been slain. It was a bloody lamb and it was someone that looked very familiar to John having seven horns and seven eyes which are the seven spirits of God set forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. This was that Jesus Christ. This was the one that had redemption. These are the prophecies, brothers and sisters. These are the prophecies that are being fulfilled before our eyes that this man Jesus Christ, he took the book, he broke the seals. There is the the the book of life there. Our names. John said, brother Brandham said, John probably looked in there. He probably saw his name in there and he shouted so loud that all heavens heard him. But here we are. This man, Jesus, he's everything. And here's the prince of Persia. He's trying to hinder Daniel. He didn't want he didn't want this understanding to go out. And he's doing it looks like he's doing the same thing over there in destroying. Where did this hatred come from of Israel? Iran's not even a neighbor. It's over there a ways. But it's it's it's this death to Israel, death to the West. Kill them. Destroy them. Why? It's it's influenced by a very powerful powerful demon. And let me tell you, there's still a Gabriel standing there. There's still a Michael and there is a Jesus Christ. And he'll let it go as long as it he has to until they receive it. So, in closing, I want to read a little bit about what's going to happen with these Jews. There's um as we in our Bible study, we we understand that the gospels were written in the book of or were written in the language of Greek so that everyone could understanding understand it. Or there's also this book of Hebrews. And this book of Hebrews was not written to the Gentiles. It was pinned probably in the original tongue of Hebrew and sent to these people that the apostle who probably was Paul wanted them to realize that this Jesus Christ is your savior. Don't throw him away. I know you crucified him, but he's real and he can save you like he saved all of us. Let's read a little bit in Hebrews as we close. It's beautiful. Written so eloquently, the most beautifully written book in the entire Bible. God who at sunundry times and in diverse manners spake in times past by the prophets hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things by whom also he made the worlds who being in the brightness of his glory and the expressed image of his person and upholding all things by the power by the word of his power when he had by himself purged our sins sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. Being made so much better than the angels. Wow. All of that power going on. Being made so much better than the angels. As he hath by an inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. For under which of the angels said he at any time, "Thou art my son. This day I have I begotten thee." And again, I will be a father, and he shall be a son to me. He's quoting the Old Testament. And again, when he bringeth when he bringeth the first begotten into the world, he saith, "And let the angels of God worship him, and the angels he saith, who maketh his angels, spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire, but unto the son he saith, thy throne, oh God that throws away any type of Jehovah witness doctrine." In fact, they change it in their Bible. They don't have this verse there. But he saith, but unto the Son he saith, "Thy throne, oh God, is forever and ever. A scepter of righteousness is the scepter of thy kingdom. Thou hast loved righteousness and hateth iniquity. Therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with oil of gladness above thy fellows." The apostle goes on and he's describing this Messiah that's to come and he's trying to introduce his own people to the Lord Jesus. I think one day the musicians could come. I think one day maybe that there might be someone man of great authority in Israel, maybe with the spirit of Moses on him or maybe the spirit of Elijah. I wonder if you might read this book, this book of Hebrews, and maybe be inspired to bring this Messiah to his people. I don't know if it's going to come that way, but I read this book and you can tell it's written to the Jewish people. It's written very mysteriously. Talks about some of the most beautiful things that have ever been spoken of. It's going to happen. We believe the seven seals. We believe the ages. What's going to happen at the end is it's going to get so bad. There's a there's going to be a persecution start to brew. A spirit will come upon two men in Revelation 11 with the spirit of a Moses and the spirit of Elijah and they will start to do these mighty works. The bride will go up. The antichrist that is now condemning us, accusing us before the father will come down and be incarnate in a man. The tribulation will start. The message will go to the Jewish people. And it looks [Music] like it's going to happen soon. Hebrews 4 said this. Hebrews 4:12. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even unto the dividing a sunder of the soul and spirit and the joints and marrow and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Can you imagine if a if a Jewish brother and and he's really believing on this book and he starts to seek this gift of the Holy Spirit. Can you imagine what he would do if he saw or heard a minister the end of service a prayer line come say your name is this you're suffering with this things that no one could ever know. Can you imagine if someone was really reading this book and they heard that discernment ministry? Wow. This is this has really happened. I preached last Sunday night on the spirit of Elijah. The Jews, Elijah was a Jew. John the Baptist was a Jew. Can you imagine what they would say? Is this Messiah has come? But we thought that Elias that Elijah was supposed to come first and brother, he's come already. We didn't know him. But he came to this group over here. And he showed that this Hebrews chapter 4 is true. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. He showed these things. These things happened. We are living in this last day. The fig tree is ripe. All nations, including the United Nations, are against Israel. Persia has now set their sights to kill this country. Is this the start of it? I don't think so. I think this is a political move. They sent some stuff out there that they knew were going to get shot down just as as a retribution for killing their guy that planned the the attack. But one day it will happen. One day it will be true and it will start a turn of events. And let me tell you us, we will have no excuse. These things have been plain for all of us to see. The Jews are in their homeland. It was prophesied. All nations will be against Israel. It was prophesied. We've seen it. The discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Elijah, we've seen it. We've seen great powerful works. We've seen it. We will have no excuse. We won't. No excuse on that day. And our time is running out. And pretty soon that message is going to go over to the Jews as Daniel prophesied, as the book of Revelation prophesied, as Jesus prophesied. It's going to go over. The bride is going to come up. But we just have a short amount of time. If it's to today, have I told everybody about it? Have I said my peace? Have I done everything that I can? I always go back to there has to be some dedication in the church. There has to be some people that really believe this. This isn't me preaching. I've been reading scriptures mostly this this service. It's not me. These things are very, very plain. And these attacks on Israel are prophesied to come to pass. And one day, they're going to turn around and they're going to say, "Enough is enough." It's not even going to be them that does it. It's going to be Jesus Christ himself saying, "Enough. These are my children. Stop it." Just like you, brother Bobby. There's a time that's comes that he's going to say, "Enough with your persecution of my son. Enough with your sicknesses. Enough with these spirits of torment. Enough. These are my children and I'll have no more of it. It's not us. It's Jesus Christ. He's going to do it. It's going to be time very soon that this demon that is so powerful that this angel is probably Gabriel this this angel even had trouble with it that I don't understand it. There's spiritual wickedness in high places. There are things going on that you and I don't understand. But I thank God that there is a Gabriel. I thank God that there is a Michael standing for us, standing on the other side. And when these demons come in, they draw that sword. Say, "This is my child. This is God's child. I'll stand against you." of [Music] Josiah. We have this song in the little spiral book in front of your bench. If you go to song number [Music] 77, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Song number 77. Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. The chorus again. Just turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look for in his wonderful face, and the things of earth will grow strangely dim. The light of his glory and grace. [Music] Brothers and [Music] sisters, the signs of the times are in front of us. God places God places a gift and then he says, "Now here is my gift as I gave to Daniel. Now what are you going to do with it? Here is understanding. Now what are you going to do with it? Here are signs of the times. Now, what are you going to do with it? There is no sin that is worth being left out on that great day. It's not worth it, brothers and sisters. That's what church is for. We come here and we pray for more understanding. And I pray all the time, Lord, give me more understanding. Give me w more wisdom. I want to be able to help other people, Lord. I want to know what's going on because if I can just see my place in this this great plan, then I'll be able to help. Then I'll be able to do more like Daniel did, like Moses did, like the disciples did. And it's all about Jesus Christ. I really believe that that prince of Persia was hindering that angel because he knew that Daniel was prophesying of the book of life and about the Messiah to come. And he was giving understanding to the people. God doesn't change his ways and neither does the devil. And here he is today trying to hinder the gospel from going to the Jewish people. One day they're going to get it and it's going to be a glorious day. But we might not be here. We're going to be up having supper. It's going to be a It's going to be a wonderful time. Brothers and sisters, let's all stand. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through.
