################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - Praise and Worship - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-19
Title:   Praise and Worship
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Worship Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcLd6ws9dDs
========================================

God bless you, brothers and sisters. No, I'm not leading songs. Won't get up and leave. I uh I just want to say a few words before we start. Are we on the Manny? Okay. Um first of all, I want to I want to thank everyone. This morning was just a stellar stellar service and it was it was just to see the the people that were in the front rows here. Manny, you were sitting next to them, to see how the Lord touched them, especially at the end of service. The first couple rows, they were just weeping and praising the Lord. And I I just thought I was just I was so proud. And then the man that walked in, the homeless man. I want to thank our deacons and our trustees for the very professional job that they did this morning. You brothers did a great job. I thought it was handled with a lot of class and and very very professional. Very very nice job. And I also want to say just this is more to the elders in the church. I know the sacrifices brothers and sisters that you've made over the past couple years. You have really given your church to something that maybe you didn't expect. And we are seeing the benefits of your sacrifices in all of these souls that are coming to the Lord Jesus. But we all had to give. And I stand here as as a new pastor and one that you wholeheartedly accepted in me. And I say thank you. And these souls will be attached to each one of you. Each one of you elders that were here, Brother Ron and the Petersons and the Garas and and all of you that have so freely given these souls will be attached to you all. I believe with all of my heart. I I just I'm taken back to see what the Lord's doing and he's he's just doing just great great things. Let's all stand and I'd like to read a scripture to start. Uh, I'm sorry I didn't give it. Ephesians chapter 5 and let's start with verse 14. Ephesians 5 verse14. And it reads like this. Are we gonna Oh, I didn't see it down here. Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepeth, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, redeeming the time, because the days are evil. Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. And be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit, speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns, and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord, giving thanks always for the things unto God and the Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. Amen. Do you uh let's let's remain standing and I'll turn the service over to brother Josiah. The service is going to be the order of this is going to be we're going to we're going to sing. We we have a number of specials that I know are just going to be beautiful. We're going to hear a testimony from a dear brother here and then we're going to sing more songs. So, God bless you, brother. You deserve the [Music] glory. Glorious as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy. and all the [Music] honor. And Lord, we lift our hearts to worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are [Laughter] great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Praise the Lord. We have a lot of songs tonight, a couple testimonies. We're going to sing a couple and then we're going to get the songs going. Let's sing uh shout to My Jesus, my [Music] savior. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. all of my days. Oh, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath all that I am ever cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's sing. My Jesus my savior. My Jesus my savior. For there is none like you. Oh, of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort and my [Music] comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath. Yes. All that I am never cease to. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing power and majesty. Praise to the bow down and the seas will roll out of your head. Love you forever. I'll set compares the promise I had in you. Do you want to get a stand for Sister Amelia to sing? Go ahead and shake somebody's hand. We're going to have Sister Irma sing for us right now. And you can all have your seats. [Music] Praise the Lord. Oh Lord my God, when I know some wonder, consider all the world they hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Thy power throughout the [Music] universe display. [Music] Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great the Lord. went through the woods and for his glades I wonder and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down I need to be steady with this. Then I sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down from lofty mountain grand and hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze, then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great the Lord. How great the Lord. When Christ shall come with shout ofation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart when I shall spy in humble adoration and their proclaim. My God, how great thou. then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou art. How great the Lord. and sings my soul, my Savior God is to thee. Oh, how great the Lord, how great the Lord. I there's a song that I that I like and I'm just going to read a few words. Consider the lilies. They don't toil nor spin. And there are there's not a kingdom more than splendor than them. Consider the sparrows. They don't plant nor sew, but they're fed by the master who watches them grow. And this is the time when I hear in the morning, and I think a lot of you too, the birds are singing. And if they are singing, why not me too? God bless you all. [Applause] Sister Amelia, do you have a song? You have a song. Daniel, stay down there for Sister Amelia. She's gonna sing, too. God bless you all. He'll be okay. [Music] I'm looking for a city, the one I made by hand. I'm looking over Jordan. I see the promised land. The waters will be parted and I'll be on my way. As we're crossing over Jordan, I can say now I have that everlasting joy within. Since he came and took away my sin, the moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my soul. I'm drinking from the fountain that flowth from on high. A well blessed waters that never shall run dry. I'm feasting on God's banner. I'm praying day by day and that everlasting joy to stay. Now I have got everlasting joy with him. Since he came and took away my sin. The moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole. With that everlasting joy within my soul. I've heard the prophet's message. I placed it in my heart. of God. The revelation that never shall depart. The rapture is upon us. The stage is set to go. We have this precious promise we all know. Now I have that everlasting joy with him since he came and took away my sin. moment that he blessed me. He made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my [Applause] soul. Wonderful. I uh sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and a song hits me that I haven't heard in like 15 years, which is most of my life. And uh I write it down and I'm like, we're going to sing that one. And it's songs like that that heard in so long that now I'm going to sing that a couple Sundays from now. And this is one. Isn't he wonderful? Isn't he wonderful? eyes have seen. Isn't he wonderful? Isn't she my Lord? Eyes have seen, ears have heard. Jesus my Lord. Oh, let's sing it. Oh, wonderful, wonderful isn't she? Oh, my word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonder isn't he? Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard. What's recorded in God's word? Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. One more time. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard. What's real in God's word? Is in Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. [Music] [Music] I searched and I searched for the road that leads to glory. I wondered if I'd ever find the way. I sat down to rest. for my feet had grown so weary. But then I heard a voice within me say, "You've got to keep on walking. Just keep right on walking. Walking in the light of the Lord. You'll get to heaven someday if you walk the right way. Walking in the light of the Lord. I prayed and I prayed for the Lord to give me mercy. I pray for him to brighten up my way. I was so afraid for the road became so lonely. And then I heard a voice within me say, "You've got to keep walking. Just keep walking, walking in the light of the Lord. You'll get to heaven someday if you walk the right way. Walking in the light of the Lord. But after a while, I felt something got close. I stepped back up behind a great big column there and I said, "What would you have your children do? [Music] Oh, okay. What would you have your servant do? It kept going. I was real still a minute and I heard a deep voice say, "Turn. Go back." Well, I turned and went walking back down the street. I walked I walked on past the hotel on down through South Memphis. Just walking on and on. I was going walking along where I thought, Lord, I don't know. You said walk. Here I am. I'm walking. I just kept on walking, walking, walking. Walked out pretty near the other side of Memphis. You've got to keep on walking. Just keep right on walking. Walking in the light of the Lord, you'll get to heaven someday. If you walk the right way, walking in the light of the Lord. If you're walking in the light of the Lord, sing along. You've got to keep on walking. Just keep right on walking. Walking in the light of the Lord. You'll get to heaven someday. If you walk the right way, walking in the light of the Lord. [Music] You know that story, right? That story. There was a brother Brandham was late for a plane. He had to he had to be at the airport. He was in Memphis, Tennessee, and he went to he was looking at uh he was looking at some fishing uh equipment in a in a in a sporting goods store. So he was looking through the window and I there was a policeman there and he said, "Well, maybe I shouldn't be looking at that. They might think I'm going to try to steal something." So as he he started to walk away and as he he was walking away, the Lord told him, "Keep on walking." And brother Lyall gave the quote there, "Keep on walking." And he kept walking and he was walking and as as brother Lyall said, plum to the other side of Memphis. And when he got to this certain place, there's this black lady leaning on the edge of her fence. And she says, "Good morning, Parson." Brother Brandham looked at her, and Parson is an old word for preacher. Brother Brandham looked at her, he said, said, "How'd you know I was a preacher?" And she said, "I knew you were a preacher?" She said, "I knew you were coming." And he's and she said she said she had a dream last night that a minister would be coming by and her son was dying of a venerial disease. She said, "Would you come in?" And she said, she said, Parson, she said, would you just pray that he would give his heart to the Lord and then let him die in peace and and then then mama's heart would be okay with it? And he said, "Sister," he says, "I can't pray that that the Lord would just take him." So he gets over there and this this man he says a young man big strong man and he he was clutching his his blanket and he says mama it's dark in here. It's dark in this room. The man the young man was about to about to death and this is before we had the antibiotics that we have today. Brother Brandham walked in and she said, "Would you pray?" He walked in, he looked and he there was a sign on the wall that said, "God bless our home." And he said, "I walked in there and he says, "I've been to many, many churches." And he says, "I've been to churches that I didn't feel as comfortable as I felt when I walked into that house. I saw that sign said, "God bless our home." And he said, he called her auntie. He said, "Auntie," he said, "Would you pray?" And the mama prayed over her baby. And her her little baby boy, she called him mama's baby. And brother Brandham said that they're always mama's baby, no matter how old they get. And she she prayed over her son. And then brother Brandham said, "You can tell that that woman had prayed before." And then afterwards, Brother Brandham said, "Well, it'd be okay if I prayed." And and she said, "Yes." And Brother Brandham made a simple prayer over the boy. And he was going, "Oh, oh, it's dark." And then he said, "Mama," he said, "It's getting light in the room. It's getting light in the room." And then the Lord stepped in and the the boy was completely healed. And brother Brandham ended up seeing him years later. He had a job and he was working at the train station. Brother Brandham was taking a a train somewhere and and this young man walked up and said, "Parson Brandom, Parson Brandon." He said, "Do you remember me?" He says, "I don't remember you." He says, "I'm the one that you prayed for here in Memphis." And he said, "Are you that boy?" He said, "You're not that boy." He says, "Yes, I is." And the Lord healed me. and he says, "And now I'm a Christian." And it just that's that's the story that our brother Lio and sister Heather sang about. And what a tremendous testimony that is. I was just thinking as our brother here, Brother Johnny, Brother Manny shared with me his testimony, and it's one of the most powerful testimonies. It's similar to what I I just said. It's a just it is there's nothing that you can explain it other than this was a living Jesus Christ that healed this man that stepped on the scene with this man. We all have a testimony and friends we should all be willing to to share our testimonies. When the apostle Paul came to ki to king agrippa the man that could save him and he gives a testim and and agrippa asks him about this what does Paul do about this Christianity and all this Paul gives his testimony because that's the most powerful thing that he could have done and agrippa said Paul he says you almost convinced me to believe on this Jesus Christ from that testimony that you said and he said a grippa he said I would that you were like me except without these bonds he wanted the king to have the same or the agrippa wasn't the king then but he wanted this man to have the same testimony that he had and Paul was no respector of persons he threw the net out and whoever would come in would you like to hear brother Johnny's testimony come on out, my friend. Come on up. He says, I've never done this before. He said, uh, I I I don't know what to do. And I said, brother, I said, just tell us what happened and and the Lord will be with you. And I said, you are going to be a blessing to these people here. Brother Johnny, if you come on out, my friend, speak right here. First of all, I just want to say thank you guys for letting me in and the Lord of the house. One thing I can say, he is a miracle. I'm sorry, but I always believe whenever you have something wrong, always believe that he's going to be there no matter what. My life changed back in 2009 when they told me I was going to die. I needed a liver and a kidney transplant. I didn't believe in anything like that. You always got to have faith no matter what. When I heard the word that I was going to die, I walked out of the hospital. I didn't believe that it was going to happen to me and eventually end up going back. And that was it. I landed in a coma. I was in the hospital almost a year. I was dying. I had to be on the list to get a to be a donor. And I wasn't on the list at all. So my only hope was to die. That's it. But I kept my faith because when you believe in something, it will happen. And when I heard that I was going to die and I live needed a liver and a kidney transplant, my life was over. I didn't know what to do. But I kept praying when I was in laying in bed praying and praying and praying. I literally had blood coming coming out of my eyes. I was done. There was no hope for me. But I kept praying until one night. I was asleep. I had my eyes closed. And I always remember I saw three white dresses or whatever you want to call. It was one man in the middle and two angels on the side. All I felt was them touching my feet, calling my name. I woke up. It was a doctor and two ladies standing in white uniforms. The first thing they came out of the mouth, you got a miracle. And I just said, "What? I don't know what happened, but you went on the list. You got a liver and a kidney transplant. I don't know how it happened for her. why it happened. But there's other people here that needs what you need. I was telling them, I don't need it. Give it to somebody else. But for some reason, I had died in the hospital. One, once, twice, four times. I died seven times. And this is the first time I ever did a testimony to people because I believe no matter what we go through or what we were going through, there's always somebody out there that if you believe, he will be there for you. One thing, you got to love each other no matter what. I never used to be a man that believe in Christ or in the Lord until all this happened to me. But now it's different. I'm humble. I know what it takes to live and to learn how to love people. Now, the Lord has me here for a reason. I don't know what reason it is, but I'm happy to be here with you all and I'm happy to see you guys all here. But one thing is, God is a miracle. And I just want to say that no matter what we go through, keep going, keep pushing, cuz I wanted to get up and leave. But seven times I never met nobody that the Lord said seven times and I'm one of them. And I believe that he can do miracles because there was a medicine that first came out and they use me as a guinea pig to try that medicine. And that medicine was supposed to cure people in 12 months. And I got the medicine. And there was another guy that got the medicine just like me. But there was a difference between me and him. He never believed in the Lord and I did. Amen. And I hate to say it, the medicine didn't help him, but it cured me in six months. Wow. Praise God. That's why I believe in the Lord always. I don't care what happens, but there's always somebody out there that can lift your heart and your spirit up. No matter who it is, no matter what kind of day we're having, if you're solo, married couple, always talk to each other because you never know when it's going to be your last day. But it turns out we have to enjoy one another no matter how mad we are at each other. Cuz right now I'mma learn I'm lonely but I'm happy. I have childrens but I'm blessed to be here to testimony my story to let you guys know no matter what we go through always have faith. always for me to be here and die seven times. He has me here for a reason. Maybe this is one of them. And I'm happy to be here with you all. Even though I don't know you all, but my heart and my love and respect will always go to each one of you. And the Lord keep blessing you guys all and your family and and keep us going in life no matter what we go through. And I thank you all for your time and moment for me to be up here to say this testimony cuz God is real. I know. just want you to be here right now talking to you guys. It's been 16 years I've been here. It happened 16 years ago and I'm still here. Cuz why I believe in the Lord. Amen. He's got me here for a reason. Not only me, he gots us all here for a reason. And that reason we don't know but we're here. Praise God. And one thing always have faith no matter what. And I thank you guys all for your time and effort and always have faith and always believe that he's a miracle and always will be a miracle to each and one of us. I thank you guys all. Praise God. What a wonderful testimony. Let's give the Lord another hand clap of praise. We're going to sing He Leadth Me, Oh Blessed Thought. These are powerful words right here. Song was wrote almost 200 years ago. Almost 300 years ago, sorry. He leadth me, oh blessed thought, oh words with heavenly comfort. What hair I do, wherever I be, still is God hand that leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. And by his hand he lead. Sometimes mid-cenes. Sometimes midcenes of deepest gloom. Sometimes where Eden's flowers bloom by water still or trbled sea stilt is his hand that leadth me. Oh he leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leaded. Lord I would clasp. Lord I would clasp. thy hand in mine, nor ever murmur or pine. Content whatever lot I see since my God that leadth me. Praise the Lord. He leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand ye. Last verse. And when my task on earth is done, when by thy grace the victories won. Hallelujah. In death's cold wave. I will not flee since God through Jordan. Oh hallelujah. He leadeth me. Oh, he leadeth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. By his hand he leadth me. Sister Hope, if you'd come up. He leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. [Music] Hear the Lord of harvest sweetly calling. Sing it with me. Who will go and work for me today? Who will bring to me the lost and dying? Who will point them to the narrow way? Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. In the cold of fire touch the prophet, making him as pure as pure can be. When the voice of God said, "He'll go for us." Then he answered, "Here am I. Send me. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord send me. Millions now in sin and shame are dying. Listen to their sad and bitter cries. Hasten brother, hasten to their rescue. Quake answer. Here am I. Send me. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. Soon the time for reaping will be over. Soon we'll gather for our harvest. May the Lord of harvest smile upon us. May we hear his blessed child will speak my m. Speak my word. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send [Music] me. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Can I give a part two? After brother Brandham had left that house in West Memphis, he was hours late for his airplane and he was able to get back to the airport. And right when he walked into the airport, he had his bag and he was going to go talk to whoever it would be to see if he could get a flight um the next flight out. And he heard over the loudspeaker last call for Brandom that the flight was leaving. The flight was delayed. God had delayed the flight long enough for him to go and visit that lady, pray for her son. He was healed in the name of Jesus and God grounded the flight until brother Brandham could come back. Part part two. Johnny's a humble man. Brother Johnny, thank you my friend for giving that I mean died on the bed seven times. Brother Manny was there. I mean, and how could this man have ever survived? And then at the very lowest of the low, as his life was leaving him for the final time, they were able to find a donor for a kidney, for a liver. What he didn't tell us, and as he stood up here telling me the story, you noticed that I talked to him for a little bit afterwards. earlier. How many was it? Years earlier, Johnny. Years earlier. Were you driving or were you walking? Is so he was dry driving and he sees two prostitutes and they're being assaulted by how many men? By a man. Johnny didn't like what he was seeing. So, he gets out and he defends these prostitutes. He defends these women. Didn't matter how low they were. Didn't matter who they were. Didn't matter that they were they were maybe drug addicts or or whatever they were obviously doing about the this profession that's that's a a shameful profession. But Johnny goes and he risks his life to protect these two women. The doctors told him, these two prostitutes, the doctors told him, the people, the woman that gave you your liver, remember, he wasn't even on the list. The woman that gave you your liver and your kidney was a prostitute. Brother Johnny thinks it might even be the same one that he protected. So, there's a part two to that story, my friend. Brother Johnny, we want to see more of you, brother. You got the sweetest spirit. And we just It's that testimony. It gave me strength. God is here. He's alive. And he still does miracles. Amen. Praise Praise God, Brother Josiah. We're going to sing uh well, with a little bit of help, if Katie's siblings want to come forward, we're going to sing Through the Fire. I think it's fitting for that testimony. Come on up, Nathaniel. These are Katie's little siblings. That's Lydia. That's Rachel. That's Nathaniel. And if you have, we have the words to Through the Fire. Could you put them up on the screen and you can all sing with us? [Music] So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things I could not understand. Many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision. My frustration gets so out of hand. It's then I am reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand the test alone. And as I look at all the victories, spirit rises up in me. It's through the fire my weakness is made strong. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy or the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered our victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says heaven, just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire. He never promised. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not get hard to climb. [Music] He never offered our victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Just remember, just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says, "Give in." Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. And I know it in myself. I know within myself that I would surely perish. But if I trust the hand of God, he'll shield the flames again. Again, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. time. He never offered our victims without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. So just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Just remember. So just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Music] Again, we're gonna have brother Michael and sister Naomi sing now. Let's just sing a song ac cappella just a chorus as they're coming up. At the cross. At the cross. Where I first saw the heart. I am happy. Let's sing that again. At the cross. [Music] My [Music] heart received. [Music] [Music] Oh, I was a warm green soul traveling a wellworn road so far from home with no second chance. When I heard you call my name, I felt you lift my shame. And I made a vow that day that I'd spend the rest of my life loving my Jesus, showing my scars, telling my story and how mercy can reach you where you are. And I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart. Is to see all the ones I love. Loving my Jesus. Sin tries to make you hide. whispers and save life. Keep all your pain inside. No one will understand the last thing this lost world needs. Someone I'm trying to be. The truth that has set me free. Is it I'm just a bro. Amen. Loving my Jesus, showing my scars, it's telling my story. How mercy can reach you where you are. And I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart. to see all the ones I love. Loving my Jesus. And when all is said and done, when my last song's been sung, I'll stand face to face with the one who gave all for me. May all I have to show be see all that mattered most keeping your great name. May this be my only legacy. Loving my Jesus showing my scars. telling my story of how mercy can reach you where you are. And I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart is to see all the ones I love. All the ones I love loving my Jesus. [Applause] And Sister Camila, we'll have you sing right now. [Music] Yeah, I don't always feel it, but that's when I need it the most. So I'mma keep on singing till my soul catches up with my song. There's times when my hands go off freely and times that it [Music] cost. There's days when I raise come out easy and days when it takes. I'll bring my heart fought heartfelt been through hell. [Music] Hallelujah. I'll bring my storm toss story to tell. Hallelujah. Cuz God, you've been patient. God, you've been gracious, faithful. Whatever I'm feeling or facing, I'll bring my heart though. It is well. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh. Yeah. I've wrestled with the darkness, but I'm trying to reach for the light. This trouble keeps me honest, and it breaks down the walls of my pride. Cuz faith isn't proving like gold. the fight. Wo wo my head, heart, and hands feeling heavy. And that's when I lift her just a little higher. So I'll bring my heart fought heartfelt been through hell. Hallelujah. Ooh. So I'll bring my storm torn a story to tell. Hallelujah. Cuz God, you've been patient. God, you've been gracious, faithful. Whatever I'm feeling or facing, I'll ring my heart, heartfelt, it is well. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] had a lot of songs tonight. Isn't it awesome? Lydia and Katie will be next. Lydia Peterson, you don't have to worry. Come on up. as she's coming. Um, let's sing. You are my refuge. Just one chorus of [Music] that. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my [Music] refuge. Let's give a hand for these new piano players we've had. Camila and Lydia stepping up and playing the piano. [Music] A name was being high upon a throne with a kingom and a crown. All is low. Unmoved by the sorrow that we bear. That's not the God I know. Unable to be touched by all the needs of those crying out to him down on their knees. Not hearing or answering a prayer. That's not the God I know. The one I know will go to the darkest place to reach you. No matter how far you'll come to where you are to [Music] meet the one I know will stay when others go away and leave [Music] you. If you think that God is far away and cold, that's not the God I know. Seen me so lost without a hope. He left the 99 safe in the fold to search until he found and brought me home. Yes, that's the God I know. The one I know will go to the darkest place to reach you. No matter how far, he'll come to where you are to meet [Music] you. The one I know will stay when others go away and leave you. If you think that God is far away and cold, that's not the God I know. He left the 99 safe in the fold to search until he found and brought me home. Yes, that's the God I [Music] [Applause] know. We have one more song, uh, one more special tonight. But before we have sister Jessica come, let's all stand and let's sing when he reached down his hand for me. Let's do let's do G. Once my soul was astray. Let's start with that first [Music] verse. Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was wretched and vile as could be. But my Savior above gave me peace, joy, and love when he reached down his hand for me. Well, when he reached down his hand for me. Well, when he reached down his hand for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand. For I was nearing despair. Oh, I was nearing despair when he came to me there and he showed me that I could be free. Then he lifted my feet, gave me gloryy complete. when he reached out his hand for me. Oh, when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. How my heart doth rejoice. How my heart doth rejoice since I made him my choice. from the tempest to him. Now I flee. Now I lean on his arm and I'm secure from all harm. Oh, since he reached down his hand for me. Oh, and he reached down his hand for me. Oh, and he reached way down for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down. Sister Jessica, if you'd come while we sing the last verse. Since the Lord gave me peace, and since the Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I give all my life unto thee. Guide my feet and hold my hand. Grant with thee I may stand for you reached down your hand for me. One last time when he reached. Oh, and he reached down his hand for me. and he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. You can all have your seats. Sister Jessica [Music] I was raised on the old hymns. John 3:16 stained glass pictures of faith. A shepherd and a giant. Daniel and a lions. Three blue boys in the flames. A coat of many colors and the walls falling down. And the red sea becoming dry ground. I believe every line, every word I believe. Every story I've heard written on the pages is the truth of the ages and it's changing me. I believe it's wise men and angels, blind Bardameus, a thief and a traitor's kiss. A walk on the water, Gyrus's daughter, five loaves and two little fish. A lonely garden where Jesus prayed. Sunday morning when the stone rolled away I believe. Every line, every word I believe. Every story I've heard written on the pages is the truth of the ages. and it's changing me. I believe in the message of mercy and grace that tells of a savior who died in my [Music] place. I believe every line, every word. I believe every story I've heard written on the pages is the truth of the ages and it's changing me. I [Music] believe. I believe. I believe. [Music] Praise God. Something Brother Green said just flooded my mind as she was singing that. I didn't see uh Jesus heal Gyrus's daughter and I didn't see him walk on the water and I didn't see all those things, but I believe the witnesses that wrote it down and I give God praise for it. I feel like the devil's been trying to fight us tonight in this worship night. Don't you think so? He doesn't he doesn't want want us to be doing what we're doing. So let's stand to our feet one last time before brother Daniel closes and let's sing uh worthy worthy the lamb that was slain [Music] KBF. Hear the cries of the shackled. And let's just give him every last bit of worship, every last bit of praise that we got left in this last song. All the glory to Jesus. Let's do it tonight. Hear the cries of the shackle from the onset of time for the chains of defeat. There's no key. and see the tears of the broken, the cries of the slaves. Is there no one worthy to set us free? Then the crying was still. Then the crying is still. Hallelujah. As the chorus rings out, oh the shackled released from their chains, glory, oh and thousands of voices are swelling the song, singing worthy. Lamb that was slain. Worthy. Oh we sing. Worthy. So worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. Oh worthy. [Music] So worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was lame. Let's go to G. Then all the archangels. Then all the archangels and the saints of all times. Oh, holding their crowns in their hands. hand. Oh hallelujah. They fall down before him. Oh, join in the song. They're singing worthy. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Singing worthy. They're singing worthy. Hallelujah. Oh worthy, worthy the lamb that was slain. Hallelujah. Oh worthy. Glory. Somebody praise him tonight. Worthy. So worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. And all the archangels. Oh, and all the archangels and the saints of all time. Hallelujah. Holding. What a day that will be. Hallelujah. Praise God. They fall down before him, joining that old song, singing worthy, worthy the lamb. Woo! They sing worthy. Lord, you're so worthy. Hallelujah. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. Oh worthy. Praise you Jesus. Worthy. Hallelujah. Oh worthy. The lamb that. Sing that again. Worthy. Worthy. Oh. Sing it. So worthy. Yes, Lord Jesus. You're worthy. So worthy. The lamb that was slain. Hallelujah. Singing. Worthy. So worthy. [Music] So worthy the lamb that was slain. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things. Oh, and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art were thee, oh Lord. Praise the Lord, brother Dan. [Music] [Music] the the king David, a man after God's own heart. The ark of the covenant had been out of the city and the feeling just overwhelmed him as he walked before that ark and knowing that this was God's ark that he said that will go before the children of Israel. And as he brought this ark into Jerusalem, he shouted and he praised and he danced in front of the ark. And the joy just overflowed in David knowing that his redeemer lived and knowing that this gift had come into God's house once again. and we saw our brother and how much this gospel means to us that we can shout and we can praise and we can dance and we can sing softly and we can sing loudly and we can just give the Lord a heartfelt hallelujah. Lord, we love you and we thank you. Praise God. Let's let's sing it one more time. Let's sing this. Worthy is the lamb. brothers and sisters because he is worthy. If we could just know who he is. If we could just get to know him a little bit better, our better, our brother's testimony. God came down in that hospital room and delivered him from certain death so that he could give this testimony and he could say, "I am a witness that Jesus Christ is alive." Amen. And now we can sing, Lord, you are worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Let's sing it one more time. Brother Josiah, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Yes. to receive glory. Glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things. Yes. And for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Now friends, before we leave, Always remember when we truly go to prayer, we are speaking to the Almighty God, the one that that heals, as the Bible said, all of our diseases. The one that died for our sins and the one that gave us eternal life. When when we pray, friends, don't take it for granted. Don't just bow your heads and and go through the motions. We are speaking to the almighty God. And he is looking down on us. And what are we going to say to him? We're going to give him glory. We're going to give him praise. We're going to say, "Lord, forgive me of my sins, for I am not worthy, but thou art worthy." Let's bow our heads, [Music] friends, and just prepare your hearts for we are speaking to the almighty [Music] God. Father, dear God, you are worthy. You are mighty. the everlasting father. Lord, the beginning and the end, the alpha and the omega. Lord, you are the one true God. Lord, the scripture was read this morning that you dwell in your children. You dwell in the hearts of men. Lord God, we thank you, Father, for a good day. Lord, what we saw this morning, Lord, could it be that there were those here that gave their hearts to a living Jesus Christ and then Lord, if in fact it was the angels were rejoicing in heaven, how grateful we are, Father, for your goodness. And Lord, how grateful for we are for our brother Johnny's testimony tonight. How you saved him. And Lord, how you're always there. You always step on the scene. Father, we're thankful. Thankful for these songs that we have a voice to sing. And father that that we can all worship together in this Tucson tabernacle in this church. We thank you Lord. We thank you for the the kindness in the hearts of the people here. And Lord most of all we thank you for your spirit. Your Holy Spirit that comes down and Lord makes us shout, makes us dance and makes us cry. Oh dear God, we are so grateful. Father, may we serve you better every day. Lord, we just lay our lives at your feet and say we are thankful. We are grateful for your kindness. And Lord, we ask that you'd have your hand upon all of us now as we go to our homes and and go to our places of employment this coming week. Father, we just we want to serve you, Lord, and we want to know you better. And in our prayer times, Lord, as as we get quiet before you this week, would you speak to us, Father? Would you talk, Lord, to your children for we just one word from you, Lord, would be just mean the world to us. speak to us. Father, we thank you once again. Thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ and our salvation, our families, our friends. Lord, may this church, may the people present, may we be examples to this world of how a Christian should act and point many, many souls to Jesus. Grant it, Lord. Thank you. We love you in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Just tell him tonight, Lord, you're worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Say that again to him. This you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints, all the saints and angels bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you are worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and all the saints and angels bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy, [Music] you know, they clap their hands in the Bible. They did. They gave the Lord a clap offering in the Bible. Praise God. Thank you to all the musicians that sang tonight. You did a great job. Praise God. Thank you. And I never want to neglect to thank Josiah, Daniel, Katie, Lily, Camila, Michael. Did I forget anybody? Martha. Sister Martha. You know, Sister Martha, let me say something about her real quick. She's going to get a really that that really fearful look that she usually gets when I when I say something. And Sister Grace. Yeah, we've uh our our piano had a flat or our um organ had a flat tire. It's under construction right now. We're trying to get it fixed. Sister Martha, she does so much stuff behind the scenes. She helps us with our schedule and and the piano players and the musicians and she works hard on that and puts it together. Her and her and Daniel um coordinate on that. And then the Lord has just blessed us with so much talent and Josiah and Katie and I uh I can't believe it. I almost can't believe it. The the incredible just overflowing talent that we have here. It is just I'm I'm so grateful. Yes. God bless you brothers and sisters. I pray the Lord will be with you this week. On Wednesday, we are going to listen to uh brother Brandham, the first part of the Lord's willing on uh this great warrior David. Since brother Lyall and I have been in in David and Saul, we're going to put Brother Brandham in there and let him give a sermon, the first part of a sermon on David and Saul. And if the Lord's willing, we will continue that in the next week. So that's what we're going to do on Wednesday. Then Sunday morning, we'll have our normal service. And then Sunday afternoon, we'll have a potluck. So make sure you invite your friends and make sure everybody comes and gets signed up. I will send out the link. The link's already on the website, but I'll send out the link that you can sign up to bring something. God bless you. May God be with you. I bless your name. I bless your [Music] name. I give you [Music] honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name. [Music] in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. Paul and Silas pray that night. And in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loose and they were free. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's sing verse one again. In prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. It's a true story. Paul and Silas prayed that night and in their pain they began to sing. Those chains were loosed and they were free. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. [Music] again. I give you praise. You are You're the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. and some midnight hour. If you should find could be right now you're in a [Music] prison in your mind. Reach out and praise. [Applause] [Music] defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the [Music] way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. Some midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and [Laughter] [Music] praise. Defy those old chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. Bless your [Music] name. I give you [Music] honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your [Music] name. We are [Music] standing on holy ground. [Music] And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us [Laughter] praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. And let us pray Lord Jesus [Music] now for we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Sing it again. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Isn't he good to us? Let us praise Jesus. [Music] Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Let us praise. Let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. And let us praise. And let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. name. Oh, give him gloryy all you [Music] people. For his blood has washed away each day. When I saw the cleansing fountain just open wide for all my sin. [Music] Oh, I oyed the spirit's [Music] woo when he said, "Wilt thou be clean?" singing I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. And give him glory. Give him gloryy all ye people. [Music] For his blood has washed away each day. Verse two. And though the way seems straight and [Music] narrow, all I claimed was swept away. [Music] All my ambitions, plans, and wishes. Lord at my feet in ashes lame. But I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Oh, give him gloryy all you people for his blood has washed away each stain. And then the fire. And then God's fire upon the [Music] altar of my heart was set a flame. [Music] Oh, and I shall never cease to praise him. Oh, gloryy, glory to his name. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Oh, give him gloryy all ye people. For his blood has washed away each stain. Yes. Give him gloryy all ye people. [Music] For his blood has washed away each stain. Give him [Music] glory. Yes. Give him gloryy all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. For his blood has washed away each stain. Glory, gloryy, gloryy to his [Music] name. Jesus breaks every Every fetter [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Good morning. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] We don't want [Music]
