################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-13 - The Joy of the Lord is my Strength Aaron Guerra - Aaron Guerra.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-13
Title:   The Joy of the Lord is my Strength: Aaron Guerra
Speaker: Aaron Guerra
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyW1C-pVqrI
========================================

I'm lifting his moment, each step of the way. I'm following Jesus. Following Jesus, each step of the way. Jesus, each step of the way. Hey, I'm following [singing] Jesus one step at a time. I live for the moment in his love divine. Why think of tomorrow? Just live for today. I'm following Jesus each step of the way. I'm following Jesus one step at a time. Find them for the moment in his love divine. Why think of tomorrow? Just live for today. I'm following Jesus each step of the way. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Thou are worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, [music] oh Lord, to receive gloryy, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all [singing and music] things and for thy pleasure [music and singing] they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Yes, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive gloryy, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power For thou hast created, hast all things created. For thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are created, and thou are worthy, oh Lord. Oh, Jesus saves. Jesus saves. We have heard the joyful sound. Jesus [music] saves. Amen. We have heard the joyful sound. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Spread the tidings all around. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Bear the news to every land. Climb the steeps and cross the waves. Onward is our Lord's command. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Wafted on the rolling tide. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Tell to sinners far and wide. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Sing ye islands of the [singing] sea. Echo back ye ocean waves. Earth shall keep her jubilee. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. [music] Sing above the battle strife. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. By his death and endless life. [snorts] Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Sing it softly through the gloom. in the heart for mercy craves. Sing in triumph for the tomb. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Give the winds a mighty voice. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Let the nations now rejoice. Jesus saves. Jesus saves. Shout [music and singing] salvation full and free. Highest hills and deepest [singing] caves. This our song of victory. [singing] Jesus saves. Jesus saves. [music] I serve a risen savior. He's in the world today. I know that he is living [music and singing] whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him, he's always near. He lives. He lives. Christ [music] Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me along life's narrow way. He lives. [singing] He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how. I know he lives. He lives within my heart. [singing] In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows weery, [music] I never will despair. I know that he is leading [music] through all the [singing] stormy blast. The day of his appearing [singing] will come at last. He lives. He [singing] lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me along life's narrow way. He lives. [singing] He lives. Salvation to [music] impart. You ask me how. I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Rejoice, rejoice, oh Christian. Lift up your voice and sing. Eternal hallelu [singing] to Jesus Christ the King. The hope of all who seek [singing and music] him. The help of all who find. None other is so loving, so good and kind. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus [music] lives today. He walks with me and talks with me [music] along life's narrow way. He lives, he lives. Salvation to impart. You asked me how I know [singing] he lives. He lives within my heart. Amen. Let's just stand this evening and sing Only Believe. We're going to turn service over brother Daniel for the prayer requests. Then right after that, Sister Hope, if you would sing a song. Only [singing] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [music] Holy believe. Oh, we believe all things [singing] are possible. Amen. It's a good song. It's a familiar song. We're going to sing that song next Wednesday when um we're going to play the sermon that Brother Brandon preached, not in this building, but it was this church. Building doesn't matter. It's the people that that are the church. And we're going to play that sermon if the Lord is willing next Wednesday night. What house will you build me? preached um 1965 November 21st I believe and that would be almost exactly 60 years since he first dedicated this church and I'm looking forward to rededicating it and like I said it's the people not the building and that's the most important thing. few prayer requests. Um Stephanie, my wife, is sick. Josiah, I talked with him. He sounded terrible. Boys, he's sick. He's got a cold. Um Daniel's out tonight. I told him, "Stay home. He um he's just missing sleep and he has a big midterm tomorrow." I was like, "Buddy, just stay there and I'll have the church pray for you." So, you know, Daniel, he never wants to miss, but this came from the pastor and his dad both study study for the test. I don't have any other prayer requests. Uh, brother Ed, I don't think I missed any anymore back there. Um, with the sick that are among us, and I think there's quite a few flu going around. So, um, let's remember all of those also that we don't have prayer requests for. And friends, if you have a prayer request on your heart that you might make it known to the Lord with an uplifted hand. Lord Jesus, we thank you that we can call upon that name knowing that by your stripes, Lord, we were healed. I pray for Stephanie, Father, that you'd heal my wife, that you'd heal her body, for Josiah, Lord, and the sickness that he's he's going through. And Father, the rough schedule that he has this week, I pray that you'd give the young man strength, Father, bless him. May your hand be upon him, Lord, for my son Daniel and the test coming up. Father, we can pray for the we can pray for healing and we can pray for the big things, but also for the little things. And I pray that his mind would be clear. All the work that he's done in studying would be manifested in a good grade. I pray and all these requests that went up before you with an uplifted hand. Lord, we pray that you saw that hand and Lord, now we present them to you. We lay them at your feet in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, &gt;&gt; sister. Now I believe. Now I believe all things [singing] are possible. Now I believe ac capella now. Now I believe. Now I believe all things are possible. Now I believe you may be seated this night. Y'all can sing this with me. There's a land that is fair day. And by faith we can see it. For the father waits over the way to prepare us there. In the sweet by and by [music] we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and we shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall [music] see on that beautiful shore. The melody songs of the spears shall sorrow. Not a sign for the blessings [singing] [music] of rest. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the By and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore to our bountiful father [singing] above. We will offer our tri of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that our days. Oh, in the sweet by and by [singing] we shall meet on that beautiful shore. [music] Oh, in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that [music] beautiful shore. Oh, I believe [singing] Jesus saves [music] and his blood washes whiter than snow. Oh, I believe my Jesus and his bloodes [music] once more. Oh, I believe my Jesus saves and his bloodes [music] wher. [singing] I believe Jesus and his birth white [music] snow. Amen. Jesus saves. Amen. I want to live the way you want me to live. May try the verses here. I don't think we've ever sang them in church, but I do like them. So, we might try that tonight. I want to live the way he wants me [singing] to live. I want to give until [singing] there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. [music] There have been times when giving and loving [singing] brought pain. And I promise that I'd never never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well worth the risk and that even [singing] in losing you win. I want [singing] to live the way [music] he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I [music] want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. He showed us that only through dying we live. And he gave when it seemed there was nothing to give. [music and singing] He loved when loving brought heartache and loss. He forgave [singing] from an old rugged cross. Let's stand this evening. I want to [music] live the way he wants [music] me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. One more time. Oh, I want to live the way he wants me [music] to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. [music] I [singing] want to love. love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. As we turn the service over to brother Aaron, let's sing the song Farther along. Tempted and tried were ofted and tried were soft made to wonder why it should be thus all the day long. While there are others living about us, never molested though [singing] in the wrong. Farther along will know all about it. Farther along will understand why. So [singing] cheer up my brother. live in the [music and singing] sun. Shine will understand it all by and by. When death [music] has come [singing] and taken [music] our love ones, it leaves our home so [music] lonely and dreary. [singing] Then do we wonder why others prosper living so wicked year after [music] year. Farther along will know all about it. Farther [singing] along will understand why. So cheer up my brother. Live in the sunshine will understand it all by and by. Faithful till death, said our loving master [music] of more days to labor and wait. boils the road will [singing] [music] then seem as nothing as we [music and singing] sweep through the beautiful gate. farther along about it. [music] Farther along will understand why. &gt;&gt; Cheer up my brother. [singing] live in the sunshine will [singing] understand it [music] all by cheer up my brother. So cheer up my brother. Live in the sunshine. We'll [singing] understand it all by [singing] and by. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I wonder will I even be worried about it? Will we even be thinking why did those things happen? But but he'll explain it if we need to know. I know. Let's just bow our heads, Lord. As as we see in in our natural way and all, we're so limited, but you you looked down and you you saw our needs. You saw where what we would go through and and you made a way, Lord. You came down yourself rather than just sending an ambassador or an envoy or a lieutenant. Lord, you you said, "I'm going to go myself. I'm going to walk in their shoes. I'm going to be touched by the filling of their infirmities and I'm going to know and I'm going to understand, Lord." And I don't know, we may question. We may ask you why, Lord. But for today, Lord, we're just saying thank you for being so good to us, Lord, and watching over us. So, just uh as we just speak these words, Lord, may you anoint them and and you you give them out as they should be, Lord. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. I've always wondered, are how many questions are we going to have? Are we really going to be so wanting to know? I I don't know. I think we're just going to be so happy we're on that side. It's It's going to be It's going to be worth it all. So, and and as as humans, we are inquisitive. We are, you know, uh we like to know and u but God has it all under control. And so I was out for a walk and and kind of what I do when I I feel um a pull or a draw to something that the Lord is maybe inspiring me, I'll I'll take a walk in in the evening and of course now it's a lot earlier because it gets dark sooner and I like to do it more in the dark than in the the day and just kind of get away from everything around the house and and all and just let the Lord Is there something that that he would say to me? And about a month and a half ago, I I was I did that. And as I was as I was just maybe a quarter of the way or half of the way that I usually walk, I felt not in an audible voice, but just a strong impression of the joy of the Lord is my strength. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that was that was a thought and I was just going on. And then there's his brother who brother Dan comes and has minister for us every once in a while, Brother Ryan. And he's got a good way of just taking things and turning them and make you think and look at them from a different direction. And I went back there and I told him, I said, "You just took all my notes and turned them around." But that's okay. You know, it's it's the joy of the Lord as I begin to think about it. Is it what pleases me or is it what pleases him? And you know, as a father, as as a husband, as a friend, maybe a co-orker, if we have the right spirit, when somebody else is doing a good job, when somebody else is being blessed, we should rejoice with them. &gt;&gt; We shouldn't be jealous, we shouldn't be say why them, but rather have an attitude in our heart, thank you, Lord, for doing that for them. You know, when you have a good helper, don't criticize them. He's a good helper. they're they're there they're there giving you that extra that extra hand, you know, and so I I that was a thought and so yesterday as I had been working on my notes and I told my wife I'm going to go out and I'm going to to take the take a walk and it'll be half an hour to 45 minutes or so. And as I was going and I I kind of get to the end of our street, all the lights are out so it's kind of dark after then. I feel like, okay, I'm I'm I'm away from all that. And I just felt the I just heard that song that I had asked Brother Jordan to sing. Farther along, we'll understand it. But in the meantime, we're going to trust in him. We're going to believe him and and we're also going to call out to him and he'll answer. And I love the way he does it. He answers the way he should answer, the way it should be. Um, you know, sometimes we'll answer to just kind of get them to quit asking the questions just to kind of stop it. But he doesn't do that. He answers to give you the answer that you need, the satisfying part. Now, he might not give it to you all at one time. You know, if you went into an algebra class or advanced in trigonometry, all and they try to teach it to you all in one day, it would do no good. &gt;&gt; It's got its place in its part experience by experience. And I believe that's what the Lord does too, too. So, just thinking on those things. And so, it if anything could have gone wrong, it did. Today, the uh printer ran out of ink. And so, I went to get and I found some ink. We loaded it up and the printer refused to work. We went around it. We tried this and that and everything. and I read off the notes cuz it's just where I make my notes. So, I kind of work off of that. And it just didn't want to work. And it's 3 or 4:00 in the afternoon and usually have my everything is ready and done. And I'm getting nervous. And um so my wife said, "Let me work on it. You go and eat dinner." That way she got me out of the room so I wouldn't be pacing like I was the whole time. And I I don't know what pacing solves, but we do it often. And so she was able to get a lot of it done and and we were able to send it to the church and then print it out. But the word joy um [snorts] it's an emotion. It's a feeling. It's something that transpires. It's just, you know, it's not something that you just read. It's something that happens. And and now what gives you joy may not be the same thing that gives me joy. But because you're being blessed, I shouldn't be upset, I should be praising God for your blessing also. And and when when God does something in your life, whatever it is, you know, and you rejoice on that, you are actually affecting those around you. &gt;&gt; They're wanting to know why are you rejoicing? And if and if they see that and they say, "How can I have that?" and then you can share. But as I looked it up, u one of the it was the feeling of great pleasure and happiness. And that was attributed to God when he looked down and he said, "It is good." And if it's good for God, it is good. That's all there is to it. The root of joy is gratefulness that makes one joyful. And that's us being grateful, being thankful, being appreciative. And one of the greatest ways to me to being appreciative, a lot of times what we do, if somebody gives us a gift, we want to go buy them something. But a gift is a gift. If I intend to give it a gift, I don't expect something back for it. I'm giving it to you as a gift. And and but you know, right away we Oh, they gave me something. I need to give them one back. Well, the Lord did everything that I needed for salvation. He took care of it all. There there's nothing I could do to earn it, but I do my best to earn it to make myself worthy of it. No, he loved me while I was not worthy. While I didn't deserve it, because that's who he is. &gt;&gt; Now, my appreciation back to him is to just do the things that he appreciates, what he loves, what what brings him joy. I I think often brother Brandon was up on the on the mountain there in Colorado and the storm came and he turns to walk back and the Lord just tells him speak to that storm. I'm having a good fellowship with you right now. I'm enjoying my time with you. And God is the same way with us. I'm enjoying my time with you. I'm I'm it's it's a good time. I'm I'm with my son. I'm with my daughter. So again, it's it's the gratefulness that makes one joyful. And then a definition, joy is best understood as a primary emotion characterized by a deep sense of delight, satisfaction, contentment which can be triggered by both specific events and a broader sense of well-being or purpose in life. And that is true if if the bills are paid and everything's going good and oh well there's you know at night it's easier for us to rest. We're not thinking about every I got to take care of this tomorrow. There there's rest in that. And while feeling is a general term for experience emotions, joy is a specific emotional category itself distinct from other emotions like happiness which is often more fleeting and situation dependent. But when you have the joy on the l of the Lord in you, it's permanent. It's settled in there. &gt;&gt; But you know this makes me happy and that doesn't. Then we're like this and like this and like this. But the joy of the Lord is my strength. &gt;&gt; It's my encouragement. So, as I was thinking of this and Brother Ryan spoke how it it it is a joy of the Lord to put you through testing, through trying because he knows what the end result's going to be. He's not worried about it. He's not go, "Oh man, I'm going to have to a little bit more of this. some of that. Well, you know, kind of like a scientist that is testing and trying until they God already knows how it's going to work. You know, we're the ones that are wondering what's going on sometimes. But he says it it as brother Ryan said, you know, the Lord will put you through things and and tough times and r hard times and seems to turn your plans all the way around, but he knows what's best. He's already seen the end and he knows the result. So it it it made me think which way am I going to go? The joy of the Lord, the that the what we'd call the happy part, the bubbling up, the wonderful, the you know, or the fact that tempted and tried, I'm offade to wonder why is it this way? But I can still thank him. I can still praise him. I can still give him glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. So as I was walking yesterday, it just came strong. Farther along, you'll understand why. I said, "Okay, Lord, then we'll go that way." So Isaiah tells us Isaiah 55 8-11, he says, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayaeth the Lord. For as a for as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts. And to me, that just said, I've already seen the end. I already know where you're going. So, this is going to work out. Don't be troubled by it. For as [snorts] the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give the seed to the sewer, and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void. It's not going to be half done, half finishedish, partially started. It's going to be complete. But it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper into the thing there where unto I sent it. God has already seen it. It's finished. Now, we're going to walk through there, but he's already done that. You know, when I brother Shawn here, he in the military and his wife and when he got the badge or the award to be the when you went through the 20 months of training, well, when you were done the training, you were there, but you got the official marking or bad or the position, but you were there already. You know, you didn't have to work to go, "Hey, now I got to pay $5,000 for that." No, you had earned it. And that's what the Lord says. You're this is testing this trying is taking you to where you'll get to that point. And he says, "I've already seen you there. So, I know you're going to be there." It's it's like a child. Um I know, Brother Null, they have all girls and so did I, but they had more than I did. And um but the oldest one to the youngest one all had to grow up from a child. They didn't the older I I I would have thought that by the sixth one we could have just put Rachel right up with Naomi. But no, it took that same experience, that same growth. They had You have to get to know God for yourself and experience him. I know that the Lord Jesus Christ is the same one for each one of us. It's not a different God, but you have to know him for yourself. He says, "And it will." He said, "I like that. It it it will do what it said it's going to do." So, uh, it's it's it's amazing how we question him. And that's okay. I think he understands. Um, a um Chloe and Asher are here and and and Asher likes to say, "Why papa? How come papa?" You know, can we do this, Papa? You know, it's just and and papa's so patient sometimes and not so much sometimes, you know, we'll get it figured out. Wait till you grow up, you know, and then when they start growing up, don't grow up so fast, you know, stay little. But but God wants us to become mature Christians who know him, who trust him, not only because his word says so, but because you've learned it yourself. You can share it with someone else. So going back into Genesis 131, we'll go way way back to the beginning. Genesis 131. And God saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. God looked at it and said, "It's exactly what I planned." But he also knew what was coming up. You know, and then in Psalms uh 12:6, the words of the Lord are pure words as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times. There's no deceit. There's no mixture in it. It is the word of God. It is thus sayeth the Lord. And you can hold on to it. He said, "I will be with you even on you until the end of the world. I will never forsake you." And you can hold on to that. Nehemiah, now this is kind of where we're we're getting into the the joy part. Nehemiah 8:10. Then he said unto them, "Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared. For this day is holy unto our Lord, neither be ye sorry, for the joy of the Lord is your strength." Now, they had gone through some hard times. They had gone through some real testing and and a lot of that was because they had failed, not because God failed. But he knew they would do it. Yet, he says, "The joy of the Lord is your strength." And and this is where it caught me. Is it the joy of the Lord that makes us happy and we have strength at, or is it the joy of the Lord that he's testing and trying us and producing what he saw? And I want him to try me and test me so that I can be what he has seen me as already. Okay? And and as he's seen you, and each one of us feels a different part, you know, a different place. Job says it this way, though he slay me, yet will I trust in him. He goes, and then the human part of him to me says, but I will maintain my own ways before him. I will still ask him. I'll still question him. I'll still wonder why. And Job, it's written well. It describes it very well. But getting to Job 38, where the Lord God himself comes down and says, "Come on, put your pants up. Buckle yourself up. We're going to have a conversation now. And the scripture says that the latter end of Job was better and greater than the first end of Job. And I'll tell you, when all this is over, all this will mean nothing on the other side. And there's there's there's a a little just a view from the side of Job. And then Jeremiah says 20 in 29:11 and 12. For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end. Another translation, for I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you a future and a hope. You know, when you you're looking to the future and there's a hope and there's a desire, you press towards that. you know, going down the the road, going coming home on a long trip or going somewhere, you've been reach reading all the mileage signs. You know, from here to El Paso is about 300 miles or so and you know, when you get 5 miles out, it's 295 miles away and then 270 and then 220 and then pretty soon you're 15 miles away. You had to go through all that experience of driving or flying, however you get there. You went through all of it. There is a time you get there. And so again, he says, "I know in Jeremiah 29, I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end." Another way he says, "I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you a future and a hope." it it's covered by him. He says, "Then shall you call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. I will listen. You'll get my attention. I will draw close to you." He said, "And you shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart." You know, sometimes when you've got a lot going, you kind of divide the day. Okay, I'm going to give so much to this, so much to this, so much to this because you're trying to get But there's sometimes that something needs your full undivided attention. You you're you're working with that. And this is just when you when he says, "Well, you with all your heart." There's not room for anything else right there. God, I need to hear from you. God, I I want to get to know you more. Lord, I need to talk to you. And that's your whole intent and desire. And so this is just laying up to us getting close to him, us drawing up close to him. And and it's not that he draws away from us and he makes you chase him down or anything like that, but when you're coming close to the Lord, there is a way to approach him. There is a way to come and talk to him. It's not just knocking on the door. I'm coming in, Lord. I don't care if you don't have time for me now. know you need to listen to me and you got to you know all I would never say that but sometimes our actions show that I got five minutes for you Lord today so you be ready when I'm ready at those five minutes no when I wake up in the morning and say here I am Lord you have your way today so John 15:11 these things have I spoken unto you that my joy might remain in you and that your joy might be full. Okay? That his joy, what pleases him, what makes his him happy would be in you. And you know what makes him happy? When you begin to act like him, when you're willing to give your heart, when you're willing to talk to others, when you're willing to help others, when you're willing to set yourself aside, and and the joy and and how would we say this, the joy of the end of the day that you have have done what you can to help others to to to do what you're supposed to do, you can rest at night. You can go to sleep and say, "I did what I could." It's hard when you were supposed to and when we were kids and my dad would leave us a list of things to do, sweep the yard or, you know, cut the grass. And dad usually got home about 4:30 and at 4:15 we're going, "Man, dad's all almost home and I haven't started any of them yet." And like if we were going to trick my dad that we'd gotten it all done when he drives up, we're running around trying to do it all. But no, when when God lays it in your heart and you'll get going, you say, "Lord, just help me to do that which you have have have given to me for today." So the word um your joy might be full. Another way to say that so it might be complete and perfect. Perfect is not in the sense that we say flawless. Perfect is complete whole. everything that it was supposed to be because you and I cannot be perfect but he is perfect. So we if we'll do what he asks us to do he he says that's what I wanted from you. And in Galatians 5:22 but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And oh wow, I got the which part do I got down? Sometimes it's love. Sometimes it's joy. But Lord, I need I need all of them to be working in my life. Uh so put me through some more testing. Put me through some more learning. You know, and and he says that is the fruit of the spirit. So as you begin to see that come, understand that's God working in you. That's God working in you. And when it comes out the wrong way, then you say, "Lord, help me fix that. Help me get that straightened out. Help put me through that test again so I can learn it." How many have ever prayed that way? Put me through the test again so I can learn it right. Um, no. I passed with a D minus. And I'll go on. Well, I hope you're not the engineer of my project, you know. No, I want something that said, you know, I I I I I needed some more learning and I went and pursued that. I'm sure brother Sean on one of the the planes up there, the other guy says, "Hey, I read the book. I'll be your co-pilot." You know, no, no, no. You want make sure he has x amount of hours and and x amount of experience there. So now James says James 1 2 and 4 says my brethren count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations. Oh my [snorts] or let it be all joy to you my brothers when you undergo test of every sort. You know, the test of every sort is the daily things that you go walking through, what you have that day, what the reaction is. Uh, a phone call you get and you look at the number and you go, "Oo, I don't want to talk to them." Nobody else does that. Only when I'm awake. Only when I'm awake, you know, but sometimes, you know, it's his name is Bill Collector. you know, you don't want to talk to him. But there's things, you know, but but it he tells us, "Let all let it all be joy to you, my brothers, when you undergo test of every sort." Lord, in this test, you're testing me because you know what I need, but you'll know that I will pass the test. Even if it takes 10 times trying it, I will pass the test. And because knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience, Lord, I need patience and I need it now. Please just give me a a bag of patience and I'll put in my pocket. I said, "No, patient comes through testing and trying and learning." And um it it is something that they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Waiting on the Lord is not sitting on a chair. It's going about your daily duties, doing what you should do, but waiting on God to work through you. Well, I'm just going to sit here and wait till God comes and do it. Well, he walked by you 10 times and you missed it while you were sitting there. Let's let's get active. He says in James 1:4 again, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations. Let it be all joy to to you brothers when you undergo test of every sort sort knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience. Knowing that the proof of your faith doth work endurance that you can get up and go again. You can get up and go again. You can get up and go. man. And then he said, "But let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. But let his power have full effect so that you may be made complete, needing nothing. Wanting and needing sometimes wanting, Lord, I'm I'm always wanting more. I'm always desiring more." But he knows what you need. He also knows the amount that you need. He knows how to work those things. saying, "Lord, teach me to to to understand that, to know that." Um, and then another, "But let this power have its full effect so that you may be made complete, needing nothing." Lord, let it be that way. Let it be that way daily. Daily. So now in the thought again here that the joy of the Lord, he loves to put his children through test. because he knows what it's going to do. Um, I know like Liam, I've sometimes Ununice, my my niece, sends pictures of him doing his work and he's up there and he's going and he's he's coloring or doing his numbers and I'm sure after about five minutes he wants to go play sometimes, you know, unless it's a really exciting project, you know, five minutes, 10 minutes. And we're kind of the same way, I think, with the Lord. Lord, I've talked to you for a few minutes, but I've got things to do now. No, if we please him, and that's the key to me. You please him first. Sometimes we're just looking for him to please us. But Lord, if I please you and you're happy with me, I know that nothing wrong or nothing bad is going to go because and and I just thinking this in a human way. If I can please you first, Lord, then I can treat others. But if I can't even please the one that loved me and gave his life for me, what am I going to do to others? But if I know he gave his life for me and he was willing to give his life for me and die and and cover for me, then I should say, 'Lord, as you've been and done to me, let me be that for someone else. Sometimes it's hard. Well, often it's hard. if um you know just sometimes just some simple things that happen and we just kind of somebody cut you off on the road, somebody um cut you off in line at the store and you know I don't like it either. But sometimes just step back and let it go. It's all right. I got there 15 seconds later, but I got there in one piece. And and so sometimes we just let let it be. I remember something. And my dad was when he was still, you know, healthy and strong, much younger, he he it's hard for him to to take a no. And if he saw somebody being mistreated, he wanted to get in the middle of that. And we were going down the the road one day and uh here in Tucson and there was a a Hispanic young man and a low rider and I don't know if you've been behind a low rider. They're rarely going fast. They're usually going down the road like that. And then there was two other guys and then they were in their car and they were mad at him. Oh, we had pulled up to the Circle K to get a drink after finishing work. And when the guy comes to a stop sign, the other two guys jump out of the car and start running towards his car and are yelling at him. And probably from here to brother Dave Fritz, maybe about that far away back there. And my dad starts yelling at them. Hey, there's two of you and only one of him. And I'm Dad, [laughter] you're 50 years old and injured. Turn around and get back this way. Those are some young men over there. And no, my dad kept going. Fortunately, when the two guys turned around and came at my dad, the guy in the other car took off down the road and went. My dad wanted to. I I don't know if you remember when my dad came, you probably would have, but he left pretty strong. Couldn't But he wanted to get in the middle of it because it was two against one. I said, "Talk to dad later." I said, "Come on, Dad. You couldn't catch them. You couldn't do No, but it was two against one. I don't know that, Dad. But you also have to pay attention to what you're getting involved with. And and but I know one thing, my father, my heavenly father, there's no issues with him if he gets in the middle of it. There's no no weary. There's no no trouble in that. He knows what he's going to do. So in [clears throat] and first in first Peter um um 7-9 chapter one that the trial of your faith being much more precious than gold that perishes though it be tried with fire might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the peering of Jesus Christ the trial of your faith. If we If we're getting a product, we want to know I its value. Is it been tested? Has it been proven? Has its, you know, I'm going to spend X amount of money. Is it a good product? And it's the same thing that is, is he a Christian? Is she a Christian? The trial of your faith develops that character in you. We say, Lord, here I am. Be it unto me according to your word. Take me. Allow me. And when I make a mistake, because I will make mistakes. I'm human. Help me to as quick as I can catch myself turn around and repent. And I love this. When God forgives your sin and erases it under the blood, there is no evidence of it anymore. Okay. And when you say, "Lord, I did it again." And he looks in the book and he says, "No, you haven't. This is the first time, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But that's what the word of God says. His blotted into the sea of God's forgetfulness." And when you're just willing to say, "I I did it wrong. I made the mistake. Lord, forgive me." And he says, "That's my son. That's my daughter." He says, "The trial of your faith being much more precious than that of gold that perishes, though it be tried with fire might be found under praise and honor and glory at the pering of Jesus Christ." It is the trial of your faith. He says whom having not seen ye love in whom though now ye are now you see him not yet believing ye rejoice with joy unspo speakspeakable and full of glory because he is consistent. You know you can trust him. He doesn't fail receiving the end of your faith even the salvation of your souls. Now, in order to to shorten this, you can look at those that have a very good um the story of them is well written in the Bible. Some that just one sentence uh that's all you know about them. But people like David and people like Peter and and many Moses, there's a lot of information, a lot that is given out on them and their life and all. And you can see that the story is true because both sides of the story are told. If all it showed was the victory and the victory and the victory, we would wonder what's wrong with ourselves cuz mine isn't victory and vic mine sometimes problem and problem. But God through his word has showed us that all men failed him. Now I I I think of this The Lord had been coming down to the garden with Adam and Eve for who knows how much time it was. And there had been such a fellowship, such a wonderful time that they knew about the time he would come in the cool of the evening and they would be waiting for him. But there came the day that he knew he was coming down and there was going to be a change because they had sinned. Now, him knowing all things and we know all of this because of the scriptures and what God has revealed to us through through brother Brandham and and not only brother Brandham through but through everyone that God spoke through and he put it in and we got the privilege of actually being able to hear, not just reading like we did of Paul and others. And and here he comes. He's he's coming to to visit Adam and Eve, yet he knows what they've done. but also knowing that that's the only way he could manifest salvation. That's the only way those inner inner traits of him could be demonstrated. And there had never been death and somebody had to die. Something had to die that day. And when when God comes up and then I I believe it was a lamb picked up that little lamb, there was no fear in the lamb. It had never happened before. There was peace. He was happy. My creator has me in his arms. Not knowing that God was going to take the life of that little animal to save his creation. But here's the other part. after they were cast out and he had come every day in the cool of the evening for I don't know how long and they're now on the outside and it's the cool of the evening and they're waiting for him to come because that's what happened every day their fellowship and he didn't come that day. Could you imagine being there and then it dawns on them? It's not going to be like it was. It's not going to be like it was. And so here is God. He's looking and he's saying because in me was a redeemer. In me is a part of a healing. In me is a part of salvation. And I need to express it. And that's his joy to express who he is to you and me and to everybody. if if he's a healer, if if he if if he gives peace, there has to be somebody that needs it. So, this is where I felt the Lord turn my thoughts. The joy of the Lord, what makes him happy. And he says, then he comes down and says, I want to I want to be with you. I I enjoy this, but I'm willing to do this to have that fellowship. looking unto Jesus, the author and finish of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Could you imagine being the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, and you were going to die like a lowly sinner? You were going to give your like you were the worst person that ever was the way he was treated. But he said, "I will do it because it is fulfilling my joy to have them with me." Isaiah 53:10, "Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He hath put him to grief. When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed. He shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand." it. He said this this way of salvation is going to express who I am to those who need it. All that is within me, he says, I'm going to get to share. Says in Psalms 126:5, they that sow in tears shall reap in joy. How many have swed in tears? hard and wondering why. But there's a promise of a reap in joy. Job 38:7. And he says when he when the Lord sacked him, he says, "Where were you, Job? When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted, shouted for joy. Where were you, Job? You were in my thoughts. You were part of that." And now you read Job and for what 36 of the first 38 chapters, Job is saying, "Lord, I want an answer. I I I need an answer. I want to talk to you. I want to know the wise." How many is how many of us are that same way? Why, Lord? Why? How come? Why did this happen? Today was a fun day for somebody. It wasn't for me. got up knowing we're going to get my notes ready. The computer crashed, the printer quit working, everything. We went to the store, bought the power, got back. It didn't work. It wouldn't work. We printed it here in the uh sent it here and printed it all here. Um, and then kind of funny because I don't know how it happened, but the one scripture got printed in very large print and printed 15 pages of it. Okay? Because I don't know how it would happen. And I know my wife and the girls back there didn't do it on purpose, so I did my best to stay calm back there. I said, "Just if you can help me get it, please get it to me." And I I'm thinking, you know, I said, "Lord, this is you're testing us. You're trying us because it brings you joy when you see the end result. It doesn't it doesn't make you happy when you see us suffering and going through hard stuff." But you know that this is giving us character. you know that this is going to be a victory for us and in that you're pleased but Lord why did you have to do it to me at the last minute he goes he goes see when you're tested and tried and you often wonder why it should be this way but farther along will understand why Psalm 16:11 thou will show me the path of life in thy presence is fullness of joy, and at thy right hand are pleasures forever more. John 15:11, "These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full." I want his joy in me, because my joy isn't always good for me. I think it might be, but it turns out a different way. I have said these things to you that I may have joy in you and so your joy may be complete or perfectly fulfilled come to its complete fullness. James 1 2 and4 my brethren count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations. Yeah. Uhhuh. Come on James, you said I count it when I fall into diverse temptations. And and sometimes we fall into our diverse temptations because we went to where we would fall into the diverse temptations. If if I know that I go buy a bakery and I got some money, I'm going to stop. I mean, it's like a magnet. But then my wife says, "Why are you eating the sugar that you're not supposed to be eating?" Cuz she cares. But then I buy her a donut and it's okay. It's still not good for me. But sometimes we just will put ourselves in the place to get in trouble. He says, "So count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation. Let it all let it be all joy to you, my brothers, when you undergo tests of every sort, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience." Lord, I want patience and I want it now. Lord says, you want patience? All right, let's start working on that. And maybe he goes by every letter of the word patience. We'll work on the P first and then we'll work on this far until you get to, hey, you're beginning to do that. But we would be a bunch of spoiled children if we just got everything we wanted just like that. He says, "Knowing that the trying of your faith workketh patient or produces endurance, you can last. You can go, you can until it's finished. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. But let this attribute have its full effect, so that you may be made complete, needing nothing." And it's a start, and it's a finish. And halfway there is not finished. Twothirds of there is not finished. 9/10enth is not finished. It's all the way through. One John4 1 John. And these things write I we unto you that your joy may be full may be complete, whole and fulfilling. I you look at the life of the disciples. They walked with Jesus. They talked with Jesus. They saw all these things. Yet, he told them, "I'm going to hang on a cross. I'm going to die. Come pray with me. Come be with me for this time." And they get down there. And when he turns around, they're asleep. They were tired. They're asleep. And he wakes them up. He says, "Can't you can't you just with 15 minutes with me?" And they go back to sleep. His dearest friends are sleeping while he's agonizing. Yet he knew that he had to go. And he had one more decision to make. He says there, "Lord, not my will but thy will be done." And then he cries on the cross. I think the greatest thing, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. I wasn't there on that day, but I was represented on that day because he was looking at me. He saw me. He saw you. And he says, "I've got to go through with this." And that was his joy. The pleasure of seeing his children restored back to him. The joy of drawing them back into salvation. He said, "I will go do it." To me and you, that doesn't sound like joyful. But if the end result is that that he said, "I'll be with me. I'll be with you even into you until the end of the world. Therefore, you can be with me." He said, "I will do it." John 1:4 again, "And these things we write unto you that your joy may be full, complete, whole, or fulfilling." Jude 1:24 and25. And now unto him that is able to keep you from falling and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy to the only wise God our savior be glory majesty dominion and power both now and forever. Amen. I think that's a good way to end. That's a good way to end. Look what he says. Now unto him this is that is able to keep you from falling to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy to the only wise God our savior be glory and majesty dominion power both now and forever. Amen. If the musicians want to come up he is our joy. He is our peace. He is our everything. He is our all. But you know, if you don't partake of it, it's like a beautiful meal that's been prepared. Uh whatever it is, but you don't eat it. Now, if it's probably prepared for nobody to eat, like when you see in the plays are probably plastic. They're probably just they look nice, but they're not edible. But but he became me so that I could become him. He took my place. Brother Brandham says in this in a message Hebrews chapter 2, he's praying. He says, "Grant, Lord, that the type of life, this type of life will enter every person that raise their hands." You know sometimes I don't know it seems like maybe that's just a formality. How many here brother would say except the Lord Jesus Christ. He said raise your hand and they would. And he said you see what happened now? They just gave their heart to the Lord. And and he said look how many just gave their heart to the Lord. That's how he saw it. Sometimes I see it, oh, they're just raising their hand. There's no real conviction. There's no because I want to see something that makes me happy about them. But God looks down inside the heart and he sees that reaction. And sometimes the simplest reaction is enough for him to stir all of heaven to you down and take care of something. He would do it. [snorts] And that type of life would enter every person that raised their hands. and these who should have raised their hands [music] and did not. I'm glad that included everybody in there. I pray that you will be with them. Grant it, Father. And when the journey is ended, life is finished, may we enter into peace at that day with him where we'll never be old, never be sick, never be no trouble. Until then, keep us joyful and happy praising him. We ask it in Jesus name. Until then, I I I just I just it was a simple prayer and I said, Lord, just a desire for someone to give in their heart, their life to the Lord and let the joy of the Lord come in with that. It's not my job nor your job to change them. Let them give their heart to the Lord and let God do the work. Neither is my job or your job to judge them. Let God do it. And I'm glad God doesn't make everybody the same. He has individuals the way they are and they fit. It's like building something and every part has its place. And then he says, see if I got it. divine [clears throat] healing um he says he comes into the mouth [music] he makes you talk different you don't talk like you used to Christ God in your mouth done grow from your heart your love you you had for him until you can bridle your tongue brother that's a great thing then the next thing you know it grows into your eyes and the next thing you know you find out that the old lustful thing you used to look at you'll turn your head you're growing then when the first thing you know you still turn your head but you're thinking see after a while it grows into your mind and you don't even think about it no more it becomes part of your character becomes a part of who you are though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil because I know who's with me. He's proved himself over and over and over and he'll never leave me. And that's his promise and I'll accept [music] it. So the joy of the Lord is not so much if I'm happy. I I just feel it's turning. The joy of the Lord is when he sees that you and I are yielding and surrendering and letting him do the work because he knows the end result will be what it's supposed to be. When I do the work, who knows what might happen? Let's stand. We can all hear this is my beloved son. This is my beloved daughter. I am pleased with them. Lord, these are your words. I didn't write this portion of the scripture. I didn't make up this quote. These are things that you said, Lord. Therefore, we can take hold of it and let it we can we can partake of it. We can ingest it. We can we can let it become part of us. And Lord, I know tomorrow we'll be tested. Maybe we'll be tested tonight. Maybe someone will cut us off as we're driving on the way home. Maybe somebody's going too slow on the road ahead of us, Lord. And you're going to test us. You're going to try us because that's the only we know where we're at. what what is what do we need if if if we would walk into the class and we're tested the teachers then see what level are we are and then they know where to start and where to work with Lord and as you see each thing that we're learning and we're grasping and we're growing and then the test can continue until that day my eyes behold the city and but until that day with joy I'll carry on or let it be in Jesus Christ amen Thank you. Thank you, brother Jordan. &gt;&gt; Until then, my heart will go on singing. until [singing and music] then with joy I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold the city until the day God calls me [singing] home. But until [singing] then, my heart will go on singing. [music] Until [singing] then, with joy, I'll carry on. until the day. My eyes behold the city [music] until the day God calls me home. Let's try the first verse. My heart can sing when I pause to remember. A heartache here is but a stepping stone. along a trail that's winding all ways upwards. This trbled world is not my final home. But till then my heart will go on singing until then with joy I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold hold the city [music and singing] until the day God calls me home. The things of earth will dim and lose their value. If we recall, [music] they're borrowed for a while. And things of earth that caused the heart to tremble. remembered there will only bring a smile. But until [singing] then, my heart will go on singing. [music] Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day. My eyes behold the city until the day God calls me home. Amen. Did you have anything, brother Daniel? last week or so, I think it was the last week, um I started kind of going over a list of character qualities that I'd found years and years ago and we were just doing it kind of as a family devotions and I had Caitlyn pick one out. She was the first one to pick one out and she picked out Joy last week and so we sang a song that kind of went with it. And so then when brother Daniel or brother Aaron was ministering tonight about joy, I thought, well, we're probably going to do this song. This is for the kids, but this is going to get everyone smiling and laughing, even the most straightfaced ones like brother David. So [snorts] the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Oh, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. [music] The joy of the Lord is [singing] my strength. The joy of the Lord [music] is my strength. He fills my heart with laughter. Ha ha ha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. Aha ha ha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Oh, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. [music] The joy of the Lord [singing] is my strength. He What's another verse, Sister Rachel? He gives me living water and I thirst no more. He gives me living water and I thirst no more. He gives me living water and I thirst no more. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Another verse. Oh, the word of God is nigh thee, even in thy mouth. The word of God is nigh thee, even in thy mouth. The word of God is nigh thee, even in thy mouth. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord [singing] is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I would do the haha part, but I don't look like brother Paul John Paul offain who would do that. some for for brother null Johnson to do. He could probably do that really well. But as you all go, we'll dismiss leaning on the everlasting arms. What a fellowship. What a joy divine. Leaning on the everlasting arms service Sunday at 10. Church cleanup on Saturday. 9. Yep. Something like nine. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy divine. Leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting [music and singing] arms. Oh, I'm leaning leaning safe and secure from all alarms. Oh, I'm leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. What have I to d tread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms, I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning [music] on the [singing] everlasting arms, leaning, leaning safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, leaning, leaning [singing] on the everlasting on [music] Brother Daniel would like all the children to come up front. He wants to talk to them. I don't know what this is about. I don't know what the age range is, but Nenah could be in that age range maybe. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. He maketh me. Ha ha ha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. Ha ha ha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. Aha ha ha. The joy of the Lord is my strength. You ready, kids? Oh [laughter] ha [laughter] ha ha ha ha ha. [laughter] Ha! Oh, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is [singing] my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. [applause] The joy of the Lord is my strength. Oh, the joy of the Lord is [singing] my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord
