################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Let Them Grow Together (The Parable of the Weeds Among Wheat) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    Let Them Grow Together (The Parable of the Weeds Among Wheat): Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc3ofbNjoYE
========================================

Description:
Sunday, April 6th 2025 10 AM Tucson Tabernacle. Pastor Daniel Evans ministers on the Parable of the Weeds Among Wheat in Matthew, Chapter 13.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Behold the man upon the cross. My sin upon his shoulders. Ashamed I hear my mocking voice. Call out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held him bare. until it was accomplished. His dying breath has brought me life. I know that it is finished. Last verse, I will not boast. I will not boast in anything. No gifts, no power, no wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Oh, why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart. His wounds that paid my [Music] ransom. Good morning. Welcome to church this morning. Are you happy to be here? Amen. Anyone in Sunday school can head to the back now. We're going to start the service off strong singing praise to the Lord. He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say, "This is the day that the Lord has made, and I'll rejoice cuz he has made me glad." Let's sing this with all of our hearts. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Let's sing. I will enter again. Enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he Let's sing that again. I will enter his gates. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Let me hear you sing. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for Let's sing it again. I will enter his gates with all our hearts. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. And I will say, "This is the day that the Lord has made." Yes, I will rejoice for he has made me He has made me glad. Let me hear it. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made and I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has one more time. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Let's sing that again. When the battle's over. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. Oh, when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. Wear a crown. We're a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. When the battle's over. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusale. Wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. Wear a crown. We're a bright and shining crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. Wear a crown. We're a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new [Applause] Jerusalem. Praise the Lord. Would you stand with me this morning? Key of G. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. [Music] I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. There's a light. There's a light in the wind. Let's clap our hands. Tables spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see I can see a crystal river. And I must be near forever. And I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, I can see the family gather sweet faces all familiar. But no one's old or feeble anymore. This old lones Oh, this old lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home so sick [Music] before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world is man of wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. What a day. What a day that will be. Each saint in victory, walking through those gates forever more. as we greet one another, every sister, every brother. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I see I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never met this home sick. I see the bright light shine. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. So world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. And how about you turn around and shake the hands of the ones you'll be spending eternity with and tell them you love [Music] them. and brother Lyall and the brothers, if you want to come forward and get ready to open the service in prayer and bring the prayer [Music] requests. Let's sing this song. He's Got it all in control. If you have a need this morning, he's got it all in control. Sing this. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his [Music] hands. I put my life in his. So every road, every road I walk down, it's in his plan. I've put my life in his hands. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Does your father know what you need this morning? My father knows what I need. I need a lot. What I need is more of him. I need less of Lyall Johnson and a lot more of Jesus Christ. And we're just so grateful that we can be gathered this morning, April 6th, and together worshiping the Lord, uniting our hearts in prayer. We have one prayer request that's been turned in and a praise. Sister Hope asks for prayer for her dad, Brother David Puit. He's very sick with the flu. and from sister Amelia a praise. Thank you Lord for your many blessings and healings. I thank the brothers and sisters that made it possible for me to get another car. May God richly bless each and every one of you. I love you all. That's where we should be. Loving one another, doing our best to stand shouldertosh shoulder, to lend support, to give strength where we have strength, and to accept help when we need help. We're just I'm just in awe of him this morning. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, it is such a privilege. It is such an amazing privilege to be gathered together with brothers and sisters in Christ. Lord, those that we'll spend eternity with and eternity with you together. Lord, I pray for this service this morning, Lord, that you'd continue to be present with us, accept our worship, accept our praise, Lord. And Lord Jesus, I pray for our pastor this morning as he brings the word, Lord, the lesson from the parables, Lord, that we take it to heart, Lord, that it would just become a part of the fabric of our being, Lord, as we draw closer to you and find ever more ways to please you, to make you happy. It's our desire, Lord, that you would look down with a smile on your face and say, "Those are my children." Lord, we love you this morning. And again, we thank you for this privilege to be together. We ask that you bless the offering that's about to be taken, Lord, that it all be used in your service and according to your will. And we thank you again in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can all have your seats. We're going to sing that little chorus. He became me so that I might become him by grace. Nice and slow. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place. He took my place so that I through his love could take his. Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Oh, he became me that I might become him by [Music] grace. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Are you thankful today? Oh, he took my place so that I through his love could take his. He became me so that I might become him by grace. Let's lift our hands and sing this again. Oh, he became me so that I might become him. Grace He became me so that I might become him. By grace he took my place. Oh, he that I through his love could take his. [Music] and he became me so that I might become him by grace. And a similar that song reminds me of another song we sing. And the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Isn't that the truth? The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in [Music] you. With all life's frustrations, I need you. And I know I do. Cuz the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Make this a prayer personal to him. Tell him this morning, the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. [Music] The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. With all life's frustrations, I need you. And I know I do. Cuz the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in [Music] you. With all life's frustrations, I need you. I know I do. [Music] Cuz the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in [Music] you. How many used to have the CD or the tape of Sister Green that she sang that song on? You can hear her sing it this morning. You know, when you sing and you and you talk to the Lord, he comes close. If we can make that personal, like we're really speaking to him, like he's really here, cuz he really is. He'll come near. And that peace you need is right there. Would you stand with me? And let's sing Gratitude. K of F. All my words fall [Music] short. All my words fall [Music] short. I got nothing [Music] new. How could I [Music] express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs. I could sing these songs as I often [Music] do. Every song must [Music] end and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelu. Let's sing verse one again. Brother [Music] Jordan, all my words fall short. I got nothing [Music] new. How could I express all my gratitude like you're talking to him this morning? I could sing these [Music] songs as I often do, but Lord Jesus, every song must end, and you never do. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. [Music] Except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelu hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king. Except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Amen. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. [Music] There to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, gloryy to his name. With all your hearts this morning. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the bloodied. Gloryy to his name. God is God. He's just I just feel I feel his presence. Maybe we should just sing and praise him the whole service. He is He's so good. He's He's just He's my all and all. Brothers and sisters, do you believe in prayer? Do you really believe that God hears us? Let's let's just invite him and come down and be a little bit closer to the audience. Just bow your heads. If you have a need for something from this service today, just ask the Lord and he'll give it to you. Almighty God. Oh Lord, you are so wonderful. You are the almighty God. And Lord, you came down in flesh and you thought of me and you took my sins upon yourself and you died on the cross. And Lord, I want to thank you every day of my life for doing that. Father, I pray that all of us here would see receive a blessing today. And Lord, that we would leave here better people than we came. Father, closer to God, more willing to serve you and for more Lord, more willing to have your spirit flow through us. Lord God, we love you so much. Father, we pray that you'd bless this service today. Be with us, Lord. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Praise God. Tell you what, that boy Josiah can sing, man. Oh, it's it's a blessing to see these young people using their gifts and just, you know, a gifted person. When that person gives that gift to Jesus Christ, wow. Just seeing somebody operate in their calling is uh it just the Lord just flows and then he created us to do it and then we do it and uh we are in his will. I met uh Richard and Elias young man here first time raise your hand my brother. God bless you. Welcome. And your little boy met you uh in the fellowship. Paul, God bless you. And the little guy Elias. It's a good name. Yeah. My brother. God bless you. Jonathan Gonzalez. Is the first time you're you're with us, too, my brother. God bless you. Looking sharp. Welcome. And the Clayville family from Sar Vista. Where are you? God bless you. Welcome. Good to good to see you all. Praise God. It's uh it's good to have visitors. Welcome. I I didn't get your name. God bless you. Welcome. Welcome to all of our visitors. We we love you and we we appreciate you coming. Today's a good day. Brother Josiah mentioned um Sister Green. If if you're new to the church, and many of you are, um Sister Green is uh was the wife of the pastor, the founding pastor of this church, um Reverend Perry Green. And uh there's many that are here, maybe half or so that are here that are um from Brother Green's ministry and they've stayed the storms and and continued on. And um also want to mention brother Green was converted under another man's ministry named William Brham and uh you'll hear me mention him every once in a while. And he was just a great great man of God also. He was the one that among other great things he started the the revival the healing revival in the United States in the 40s and 50s and it spread around the world. a great man. He was um my grandfather became close friends with them and they they heard they'd heard him minister and they William Brandon was a very gifted man, extremely gifted um and gifted in letting the the Holy Spirit really flow through him. and he had this gift that to increase the people's faith and he would the Lord would would really speak through him and and talk about how talk about personal things in people's lives that no no one ever knew and my family started going and in hearing him and following him around the country as was there was revival going on all over the country at that time there wasn't as many movies and television and and sports events like we have today. People would go to revival and there's just a a much more godly generation. My uh my family was in the service and my uh my dad who was the oldest in the family. He um he was sitting in um in the audience and his brother Jimmy, a young man, had was born with crossed eyes and I think he was two or three years old and he was um my my dad was just worried about him and he'd seen so many healings and and he saw his little brother with his with his eyes crossed and and he was bowing his said, and he said, "Lord, help Jimmy's eyes. Lord, would you heal my brother's eyes?" Can you imagine an older brother seeing his his his little brother there that can't see and that that has that eye problem and he he was asking the Lord and this man who he had never met before named William Brandham. My dad looked up. Brother Brandham was looking right at him and he said, "Son," he said, "God heard your prayers for your brother's eyes." He said, "He'll be healed." Within within one day, my uncle Jimmy, my dad's brother's eyes straightened out. The Lord had healed the boy. The reason I'm telling the story is today's Brother Brham's birthday. April the 6th. And I uh you know, his his ministry has meant so much to me. And the last sermon that Brother Brandham preached before he got into a tragic car wreck and and died was a communion service and we are having communion tonight. So I thought I thought it was fitting to say a few words about brother Brandham. Um and uh and then also prepare for our communion service tonight where we take the uh the wine and the bread in honor of the Lord Jesus. We've been going through a parable series and I can't I uh every time I say, "Okay, well, I'll move on to something else." And then I just another parable comes to mind and I I start reading about it and I start praying about it and I say, "Oh, this is the best one yet." So, I just one more weekend and we'll stay in the parables and then maybe I'll move to something else after that. But we're back into our parables and Matthew chapter 13. And I really believe that this parable all of us know have heard these parables but when you really dig into them then you can apply them to your lives. Jesus, that was his ministry is telling these kind of stories. And what a parable is is you take something, Jesus takes something common that we see every day and he takes it and he teaches a lesson from it. So then every time that we see this thing that it will come back to our minds. Stephanie and I were out walking a couple days ago and I was talking about parables and the meaning of parables and I said like this prickly pair of cactus here and we were walking and there's landscaping um along the sidewalks and there was all these nice fat prickly pair of cactuses, you know, pretty purple ones and green ones and and they were doing really good. And then we go walking along and then we see this scraggly looking prickly pear that was all shriveled up and half of was laying on the ground and and I said, "You see the difference between these and this one? These other ones are getting water and then this one over here, this cactus, it's not receiving any water." And that's how we should be. We should be watered by the word all the time. or else we will shrivel up and we'll die. And we want to continue on, always being in the word, always reading our Bibles, always praying, and then that water is just water in those roots. And that cactus swells up and it's healthy. But I tell you what, you take the water out and it shrivels up to nothing. That's what a parable is. And that's what Jesus he a lot of what was going on in that time was farming. So many of Jesus's parables were about farmers because that people would see this every day. Matthew chapter 13 verse 24. Another parable. Put he forth unto them, saying, the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. So remember from previous lessons, the the kingdom of heaven is God ruling over his subjects. To have a kingdom, you got to have a king and you got to have subjects. So this kingdom of heaven, we see that there's there's problems in these parables. So it can't be just in heaven. It's still God's kingdom, but we can be the subject of subjects of God here on earth and represent him. So the kingdom of heaven isn't necessarily eternity. The kingdom of heaven is both up there and it's also rep God representing himself through us here on earth. So again, we're talking about a farmer planting crops. We learned about in a pre in previous sermons and actually in this same chapter, we learned about a farmer who planted his seeds on the field. And those seeds, of course, they fell on the on the good soil, but then other seeds fell on the sidewalk and some and those just didn't ever sprout up. They they they just withered. They they they didn't have any moisture. And then others um fell among thistles and and other bushes and they they they came up a little bit but they didn't have a chance to grow because they were choked out by other plants. And then some fell on good ground and those are the ones that grew and bore fruit. So we've we've talked about that parable. Now we're going to talk about this new one. And this kingdom of heaven is likened unto liken unto a man that swed good seed in his field. But when the man slept, but while but while men slept, the enemy came and swed tears among the wheat and went his way. So someone who doesn't like this farmer snuck into his field and spread seeds of another plant that would cause damage. It was vandalism is what happened. And this was fairly common in Jesus's time. It was so common that there were actually laws and penalties specifically for this crime of sewing this bad seed in other people's crops. I mean, it wouldn't be like us playing a trick on somebody. Now, it's actually these people's livelihood. And uh these tears are not edible. In fact, they can be poisonous. So there were laws against this. This was something common. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then then appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, "Sir, did not thou sow good seed in thy field, from whence then hath tears?" And he said unto them, "An enemy has done this." The servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay." He said, "No, lest ye gather up the tears, you'll root up the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest." Very important part. Probably the most important part about this parable. Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I will say to the reapers, "Gather ye together the f first first the tears and bind them into bundle bundles and burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn." All right. So you sew this wheat, you you you sew the wheat, the wheat starts to grow. Then the the enemy comes in and he sews all of these bad seeds and then the people the workers out there, they see there's there's some sort of problem. Now, what do you think is the key to this part of the parable? Somebody, brother Aaron, what do you think the key to this is? There's a key that unlocks this. What do you think? Come on. You're a preacher. You got You got something. He's Yeah, he's teaching. Dan, what do you think? Huh? It's a parable. There's a key. There's a key to this. good. Yeah, he's he's separating the good and the bad. But there is a key that that I know you know that heaven is the field. You read forward. So, so yeah, that's part of it. But, but let me tell you, there's a key. Bearded Darnell, man. And he's like, "Do I was going to say that next?" Bearded Darnell. Does anybody know what it is? Who's this Darnell guy? No. Why does he have a beard? Okay, remember that you that's taking notes right now. Bearded Darnell. And I'm gonna we're gonna come back to this, but it's the key to the whole parable. Lionel's looking at me like, "Man, you're crazy. [Laughter] Let's keep going. I'll come back to that. Another parable. So Jesus tells three parables right now. And then he comes back to this first one. So let's move on. Let's move forward on the scriptures. Another parable. put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took and swed in his field, which indeed is the least of all the seeds. It's the smallest of all the seeds, but when it is grown, it is the greatest among the herbs, and and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air can lodge in the branches thereof. So Jesus is describing faith in another parable as this grain of mustard seed. So it's just just a tiny bit of faith can do great things. And here he's saying that this mustard seed, it's the smallest of all the seeds that all these planters, all these farmers plant, but it has the tallest crop. Bean seeds, you uh gardeners, bean seeds are big, you know, and even wheat seeds are fairly significant, but a mustard seed is tiny. And Jesus li Jesus likens the kingdom of God to a mustard seed. It's insignificant, the seed. And how many people, brothers and sisters, do I hear people tell me, "I'm a sinner. I'm a nothing. I can't do anything. I'm a failure. What could the Lord do with me? You're just you're just a mustard seed, you know. Put some water on it. Plant it and you watch what happens. Mr. Miss mustard seed. It grows. So it's Moses when he met met the Lord met Jehovah at the burning bush. He said,"Lord, I can't talk. I can't preach." God said, "I'm the one that created your mouth. I'm the one that made you to speak." And then he sends a a a great preacher in Moses's brother Aaron to help him out. But it was God that was behind it. Moses may have been a mustard seed and he said, "I can't I can't do anything." But God said, "No, plant that mustard seed." And here's what Jesus is saying and it'll grow, but water it. Isaiah, one of the greatest prophets like Moses in the whole Bible, when he saw God there on the throne, he said, "I'm a man of unclean lips and I live among people of unclean lips. Who am I?" It was a mustard seed. And then he said, "Lord, sent me. Send me." And it bloomed. And that's how it starts in your life. The Holy Spirit is a mustard seed that's planted in your heart. It may be ever so small. And it may lay dormant for years. It may be tiny now, but let it grow. Water it with prayer. Water it with the word. Water it with church. water it with good fellowship and watch that seed grow. And Jesus, he's saying that this you you you get down on yourself, but look at the size of these mustard seeds. And yet look what it turns into. And then he goes on to another parable. In another parable he spake unto them, the kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven which a woman took leavened is yeast. The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took and hid three measures of meal till the whole was leaven. So she took a little bit of yeast and she put it in all of this flour. And we always think of levan as being a bad thing. And Jesus talks in Matthew chapter 16, I'll spend a few minutes on that. Jesus talks about levan and he is relating it to the levven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees. Matthew chapter 16 verse 6 it says this. Then Jesus said unto them take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees. So beware of this yeast from the from the priests that's being mixed into the bread. Verse number 11. How is it that you do not understand that I spoke it to you not concerning bread that you should beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees? Now he's going to tell them what it is. Then understood they how he bade them not to beware of the leaven of bread but the doctrines of the Pharisees and Sadducees. Tell you what, you plant those rough doctrines and it can ruin a congregation. It can ruin your life. And what was the doctrine of the Pharisees and the Sadducees? I mean, they were the priests. They said, "We have Abraham to our father." They said, "We believe Moses." All the rules and interpretation of the rules and all the traditions of the church, all the doctrines that harden the people's hearts. So when the truth of the Bible was manifested before them in the man of Jesus Christ, that leaven of the Pharisees, that doctrine that was in them, they turned down the Lord when he came. Pharisees, they in the form, their levan was in the form of these doctrines and it really ruined the people. Brother Brandham said this in 1963. He said, 'All that lived, he's speaking of the first coming of Christ. He said, 'All that lived right with the word, but they had formed their own way of it, and their children had accepted it in such a way that the fathers had taught it until the fathers had taught it off of the real way. And they had made such an organization out of it till when the when the spirit tried to present the truth, they couldn't receive it. How true is that today? How true is that? It's the same thing today. How many churches have left the Bible, have left the teachings of Jesus Christ to following the teachings of a separatist sectarian theology? How many have left that they need to come back to Christ? We all need to come back to Christ. A brother told me that he had visited another church and he said, "Nice people." He said, "But man, I didn't understand anything that they were saying." I've been to the same I've been around. It's like, "Wow, you know, is this Christianity or is this that Levan that has started to mix and has started to turn our eyes away from Jesus to something else. If someone comes into this church, a visitor and you don't know, someone that reads their Bible, someone that that has is is familiar with Jesus Christ and they come in here and they don't understand what I am preaching. It's a foreign voice to them. It's strange. What does that say about us? What does that say about people who who this this leaven starts going out and then they leave the very foundations of Jesus Christ and they go off into something else. That's really what happened with these Pharisees and Sadducees. They had gone into all of these different doctrines getting them from Moses the prophet and and all of these different doctrines and then it didn't even make sense. And then when the very Messiah came, he was so far off of what their doctrines meant, what their doctrines said that they didn't recognize him. But this parable that Jesus tell is telling right now, Levan is not a bad thing. It's it's He he's talking about that that this leavenan is a is a good thing in this in this parable that that we're going to continue on in Matthew chapter 13. Brother Lyle bakes bread. How would you like to bake bread without yeast? How would you like to have a pancake that that doesn't have at least it'd be a tortilla? You know how how would you like to have how would you like to have bread or or cake? Sister Lonnie made this cake yesterday. Oh man, it was awesome. And uh for for the um the the gathering that we had and it it was good, but imagine if you didn't have yeast in there. It would be this flat terrible thing. I was, by the way, I was cooking burgers yesterday and I got behind the line. So people were waiting and you know I was I was like man heat up grill go faster and I had all these people around me and now I know what a lamb feels feels like before it's about to get eaten by a pack of wolves. I was like you know I'll I'll finish I promise. Verse number 33. So, and another parable he spake he unto them, the kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven which the woman took and hid three measures of meal to the whole was leaven and the whole this this leaven was put in for a good thing or or they wouldn't the the the bakers wouldn't use it and that's how a church is or that's how any group of people is. You can put some lev some yeast in there. You can put some good stuff and the whole church will benefit from it. Even one person, one or two people when they come in, they can bring that spirit and it really all of us just rejoice over it. Or the same thing can happen with a negative spirit. You can bring in negativity and then everyone suffers. We can all We're all in influence. And these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables. And without parables spake he not unto them, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables. I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world. He's referring to Psalm 78. Jesus fulfilled so many scriptures. I was talking um yesterday when uh when I was cooking uh there was a a guy I don't see him um named Jose that came uh he's a brother from Zion City Church and he was giving us his testimony. You were there and I think brother Jonathan was there also. I was listen brother Jonathan I think you were there listening to this man Jose's testimony and uh he was he said that all of these people he has seen they they preach all of these sermons about themselves or other things and they leave out Jesus. And then I asked him, I said, I said, "Show me any sermon or any book or any chapter in the entire New Testament that's not about that one man, Jesus Christ." And then he went on and he said, he said, "Brother," he says, he said, "the entire Old Testament is about him too." And the brother started he started giving his own testimony and he talked about this thing. Do you remember when he said generational curses and how he had to overcome these curses that were in his life? He said his mother was a prostitute. His dad was a drug addict. And he said that's the life that he lived. went to prison and and all all of these things and that that had happened in his life. And I was as as he was speaking, I was looking at him and I was thinking, if I would have seen him 10, 15 years ago or whatever it was and the guy has tattoos up to his chin and his wife was looks the the same way, I would have thought there's no hope for this guy. But God knew who he was. and he saved this man. And now he's an usher in the biggest church in Tucson. Yeah. He's living for the Lord and testifying of the goodness of God that was that was in him. I I was at a youth camp I don't know probably 10 15 years ago and this young man named Fernando came in from California and he uh there was just nothing to that that young man and I I'd always want to talk with him and and try to talk about the Lord and and uh I got some time with him and I said to Fernando I said uh where you from. He told me where he's from in California. And I I said, "Well, what are you here for?" And he says, "Ah, this girl in uh in the church signed me up to come." And I was like, "Okay, all right, cool." You know, you having a good time? Yeah, whatever. And then uh then he says, um I said, "So, what do you think about the Lord Jesus?" He says, "I don't know." He says, "I don't I don't know if there's really a God or you don't know. It just never really resonated with me. I was like, "Okay." And I I just kept talking and there was nothing. And it was like talking to a a a brick wall. And I went every way I could go down every road. And it was just dead end after dead end after dead end. And I was like, "Lord, this there's nothing in this kid." And in my mind, it's like, well, there's the wheat and then there's the tears. There's the good and there's the bad. And there, this kid's really a zero. There's nothing to him. So, the the camp went on. We had a very emotional service where people were coming up to the altar and and crying out to the Lord and he sat in his seat, you know, looking around. I was like, Fernando, man, come on. enter in and he's just nothing. And then another service to close the camp, same thing. Nothing at about this kid at all. And then I didn't think about him after the camp. I was just like, well, the Lord blessed a lot of the youth. A lot of them, maybe some of them he didn't. Later on, I find out Fernando goes home. cuts all of his ties with all of his drinking buddies, with all of his partying buddies, accepts the Lord Jesus Christ as his savior, wants to live right. He says the my surroundings I I can't I can't live I can't live like this. gets up, moves, and then now he is serving the Lord and he's got a bunch of kids and a beautiful sweet wife and and just serving God. And I would have just cut him out. But God sees through these things. He sees things that we don't see. We look at the Apostle Paul, and I can relate to him. He was He was zealous, but boy was he hard. He was he was rough. And I look at my past and how doctrinal I was. Man, you got to see it this way. You got to only hear the pure, unadulterated word of God from the messenger himself. And all the rhetoric that we've heard so much, that was me. And it was here is how you do it. And then God got a hold of me and he changed me. That's how Paul was. This man Saul of Tarsus was later, his name was later changed to Paul. He was rough. He didn't want any of this new sect of Judaism. He didn't want them saying anything. He didn't want this, he wanted this stuff to die because it was hurting Moses's commandments. So, he comes against all of them. And there he is as a young man. And they cast this servant of the Lord Jesus Christ named Stephen. They cast him out of the town. They take up stones. And here is this defenseless young man named Stephen who had accepted Jesus Christ as his savior. And these priests and evil people, they pick up these stones and there is Saul of Tarsus saying, "Do it. Do it." This is Moses's commandment for heresy. And they did it. And he watched them as they took those stones and they beat this man's head in until he died. And that zeal just started going up more and more in Saul of Tarsus. And he goes back and he says, "Okay, that's starting to spread in this town of called Damascus. I'm going to get the letters from the Sanhedrin and I'm going to go and we are going to imprison all of these so-called Christians following this false Christ. We're going to imprison them and bring them back to Jerusalem in chains and either kill them or put them into prison. So, he gets the Sanhedrin, the the the priest. They sign the paper. Here you go. Saul of Tarsus. He's on his road out to Damascus and he is breathing curses to these Christians. It's flowing from him. The hatred is just swelling. And there he goes. Can you imagine how the people sought how the people thought of this man Saul, this evil man? And we'll learn if you read in the book of Acts that they were afraid of him. And there he goes. He's He's going along and he's still just breathing these curses out. And then God had a different plan. He was a mustard seed, man. God had a different plan. This light comes down from heaven. Heaven knocks him onto his back, blinds him, and says, "Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?" Cries out, "Who are you, Lord? And he says, "I am Jesus who you're persecuting." Jesus was in heaven. So how could Jesus say, "You're persecuting me. If you're persecuting one of Jesus's children, you're persecuting him. If you're persecuting one of Stephanie or my children, you're persecuting me." And he changed right there. He gets up. The people that were with him lead him into the town. He's there for three days and he doesn't eat. He doesn't drink. You imagine how Saul felt. He was just killing and wanting to destroy this group of people people. And over here now he's like, "Whoa, this Jesus is right." God gives a vision to this other man. And he tells this man named Ananas he says in that same town he said he said uh go he comes to this man Ananas and says go to the street and to this man's house this certain man named Judas I believe his name was and ask for a man named Saul of Tarsus for behold he's praying wow even this evil man God was hearing his prayers and he says, "I've already showed him a vision that you're coming. Lay your hands on him and he'll receive his sight." And Ananas knew exactly who Jesus was talking about because he said, "Lord, wait a minute. This is a bad guy. Do you you know what he does, right? Talking to God. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. This is you know what he's done to all of the Lord's people and everyone who calls on the name of Jesus. This is that guy. Jesus responds to Ananas, go for Saul is my chosen vessel to take my message to the Gentiles and to kings as well as the pe the people of Israel and I will show him how much he must suffer for my name's sake. So Ananas goes to this man who we would have plucked out right there and Saul he calls him brother. He said, "Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus, who appeared to you on the road, has sent me that you might regain your sight and be filled with the Holy Spirit. And immediately what looked like scales fell off of Saul's eyes and he received his sight back." And he got up. And what do you think the first He hadn't eaten for three days or drank water. What do you think the first thing that Saul did when he got up and got his sight back? Yeah. He didn't eat. He didn't drink. He got baptized. And then after he got baptized, then he ate. What a great man. What would I have done? What would I have thought about this man Jose Hosea I met yesterday? What would I have thought of Saul of Tarsus? Same with Fernando. What would I have thought about these people? But God had something different. Now, we got to get to bearded Darnell. Who is this guy? Let's go back to um chapter 13, verse number 36 in Matthew. Yes. Then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house. This is after he had told them those three parables. And Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house. And his disciples came unto him saying, "Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field." They're like, "Yeah, we understood the mustard seed thing. We understood that one and we understood the leaven, but that that parable that you told about sewing the different kinds of seeds in the field. Can you explain that one a little bit further?" Let's go back and uh read Let's read it again. Go back to verse 24. Thank you. Another parable. put he forth to them, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is like unto a man which sowed good seed in a field." And when while the man slept, his enemy came and swed tears among the wheat and went and went his way. Then when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, "Sir, does thou not sow good seed in thy field? From whence then hath it tears?" And he said unto them, "An enemy hath done this." The servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" And he said, "No." He said, "Lest you gather up the lest while you gather up the tears, you root up also the wheat with them. Let them both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I will say unto the reapers, gather ye to gather ye together the first the tears and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn. Now skip to verse 37, brother Dan, where you were at before. Verse number 37 says this. He answered and said unto them, he that sweth the seed, the good seed, is the son of man. Jesus refer referred to him, this is very important. Jesus referred to himself usually as son of man. It means that he was basically born from the womb of a woman and he's a human being. It means that he was a man. Jesus wanted to be associated with mankind. He could have said he was a son of God. He did say he was the son of God once or twice, but he wanted to lower himself to be one of us. So he called himself son of man and he and he uh he was saying that basically I'm the guy that planted this field in the world. The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears are the children of the wicked one. Now there's this good seed and there's the tears. What do you think the tears are? I always thought that they're like this sticker bush and if you go in and you pull out one of the weeds that you pull out the roots of the of the good plants. That's not what he's saying. That's what I've always thought my whole life that that's what it is. When I was in living in Jeffersonville, I I planted I I used to like my garden and I would plant rows and the first time I planted my garden, I planted like mustard greens and beans and kale and spinach. Well, this row right here, I watered them and in a couple days some clover started coming up. And clover is like the stuff in the grass, you know, and it it popped up and I was like, man, I started picking it out. How did the clover seed already get into my garden? All these weeds already. So, as time went on, a couple days and more and more came and I kept picking them out and picking them out. And then I noticed, wait a minute, this clover's growing in a row. I was picking my mustard greens because they looked just like clover. Bearded Darnell is exact it's it's a type of wheat and it looks exactly like wheat. If you show a picture of of what it is, on the left is wheat and on the right is Darnell. So they look almost exactly and when they're young, when they're little, you can't tell the difference at all. Even an expert can't tell the difference. So Jesus is saying that if you go and you pick it out, that you're going to pick out the good stuff, too, because you don't know. You can't tell what's good and what's bad. Remember Jose? Remember Fernando, the Apostle Paul? You don't know what's good and what's bad. So just let it grow until it matures. The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears are the children of the wicked one. So what a as it grows, as this wheat and these tears grow, as this darnell and this wheat grow, it when it gets mature, then you are able to tell a difference. Because why? Because it's fruit that it's bearing. It bears wheat. a wheat plant will come up and bow its head full of that seed. The Darnell just shoots straight up and it it's it's sitting there right there. And even the seed is poisonous. So when this enemy of this man spread this seed, he was not only vandalizing the guy's crop, but it could have also poisoned his family. A very, very, very evil thing to do. And the enemy that swed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world and the reapers are the angels. So Jesus says, "You don't do it because you don't know. Leave it to the angels when they come at the end." And they're going to bind the good and they're going to bind the bad. As the tears, as therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of this world. The Son of Man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all of the things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them into the furnace. There shall be wailing and nashing of teeth. Then shall the righteous shine forth as a son in the kingdom of their father, who hath who hath ears to hear, let him hear. So not notice the master of the field told the workers, don't pull it up because you might pull up the good seed. And the reason he said that is not because the roots are tangled together. It's actually good when you pull a weed out of your garden. It kind of airates the soil and and loosens it up so that that plant can can dig down deeper. And that that weed is is competing for the the nutrients. It's competing for what what the the soil has and and the the Bible says that the rain falls on the just and the unjust. So, as the rain is falling on this fake wheat and this real wheat, they're both rejoicing over the presence of the Lord. They're both getting something from God. They're both growing because of this these nutrients in the soil and this rain and the sunshine. But when they mature, one has good fruit and one doesn't. One group will be burned with fire and the other group will enter into the kingdom of of God. And then Jesus makes the statement. He says, "Whosoever has ears, let him hear," which means all of us. And this parable has been read over and over and over. And Jesus saying these things like everyone should be listening to me. And as you're thinking about this parable and as we are thinking about it as we get older, are we maturing? Are we maturing in God? And the realization of who we are, is that really manifesting itself? Am I becoming more like Christ? Am I becoming more holy? Or are you becoming more like the world? Are you looking more like the world as you get as as you as you grow older? Are you acting more like the world? The wheat, brothers and sisters, the wheat didn't have a choice where it was planted. God just planted it there. He planted us here and we are maturing and the weeds are maturing. This wheat, it's a it's a parable. So, it's not he he's teaching us a lesson, but this wheat didn't have the opportunity to change. It was wheat. It was born wheat. It grew up wheat. And neither did the tear have the opportunity to change. But we do. And that's the wonderful thing about the gospel. Jesus says, "Have faith." Jesus tells us to believe. All the prophets tell us to believe. And if we are to believe, then we have a choice to make. And we choose this or we choose that. And the choices that we make really prove who we are. And there's a new birth that changes. It can change a tear into a wheat. It can change us. But I had to make the choice. You have to make the choice. Am I going to be something that's just fruitless that's going to be gathered and burned or am I going to be a wheat something that helps other people something that's a blessing to others? We have that choice. the musicians can come and we're close. A bearded Darnell that sorry I thought you'll never forget it. [Laughter] It's a um it's it's actually it's it's got a a lot to it, but it was common for people to do this back in Jesus's time. and to ruin crops. And it wasn't until recently that a combine now can separate the different seeds between wheat and this false wheat. And that's really that's how God's combines are. That it can grow up together and then let God sort it out. There's friends, there's it's not up to me to sort even as a pastor of the church. So many pastors try to do it. They say you are and you aren't. It's not up to me to sort it out because so many people would be if it was up to us, how many people would be lost and just say, "No, that person there's no hope for that person." And then that person turns out to be one of the finest Christians you've ever met. One of the most influential people in the whole Bible was the Apostle Paul. You know his name was Saul of Tarsus. Jesus called himself son of man really because he wanted to be associated with the human race. Saul of Tarsus his name was changed to Paul which is the Roman name, the gentile name. for Saul because he wanted to be associated with that group of people. He wanted to grow among them. He wanted to he loved them. And that's why his ministry was the most successful really in history is because of how much love that he had. And he didn't separate. He just let them all grow together. And boy, there was a lot of wheat in his ministry. Brothers and sisters, there's wheat in this building and there's Darnell. Every every congregation has both. And it's up to you if you want to make the choice. Lord, I want to be a wheat. I want a new birth. I want to change this person that I used to be. I want to change it into this Christian that I hear preached from the pullpit that I read in the Bible. I want to change it to that person. God already knew the decision that you were going to make. He's the one that called us and we many of us answered that call. God bless you, brother Josiah. [Music] Just as I am without one plea, but that thy blood was shed for me and that thou bit me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God. I come. I come. That verse again. Just as I am without one plea, but that thy blood was shed for me, and that thou bid me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God. I come. I come. You know the ministry of the great evangelist Billy Graham. He would close a sermon very often, I'd say usually with this song. And how many millions of people came to the Lord Jesus Christ from this song that was calling them just as I am. Poor, wretched, blind. Think about Paul. Just as I am. And there Paul is laying there. Poor, wretched, mean-spirited and blind. And yet God had mercy on him and turned him into one of the greatest servants in the world. Friends, he had mercy on Paul. He had mercy on me. He had mercy on you. Let that mustard seed, let it bloom. Let it sprout. Because if you do, you have no idea what God can do. He can do great things with all of us. But if we got to we just we got to make that decision first. Lord, I give my heart to you. I stand with you, God. Whatever you require, I'll do it. Saul of Tarsus, he had that attitude once he knew that Jesus was in fact the Christ. And if we will do the same, friends, there's no telling what God will do. We're in this field of the world. We're not going to change the whole field. It is what it is. But we can have an influence just like that leaven in that that bread. We can have a le we can have an influence on the whole loaf. And I want to do it just as I am. Just as I am. For [Music] wretched blind, sight riches, healing of the mind. Yay. All I need in thee to find all of God I come. I come just as I am in waiting not. [Music] just as I am and waiting not to rid it my soul of one dark blood to thee whose blood can cleanse each God, oh lamb of God, I come. [Music] That verse again, just as I [Music] am, waiting on to my soul. of one dark. To thee who blood can cleanse each [Music] fall of God I come. [Music] Worship him. When he calls you, come and say, "Lord, here I am. Send me, Lord. Lord, water that that seed that's in me, Lord. Change me. Change me from a weed to a wheat. And never never look around you and judge anyone else and think that they are not that pure wheat of God. Even though they might look like something else, God can change them. He changed you, Manny. He changed me, Lionel. He changed you. He's changed He's changed so many of us. changed us from well the person that I was to the person that I am. And the best thing about it with me, he ain't done. There's a whole lot more of growing. And that weed's going to keep blooming. It's going to keep coming. Let's Let's all stand and sing it again. Brother Josiah. Just as I am, thou wilt receive will dwell, cleanse, relieve because thy promise I Believe oh lamb of God I come. I [Music] come. My chains are gone. I've been saved. Praise God. Thank you Lord. My God, my Savior has ransomed [Music] me. And like a flood his mercy raise, unending love, amazing grace. I was speaking to a young man yesterday and I was talking about the Lord and he said, "Well," he was talking to me about all the rules and regulations and all that in the churches that he's been to. And I said, "Brother, let me tell you something." I said, "When you truly accept Jesus Christ as your savior, those chains are gone. There is liberty and freedom in Jesus Christ. You mis you misunderstand. There is liberty and freedom in Jesus Christ. And it's the world and Satan that binds us. It may he may work through he may work through addiction. He may work through your church. But God sets us free. Amen. The liberation of Jesus Christ. One more time. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I It was grace. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. and grace my fears relie. Praise God. How preious did that grace appear the hour I first believe. My chains are gone. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom [Music] me. And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. Are your chains gone? If they're not, you have the opportunity to drop them right here. Then you can leave them in this church. We'll throw them away. You never have to put them back on. That's the liberty of Jesus Christ. Bow our heads. [Music] If there'd be anybody here, man, woman, young lady, young man, or child that would want to give your heart to Jesus Christ and shed the chains of the world, now would be a good time. Our father, you know the hearts of every person here. Lord, you know our needs. You know our faults. And Father, you know if we're a weed, if we're a wheat or if we're a tear. Father, I can't help believe that every soul in this building here is a wheat. Father, bless each one, I pray. And if there would be Lord someone that you're working on their hearts, I pray that they would receive what you have for them. May the Holy Spirit enter into that person or those people. Go with us, Father. Prepare our hearts. We pray for our communion service tonight. May it be pleasing to you in Jesus name. Amen. The Lord has promised good to me. His word, my hope secures. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy brings unending love, amazing grace. is the earth. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. But God who called me here alone will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior is friend to me. And like a flood his mercy raise unending love. Amazing grace. Just our voices. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Praise God. Yeah, he's the champion. Jesus Christ is my savior. He's my God. He's my all and all. Oh, I love him. He's good. He's [Music] [Applause] great. He changed me from a tear to a wheat. I'm a witness. I'm a testimony. I think there's many people here that can say the same thing. Yeah. Amen. Amen. One more song before I leave. I don't want to let you leave. I just One more song. Feeling too much good energy. Let's all raise our hands and worship him just for a little longer. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou [Music] art. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Let's just continue to worship him. Let us let him hear our praises here. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great, oh how great thou are, Lord Jesus. How great thou art and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Glory. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are, oh Lord my God. Oh Lord my God. When I in awome wonder consider all. Yes Jesus the world's thy hands have. Hallelujah. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Yes. Thy power [Music] throughout the universe. Glory to God. Praise God. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my savior God to [Music] thee. How great thou are, how great. And when I think And when I think of this now that God, his only son not sparing sent him to die home. I scarce can take him. That on that cross, that on the cross, my puring [Applause] gladly. He bled and died to take away my sins. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou art. How great thou are. When Christ shall come. This is what we're looking for. Christ shall come with shouts of the nation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Hallelujah. Then I shall bow in harmful ladoration and proclaim. My God, how great thou are. Hallelujah. How great you are. For this sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] Now I'll let you go communion service tonight and uh be ready and uh it's it's a very very important thing that we do is taking the the body and blood of our Lord Jesus. God bless you brothers and sisters. May God be with you. You're dismissed. [Music] So I'll cherish the old rocket cross till my trophies at last I lay down. I'll claim to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, the emblem of suffering and [Music] shame. and was on that old cross where the dearest and best for a world of lost sinners was slain. Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged cross. Till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a [Music] crown in the old rugged cross so despised by the world as a one subction. Dear lamb of God, left his glory above to bear it to dark calary. [Music] Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay [Music] down. I will cling to the old ruged cross. and exchange it someday for a crown. Oh, in the old rugged cross stained with blood so divine a wonderous beauty I see. boat was on that old cross. Jesus suffered and died to pardon and sanify me. So I'll cherish the old rugged cross. Till my trophies at last are lay down. I will cling to the old bro cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Oh, and to the old rugged cross I will ever be true. with shame and reproach gladly there bear. For he'll call me someday to that home far away where his glory forever I'll share. So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a ground. So I'll [Music] cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and by his grace and exchange it someday for a crown. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness, oh God, my father. There is no shadow of turning with thee. [Music] Thou changest not. Thy compassions they fail not. As thou hast been, thou forever will [Music] be. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] Great is thy [Music] faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I [Music] see. All I have needed, thy handath proided. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Summer and winter and springtime and harvest. Sun, moon, and stars in their courses above. Join with all nation in manifold witness to thy great faithfulness, mercy and love. Oh great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies. All I have needed, thy and hath proided. Great is thy [Music] faithfulness unto me. [Music] pardon for sin and a peace that enduring thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide. Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. [Music] Blessings all mine with 10,000 beless. [Music] Hello. Here you are. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
