################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - Leave the Herd, The Story of Nicodemus: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-17
Title:   Leave the Herd, The Story of Nicodemus: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuZmw8NOGCY
========================================

Uh you heard Bethany sing and my brother Adam's here. I I give a report every once in a while on this boxing gym that we started uh a number of years ago and I used to help teach the the Bible studies and I ended up leaving. Now, Adam, the the full load rests on my brother Adam. And it's just been it's been a real blessing to see how these inner city just a lot of them are just, excuse the term, but they're thugs. And let me tell you, they come in and Adam is not intimidated by anybody. And they come in and he'll set them straight. He'll be he'll be like, "Get in their face. you're doing wrong and they respect him. They call him preach. I'm like, "All right, man. I I like that. That that's good." So, he preaches to these kids every Wednesday evening, teaches a Bible study. And I thought it would be good to give Adam, it's usually short, you know, 10, 15 minutes. And I thought, I asked Adam, I said, "Hey, would you just give us a little taste of of what you do for these these boxers, these fighters? They're not just boxers, but they're MMA fighters. And Adam gets in there right in the middle of them, and they love him and he loves them. And we have seen many, many people come to the Lord Jesus just through this little ministry. So, Adam, if you'd come up and say a few words to the congregation. He's my little brother and I love him very much. Thank you. So Dan asked me, he said, "How about like, you know, 15, 20 minutes, you know, just the regular Bible study thing." And so my wife is part of me. That was five. So I think that takes me down to about 10 is what I owe here. Uh I'll read a a a quick scripture. This is in Proverbs. You don't have to look it up. It's Proverbs 13:20. He that walketh with wise men shall be wise, but he that but a companion of fools shall be destroyed. So we see the these these boxers and I'm going tell you a little. So my brother asked me, he said, "Would you speak to him a little bit? What what do you think you want to talk about?" I said, "How about zebras?" And he goes, "Yeah, wait, what?" And I said, "Zebras? I want to talk about zebras." And he's like, "What? what are you talking about? And I kind of told him, he said, "That's good because I think I'm going to talk about monkeys later." It's like, "Okay, well, good. We're on the same page." And so, so I'm I'm gonna tell you a little bit about zebras here in a minute. But these boxers, like a lot of us, they they've just found themselves in hard times a lot of times. And like like my brother said, they're it's it's rough. It's it's a rough neighborhood they're in. It's a rough sport they're in. And for a lot of them, this is the only kind of refuge they have from this this street life for a lot of them. But you get to know them and they're they're they're good. They're they have a heart. They have a soul and and we want to give them some opportunity. But they they have vices. They have things that hold them back like all all of us do. &gt;&gt; We have things and sometimes some some are more visible than others, but we all have them. And they definitely have them. And as you see them want to live better lives, it's one of the things that that we talk about is how do we get rid of these vices? How do we move forward? Zebras. There's a there's a guy that I read some of his stuff. His name is Jordan Peterson. He's not not the Jordan Peterson. That's I don't know if Brother Jordan I don't know if he's here today, but it's he's a &gt;&gt; you have the the Jordan Peterson. This is just a Jordan Peterson. But but I read some of his stuff. Really interesting. It's kind of like why our our psyche is the way it is. Why do we think the way we do? And he he has some really interesting stuff. Well, he tells a story about these the study of zebras that these these men went and did. And so they went out to study zebras. And we all know, you know, somehow zebra stripes are about camouflage, right? But how is it that you can see a zebra a mile away? And it didn't didn't really make sense. So these people were studying zebras just in general. One of them would be watching this certain zebra and that zebra would go and do something and he'd write it down and he'd look up and he's like, "Ah, I lost my zebra." Like, where'd it go? Because there's all these zebras there and they're all intermingling together. And so what they did was they said, "May we need to be able to pick out a certain zebra so we could study this zebra." And so they went and they would paint a spot on this certain zebra so that way they could identify it easy. Okay? And so they painted a spot on the zebra. They started studying it and you know what happened? The lions came and ate that zebra with the spot on it. And it's like, what in the world? And so they did it again. And you know what happened? The lions came and ate that zebra with the spot on it. And what they kind of started to discover was we always say that lions, you know, they hunt the weak, the sick, the the the young ones. And we always thought that was just this like benev benevolent lion that had to take these out of the herd, you know, for suffering. But it's not that. What it is is the lions have this secret language they speak and they know which one that they can isolate and pull it off to its side and hunt that one. And they would know, oh, there's a different one. It's got a spot on it. Let's go hunt that one. And that's the one they would get because they could pull it away from its herd and isolate it. We are zebras. We can't we can't help it. Zebras, they don't have camouflage up against the Serengeti, but they have camouflage against themselves. And so you put these zebras together, you put these zebras together, and it confuses the lions. They can't they can't tell one from the other and they're going in and out and they can't pick one out. So there's safety to these zebras that mix together and they know if they stand out they're in danger and that's the way we feel sometimes and we put ourselves whether it's good or bad we put ourselves in this safety zone. We don't want to be even a zebra on the outside. We want to be in the middle of the herd, right in the middle, and we're safe and we're mixing in with it's like the same thing with fish. You see these schools of fish and they're all trying the big bad fish. They get in the middle of the fish. The fish on the outside, those are the ones that get eaten. So the that's why the fish school together. That's why you never see one zebra, right? They're they're in a group because that's where the safety is. Our minds are kind of the same way. We put ourselves in this box and we say we have to be the certain way because we feel safe. And that might be good, but it might not. When I'm talking to these boxers, I understand they they have this safety zone. It might be terrible. Their zebra herd might be their street gang. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's so hard for them to put the spot on themselves and say, "I'm leaving this." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to step out and do something different. &gt;&gt; Because we're zebras. We want to fit in. Right? So, I guess the message that I'm trying to get across is as we go through this life, always consider what box you're in. And it's not always bad, but it might be. If you're having trouble getting rid of your vices, you're having trouble. I want to serve the Lord and I want to do better and I don't want to do this thing. Ask who's influencing you. Ask who you're surrounding yourself with. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where you feel comfortable. It's not comfortable. It's not good. Right? When those lions come to attack, that's not who you want to be with, right? You want to be you want to be around people who challenge you, challenge you to consider hard things, challenge the way that you've thought, challenge you to get better, challenge you to grow spiritually. That's that's the herd that we want to be in. Right? So, always think about that. Let me read this proverb. Let me read this proverb one more time and then I'll I think I don't know if that's 10 minutes or not, but he that walketh with wise men shall be wise, but he I'm sorry, but a companion of fools shall be destroyed. It's it's juxtaposing these things. Your herd is full of wise men. That's who you associate yourself with. You're going to be wise. Amen. &gt;&gt; You hang out with fools, you're going to be destroyed. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. So, think about it. I know I know my brother talks about it a lot. If you keep doing what you've been doing, you're going to keep getting what you've gotten, right? Sometimes that's, man, I'm going to church. I'm feeling good. The spirit's re revived in me. I'm doing right. Yeah. Keep doing that. You're gonna keep getting that. Man, I just can't get over this. What am I doing? I suffer. I Why can't I quit X, Y, or Z? It's because you're doing what you always been doing. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Change it up. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Change your herd. &gt;&gt; It's hard though. It's hard. There's something in us that says danger. You don't fit in. These people you've been around, you don't fit in with them anymore. Danger. But just understand it's worth it. &gt;&gt; Get away from them, &gt;&gt; right? Challenge yourself that way, &gt;&gt; brother. That's what I got. Appreciate you guys. Love you. Good job. Thank you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I want to hear about the monkey. &gt;&gt; Man, you you messed up my notes. I got the idea from the monkeys about Adam's zebras. And you know, it's like, okay, the Tucson Tabernacle Zoo. He told me, he says, I want to talk about zebras. And I said, you know, I got a story about monkeys. And I I looked up this story. It's a famous um experiment that went on and it is presented wrong usually this experiment on these monkeys. So the experiment goes as you read that there is a this scientist has this bunch of monkeys. Anytime you say monkeys, it makes people smile. That's why I see a bunch of smiles out there. When when when you so you have a bunch of monkeys in this room and you take a banana or a piece of fruit and you put it up at the top of a ladder and then when the monkeys go up to get the fruit, the scientist takes a hose and he sprays them all down and then they run away. And then when they try to go get the fruit again, even if one monkey goes to get the fruit, he sprays all of the monkeys down. So then they take one of those monkeys out that are educated in the in the use of a garden hose and they they put this other monkey in that has no idea what's going on. and he sees the fruit up at the top of the ladder and he goes to get the fruit and all of the monkeys know what's going to happen. So, they all grab him and say, "Don't go and get the fruit." And then after a while, they start taking one monkey out and putting another new monkey in. And these new monkeys, they learn not to get the fruit and to attack the ones that are going to get the fruit. And pretty soon, they're all new monkeys. and the old monkeys that experienced the garden hose are gone and still nobody's getting the fruit. That's how Have you ever heard of that that experiment? Well, it's not true. And that's the that's the monkey story I was going to tell today. So, I'm I'm reading this story and I'm thinking, okay, well, that's good. You know, that that applies to all of our lives. But that actually didn't happen. But the experiment did happen. And you know a lot of times when we're tell telling a story or when we have a testimony it is human nature for that testimony to change over time. It's normal. In fact your memory changes over time and you might tell a story that happened 20 years ago and it might be very very different than when it was. But you know one thing that I've noticed and that is the original story is always the best and what has changed you know you might exaggerate it never ends up as good as the original story that God gives you. So the original experiment here was you have the monkeys and you have the scientist and you have the fruit. Let's call it a banana. And the scientist puts the banana. let's say at the top of the ladder. And when the monkeys go to get the fruit, they're sprayed with compressed air and it scares them and they run away. And then the another one tries to go get the fruit and he gets sprayed with compressed air and they run away. And pretty soon they're not trying to get the fruit anymore because they're afraid they're going to get shot with this air. So then they take a monkey that has no idea what's going on and they place the monkey in with these educated monkeys and this monkey sees the new monkey sees the fruit and he goes to get the fruit and he gets the fruit and he goes and eats it. And the other monkeys see that this monkey got the fruit and they were flinching when he goes to get the fruit. They're like, "Okay, it's going to hit him." It didn't hit him. So then the educated monkeys, they see, "Oh, I think I'm gonna I got the fruit." And then they all go and they get the fruit. And what the bad experience that they had when they first started quickly gets forgotten and they're able to eat the fruit. And it was all because of this new monkey that came in and showed them, hey, don't be afraid. And he didn't know what was going on. He just wanted a banana. and he goes and he grabs the banana and he shows that the other monkeys, even though they had a bad experience, that it's okay to go and get this piece of fruit. And that's what we need always to be careful about. just because we do something or we have done something through generations. It's nice when a new monkey comes in and says, "Why do you do that?" And if you can't answer that question or if you just answer, "Well, this is the way that we've always done it." There's something wrong. And there might be some fruit there that you are not eating that you might be afraid to eat. and the new monkey comes in and it might be somebody new in the congregation and I love it when somebody comes in the in new and they say, "Hey, why do you do this and I'm able to answer it?" And it shouldn't be because that's the way we've always done it. There should be a Bible answer if there is a Bible question. And Adam, I love Adam's story of the zebras where these zebras that they they were they felt comfortable because they all look the same because they all act the same. But when a zebra comes out and a zebra maybe looks different than the other zebras and that zebra is opening himself up to the lions, we need that kind of a leader, that kind of zebras that will that will lead that's not afraid to maybe step away from the herd, maybe ask why. When someone tells you just believe, never ask why, there's something wrong. Always ask if you don't understand. Always ask why. Does this line up with the Bible? And why do we do these things? There was a man in the Bible that I want to talk about this morning. His name was Nicodemus. A lot of people have a bad opinion of Nicodemus that he came by night. He snuck out from his group of priests and he wanted to talk to this man Jesus. He had heard so much about him. He wanted to talk with him. He wanted to see what is all this about. He separated Adam. He separated himself from the herd. Even though it was by night, lions hunt at night, too. But he came out and he said, "I want to know why. I want to know what's going on with this man Jesus. So, let's get into the word. John chapter 1. And this is about this man, Nicodemus. And we'll see the progression of this man. Nicodemus was a Pharisee. Not only was he a Pharisee, but he was a leader of the Pharisees. I have heard him called the a Pharisee of the Pharisees. A teacher of the teachers. This man was very respected. This man Nicodemus, he had the respect of all the preachers. He had the respect of everyone. And here he comes and he's like, "Everybody seems to be in agreement here. The herd is all running." And Nicodemus is like, "Yeah, but that banana looks really good. I'd like to maybe try it out." There was a man John chapter 3 verse one. There was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. The same came to Jesus by night and said unto him, "Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God." What a statement, and I believe he was sincere when he said it. We know that you are a teacher that comes from God. For no man can do the miracle, these miracles that thou doest except God be with him. He was the top of the Sanhedrin council. This man Nicodemus, as I said, very well respected. Jesus answered and said unto him, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Nicodemus saith unto him, "How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into the mother's womb and be born? Nicodemus is taking this with an open mind. He didn't come to argue with Jesus. He came by night. He had something in his heart. He wanted to know what was going on and he was willing to separate himself from the herd a little bit. The very fact that he is with Jesus and that he is questioning it means that he's questioning his old way of thinking. Just the fact that he came out and he's with Jesus. He's not understanding. But there must have been something in this priest that was sincere, that was longing, maybe longing for a change, that was maybe hungry. And he saw everybody else cowering down in a corner or talking among them amongst themselves. And but there was a hunger inside of this man Nicodemus. So he asked, he says, "Can I enter back into my mother's womb and be born again? I don't understand what you're talking about." Jesus answered, said, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit." So Jesus is telling him that there's something beyond your religion, Nicodemus. There's something beyond your life. There is something more. There's something greater. Marvel not that I said to thee that you must be born again. He says this. He says, "The wind bloweth where it listeth. And thou hearest the sound thereof, but can't not tell whence it cometh and whether it goest. So is everyone that is born of the spirit." New Living Translations, easier to understand on this one. It says, "The wind blows." Jesus speaking, "The wind blows wherever it wants." Just as you can hear the wind, but you can't tell where it comes from or where it is going, so you can't explain how people are born of the spirit. We all want to put a limit of God on God. We all want to say that if you become a zebra, then you'll receive the Holy Spirit. If you listen to this type of music, you will receive the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit, friends, is not subject to our understanding. The Holy Spirit's like the wind. It blows wherever it wants to. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter if I'm just standing here and the wind hits me in the side of the face. I can't say I I don't like that. No, the wind controls where the wind goes. And we don't know how it happens. We don't know why it happens. We just know the wind blows. And Nicodemus answered and said to them, "How can these things be?" Jesus answered and said unto him, "Art thou a master of Israel and knowest not these things?" Nicodemus, you're teaching. You're a master. You're a teacher of the teachers, and you don't know these things. There are so many times that that ministers come in the pull pit and they are teaching things that they really don't understand. These things have been told to them and they have taken them as the truth and then they just regurgitate them out and not really having that experience. And Jesus is like, "Nicodemus, you got way more education than I do. You've been around this way longer than I have, Nicodemus, but you're a teacher of this and you really don't understand even what you're teaching. And it's not just pastors, but they tell each other how a church should be run and how a pastor should preach without understanding of what they're talking about and with no banana as their evidence. 1 Timothy chapter 1 says, "As I urge you when you when I went into Macedonia, remain in Ephesus that you may that you may charge," the Apostle Paul's speaking, "that you may charge some that they teach no other doctrine, nor give heed to fables and endless genealogies which cause disputes rather than godly edification which is in faith." Now the purpose of the commandment, the apostle Paul is saying, now the purpose of the commandment, I'm reading the New King James Version, is love from a pure heart, from a good conscience and from a sincere faith from which some having strayed have turned aside to idol talk. King James says to j to vain jangling I believe it says yes to idol talk desiring to be teachers of the law understanding neither what they say nor the things which they affirm and here is Jesus talking to Nicodemus he's like Nicodemus you're trying to teach this stuff you're trying to teach Moses's commandments you're trying to and you are the professor of the professors and you you don't know what's real Nicodemus You're just in the room with the monkeys and there's fruit there. There's food there. And here Jesus is telling the master teacher, he's like, "Nicodemus, you're not understanding. Verily, verily, I say unto thee. We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen, and you receive not our witness. I uh it's very frustrating and I know it was frustrating to Jesus when he is being told by all these Pharisees here's how you should do it and Jesus comes back in Nicodemus and he says listen here's what's happening here's what's going on you don't have it in your church and you're criticizing me and you're criticiz he says us If I have told you earthly things, and you believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you heavenly things, and no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that cometh down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven. Nicodemus, his mind is probably blown right now because he was Nicodemus is a believer and he's like, "Wow, he's speaking to me here and he's saying that he's in heaven and and this is this is awesome." And Nicodemus is is is just listening to this. And it could be that Jesus is continuing to introduce him to the way as it was called before it was called Christianity. He was he's introducing him to the message. He's introducing him to the gospel. Whatever you want to call it, Jesus is giving Nicodemus the chance to receive eternal life. and Moses. And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up. Nicodemus was a scholar. He knew his Bible. He knew that Moses lifted up that bronze serpent in the wilderness to where people when they were bitten by a snake, they could look up at this bronze serpent and they could be healed. And Jesus is comparing himself to that bronze serpent. He's giving Nicodemus a chance. And whosoever believeth in him should not perish, the one that the bronze serpent was made after should not perish, but have have eternal life. Nicodemus, this is greater than your healing, Nicodemus, this is greater than being delivered from nicotine or alcohol or pornography or sexual improprieties. Nicodemus, this is greater than being delivered of them all. This is your eternal salvation, Nicodemus. I remember Adam, Adam and I, Bethany was there, Stephanie was there, Daniel was there. My mom was dying of cancer and we were, it had been, it was winter and the sun hadn't shone and it seemed like months and we're in there and we were having service with mom in her house and mom was just she was on her deathbed. It was it was the late stages of cancer for mom. And we started singing after service, just our little service in our house. And as we were singing, the clouds parted and the sun started shining in the room. And I I remember I said, "Let's pray for mom." And we all got around mom and remember mom's dying. It could be any moment then. She couldn't get up. She couldn't walk. She couldn't do she couldn't do anything. And I laid my hands on her and and my my brothers and my my family laid our hands on her and and we started praying. And I remember saying this. I remember saying, "Satan, you have no right. Back off." And as we were all praying and as Adam was praying, he had his hands on mom and he felt and he was right by the cancer and Adam felt the cancer start to try to leave and he felt it push up against his side. Adam, am I right? Raise your hand if I'm if I'm saying it right. Pushed up against his side. the the enemy, the demon that was there that was tormenting my mom wanted out. And Adam basically was like, "You're not coming in here." That's what he told me after it happened. That day, mom stood up. She hadn't raised her arm where the cancer was in months. She raised one arm. We were praying. She raised both arms and she said, "It's leaving. It's leaving." Standing there longer than she had stood in months and the cancer left and the next day she hiked four miles in the state park. But let me tell you something. Mom got sick again. Few years later she got sick with cancer and she died. When we are healed there is a purpose in our healing. And it's not just our healing. When we see a miracle it's not the miracle that is the purpose. It is it is underlying. It is laying a foundation for something far more important. And this is what Jesus is telling Nicodemus. This is far greater Nicodemus than anything. This is your salvation. Mom died, but I have a promise that I will see her again because this same one that came to Nicodemus came to mom, saved her, saved me. That's the important thing. The healing, you're going to get sick again. You You get delivered of this, you're going to struggle with something else. Praise the Lord that he's so good to us that he delivers us. But the main thing is that we come to a living Jesus Christ like this Nicodemus was seeing here. And Nicodemus is trying to or the the Lord Jesus is trying to introduce him to this. And there's Nicodemus. And I guarantee he was taking it in like whoa whoa. Verse number 16. For God so loved the world. Jesus talking to Nicodemus. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. How much greater of a miracle? How much greater of a promise is that than being delivered, than being healed, whatever it might be. That is the greatest promise. And that is what Jesus is telling Nicodemus. It's like, listen, this is it. And there is Jesus saying, "God gave his only begotten son." And there he was looking right at him. Can you imagine being in Nicodemus position? There you are looking at the son of God, the one that God is giving for our salvation. I'll read it again. We all have it memorized. For God so loved the world. Jesus talking to Nicodemus at night, maybe across the table. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned. But he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God and nothing else. Friends, the monkeys are afraid. But if you lift up Jesus Christ, overcome that fear. Overcome that fear like Adam said of leaving the herd. You don't have to be where you are now. You can walk out on your own and say, "You know what? The lions are going to eat me, but I have a champion and Satan, you can't do anything to me without him approving it." Verse number 19. And this is the condemnation that light is come into the world and men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. We think of devils and we think of demons. But Jesus here is speaking to a priest and he's saying that men love darkness rather than light. How do we know that these people love darkness rather than light is because of what they do. It could be drugs, could be sex, could be doctrines in the church. The ones that pull people away from Christ and his teaching and add something else are the ones that Jesus is talking about here. And all of us have weaknesses. Every person here has a weakness. And the enemy will use your weakness to pull you away from Jesus. For everyone that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved. But he that doeth truth cometh to the light that his deeds may be made manifest that they are wrought in God. New International Version says, "But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God." And Jesus's conversation here with this priest comes to an end. But a seed was planted in this man. And it's probably a couple years passed until we see this Nicodemus again. It said, I was wondering why is Nicodemus only in John and Matthew, Mark, and Luke. He's not mentioned. And as I was studying, one of the theologians, one of the commentaries said that John's gospel was probably written last of all of them. And Nicodemus was still alive with these other ones. And if they would have mentioned him, it would have put Nicodemus in danger. I don't know if that was the answer or not, but here is this man Nicodemus and Jesus had planted a seed inside of him from this night conversation and it started to grow inside of Nicodemus. And then as time goes on, we see Nicodemus show up in the scriptures again. And Nicodemus is starting to develop this strength. He's starting to develop this faith. And sometimes, friends, you know, there's there's two kinds of personalities that I see in life. When you go swimming, there are the ones that just jump in. And then there are those of us, my wife, she just jumps in. And then those of of us that, you know, I gotta go in slow and it's cold, you know, and then you go in a little bit further and a little bit further. So, it's not all of us that can be a Peter and a James and a John and a Matthew that as soon as they see Jesus, they just jump right in. There's also in Nicodemus that he's just waiting in slow. He wants to make sure. So when we're witnessing to people, never give up. They might just be like Nicodemus. They might be coming in slowly. So Jesus accuses. Later on in the gospel, we see that Jesus accuses the people of exactly what they were planning on doing. They were planning to kill him. Jesus healed a man on the Sabbath day. And this scripture, really, this scripture always amazes me. They condemn Jesus for healing on the Sabbath day, but they but they haven't healed anyone. They sit in the corner, the monkeys, doing nothing, afraid that they're going to get sprayed with air. And here they're condemning Jesus. I'm about to read. They're condemning Jesus for healing. You shouldn't be healing people on the Sabbath. And here's Jesus is like, "What are you what are you doing?" John 7 20. Listen to this. The people answered and said, "Thou hast the devil. Who goeth about to kill thee?" Remember Jesus had just said, "You're you're trying to you're going to you're trying to kill me." And Jesus answered and said unto them, "I have done one work, and you all marvel?" Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision, not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers. And ye on the Sabbath day, circumcise a man. So what Jesus is saying here is Moses commanded that a that a a a boy child is born and then eight days later you circumcise him. If that eight days later falls on the Sabbath, then circumcision is more important than honoring the Sabbath. So you circumcise that child on the Sabbath. It's okay. You don't wait. If a man on the Sabbath day receives circumcision that the law of Moses should not be broken, are you angry at me? Because I have made a man every wit whole on the Sabbath day. I healed him on the Sabbath. And why are you angry at me? You circumcised a baby on the Sabbath and you're mad at me because I healed someone. Listen to this. Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. English Standard Version says, "Do not judge by appearances, but judge with right judgment." NIV says, "Stop judging by mere appearances, but instead judge correctly." I hear so many people saying, "Oh, you can't judge me." Well, Jesus said, "I can't. Yeah, right. Brother Manny just said, "By their fruits, but I can judge." And we do judge. We don't condemn someone. Not with condemnation do we judge. He just says here, "Don't look at somebody and try to judge them by their appearance." Commandment from Jesus. It's in red in your Bible. Don't judge by appearance. Adam's zebra story. We think that we're safe if we all look alike. If we all just look like the rest of the herd. But sometimes God requires us to look different and to act different. And God requires us to judge according to the spirit and that we judge righteously. And when you do, get ready to be sprayed with air. Get ready to be attacked with lions. and they will because you might just come out of the hurt and that's what Nicodemus is doing. It was coming out very slowly. He's coming out. Let's skip to verse 31. And many of the pe people believed on him and said, "When Christ cometh, he will do more mir when Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?" Proof of Jesus success was in what he had done. You got to see, you have to ask yourself, as I said, question, is your doctrine bearing fruit? Are you seeing results? Are you just walking around the herd and looking like everybody else? You're sitting at the bottom of the of the ladder looking at the banana. Nicodemus must have been considering all of these things and he must have looked at himself and sometimes as I said sometimes we change quickly and sometimes we change slowly. Nicodemus was slowly changing and Jesus said stop judging by appearances but instead judge correctly. Are you seeing a closer walk with the Lord in your life by what you're doing regardless of how the outside looks? And the Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him. And the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. Skip to verse 45. Then came the officers to the chief priests and the Pharisees, and they said unto them, Why have you not brought him? And the officers answered, "Never a man spake like this man." Then answered them the Pharisees, "Are you also deceived?" Spray them with air. Scort them with water. "Are you also deceived?" They accused them. "Oh, you're coming out. You think you're something special, huh? Adam, you got a spot on your side that's making you not fit in with the rest of the zebras." Never a man spake like this man. And then the Pharisees answered, "Are you also deceived? Have any of the rulers or of the of the Pharisees believed on him? But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed." New Living Translation of those last three scriptures says this, "Have you been led astray too?" The one that said that nobody speaks like this. Have you been led astray too? The Pharisees mocked. Is there a single one of us rulers or Pharisees who believes in him? These foolish crowds follow him, but they are ignorant of the law. God's curse is on them is what they said. But there was a monkey in the troop that was considering that banana that was considering that food, that was considering that eternal life, that was considering what Jesus had told him by night, maybe a year or two earlier, Nicodemus saith unto them, he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them, one of the Pharisees, does our law judge any man before it hear him, and know what he doeth. This is just the start. Nicodemus is breaking the ranks. He's walking away. He's questioning. That spirit hates when someone questions. It hates it. But Nicodemus is saying, "Ah, wait a minute. Wait a minute." And they answered and said unto him, "Art thou also of Galilee? Search and look, for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet. Galile's up north. They're saying that the prophet was supposed to come, the Messiah is supposed to come out of Bethlehem. Bethlehem's right next to Jerusalem. But Jesus came from Nazareth. They didn't know that he was born in Bethlehem. And every man went to his own house. So Nicodemus, he made a little stand right there. He went a little bit deeper into the pool. It may not have seemed like much, but it was something. Don't always need to jump in with both feet. Sometimes it's better just to go slow. Make sure you're right. The disciples, as I said, the disciples, Matthew, he just jumped in with both feet. But Nicodemus waited in slowly. We want to see changes. We want to see changes in our children's lives. We want to be see changes in our lives and our loved ones and that and our loved ones. And that happens sometimes, but other times it happened like Nicodemus. He just went slow. The worship team can come and we'll close. And then we see Nicodemus showing up later on. The last time we see him, I read there's an apocryphal apocryphal book, one that's not considered inspired that's called the Gospel of Nicodemus. And then there's other histories that I read about Nicodemus. And the best that I could tell, Nicodemus was excommunicated from the Sanhedrin Council and kicked out as a priest and was thrown out because of his stand for Jesus. Now listen to this. This is after Jesus was crucified. We don't know that for sure. It's not in the Bible, but this is the last that we see of this man. And watch the stand that he makes. He's like, "All of you all, you can be afraid of getting sprayed by air, but I'm going to do it." And after this, Joseph of Arythea, who was also a priest, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate, that he might take away the body of Jesus. And Pilate gave him leave. And he came thereof and took the body of Jesus. And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrr and allows about a 100 pound weight. Brother Aaron, if you could come and also help with the with our closing um music. Nicodemus loved this man Jesus. He brought all of this expensive inbalming material and did his best. And you can tell that this man, he was willing. He was willing to come out of the herd. Now, in the place where and then I'll go back to verse 40. Then they took the body of Jesus and wound it with linen clothes and with spices as the manner of the Jews is to bury. Now when the place Now in the place where he was crucified, there was a garden and in the garden a new suppler, a new grave, wherein was never a man yet laid. There laid they Jesus. These two priests, two Pharisees. This one Pharisee came by night and Jesus told him said that God so loved you that he gave his only begotten son so that you might have eternal life Nicodemus. And here is that man that came to Jesus by night and this other Pharisee. There they laid Jesus. Therefore, because the Jew because of the Jews preparation day for the supplr was not at hand. Joseph of Arythea, I believe, is the one that gave the grave to Jesus. Nicodemus is the one that brought the spices and laid this greatest man that has ever walked the earth to rest. G Nicodemus sat across from him and he got that one onone with Jesus and he was willing to come out of the herd and give his life to this man. [Music] We don't know for sure where Nicodemus ended up. We don't know for sure what happened to him. As I said, I read the history and he was kicked out because he made that stand. But what whatever happened to him, I think the proof is in the Bible that this man gave his heart to Jesus Christ. came out of the herd, went up the ladder, got the got the food, and I wonder how many people gave their hearts to the Lord because of Nicodemus's testimony, that Pharisee. And how come it's so much harder for a minister, for a priest to give their hearts to the Lord as it was to Mary Magdalene and Mary of Bethany and and Matthew and Peter and James and John. But there are still godly ministers, godly priests who gave their heart and made a stand for Jesus Christ. And I believe Nicodemus was one of them. Amen. Brother Heath, I'm going to meet him one day. Shake his hand and say, "Thanks, bro. What a testimony you had." Let's all stand. Come by here, Lord. Brother Aaron, could you help us with that? &gt;&gt; Come by here, my lord. Come by here. [Music] Come by here, Lord. Come by here. Come by here. Here my Lord come by here. Oh Lord come by here. Someone's praying Lord come by here. Amen. Oh yes, someone's praying home. Come by here. [Music] Someone's praying. Oh, [Music] come by here. Oh Lord, come by here. Someone's praying. Oh, come by here. Someone's praying. Lord, come by. Someone's praying. Lord, [Music] come by here. Oh Lord, come by here. Brothers and sisters, we all have an opportunity and we have an opportunity this morning to stand before a resurrected Jesus Christ to renew our vows to him and say, "Lord, I'll leave my herd. Lord, I'll leave everything that's ever meant anything to me. If you require it, just Lord, let me be in your will and in your word and in your thoughts and in your love. Lord, just let me be. The most wonderful thing about this is so few people could come to Jesus back at that time. He was just one man. So few people could get to him. But now anyone who has a desire can come to Jesus Christ, can give their lives to him. But he requires a total commitment. He requires a total surrender. He sets the bar very high, friends. He wants it all. He wants your addictions. He wants your religion. He wants everything about you that you hold dear. He wants it. Will you give it to him? Will you just say, "Lord, I surrender it all. I just want to give it to you." Will you do it? Brother, can we sing that one more time? Come by here. &gt;&gt; Come by here, Lord. Come by here. Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here. My Lord, come by here. [Music] Oh Lord, come by. Let's bow our heads. [Music] Friends, in the name of Jesus Christ, if you would like to dedicate your life to him, you have the ability to do it right now. If you want a change in your life, if you are willing to be that zebra, if you're willing to be that monkey, if you are willing to be that wretch that gives his or her life to the Lord and says, "Lord, I will do whatever you want me to do. I lay down my religion. I lay down my life. I lay down my addiction." If you want to do that, just raise your hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Raise your hand. Say, "Lord, I surrender to you. Oh, holy and righteous God. Lord, you can look down upon this congregation and Father, see those hands that were raised. And Lord, I pray that you would honor everyone. And Father, it might take us leaving the herd. It might take us, Father, laying something down that that we hold dear to us or making a commitment. But Lord, we pray that you would give us strength and protect us from the lions that would attack, Father, your cherished sons and daughters. Thank you for those words that Jesus spoke to Nicodemus. For God so loved the world. And Lord, we're talking to the same one that Jesus was talking about that you so loved the world that you gave your only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him, Father, that we would not perish, Lord, that that that we would receive eternal life. Lord, we're grateful for that conversation that Jesus had, probably the most famous conversation ever had in the history of this world was between this priest who had a desire for a change in his life. Lord, I commit myself to you and commit all those that raise their hands to you in Jesus name. We love you. Amen.
