################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Christ's Prayer for Unity and the Lord's Prayer Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-31
Title:    Christ's Prayer for Unity and the Lord's Prayer: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtP6l-MXFUM
========================================

Description:
Sunday, August 31, 2025 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans answers a question about why there are divisions between churches and then ministers on The Lord's Prayer. John 17, Matthew 6, Luke 11.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, and he answered me and delivered me [Music] from every fear. [Music] Those look on him are radians. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my enemies. And the son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he [Music] who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. [Music] He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. And let us bless the Lord every day and night, everending praise. May our hints rise and let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise and let us bless the Lord every day and night. everending praise. May our incident rights. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me [Music] and come exalt his name together. [Applause] Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? It's going to be a great Sunday. Amen. Come on, Sunday school. You can go ahead and be dismissed. Um let's stand this morning. We're going to sing How Great Is Our God because He truly is great. He's the reason we're here. The splend of the king. Oh, clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. The darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. And trembles at his voice. Let's sing that one more time. The splender of the king is Lord [Music] clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. [Music] He wraps himself in light. Oh, the darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. And trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see. How great. Oh, how great is our God. [Music] And age to age he stays. Time is in his hands. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. The godhead. Three in one. The father, spirit, son, the lion and the lamb, the lion and the lamb. Oh, sing it this morning. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great and how great is our God for he's the name and he's the name above all names and he is he's worthy of All praise and our hearts will sing. How great is our God. He's the name. For he's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. And our heart will sing. How great is our God. How great and how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. in all we'll see. How great and how great is our God. How great and how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great and how great is our God. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus and over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus [Music] and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus your name cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. to every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus cuz your name cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, shout Jesus this morning. And shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family I speak the holy name. Jesus. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Cuz your name is Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like the fire. Amen. He's awesome this morning. [Music] If the brothers could come for the praying requests and offerings. Um if we could stand this morning. [Music] And there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] And there is power in the name of Jesus [Music] to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain. to break every chain. [Music] Power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. And there's an army rising. Oh, and there's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. &gt;&gt; Love the Lord this morning. Glad to be in the house of the Lord. He loves us and he's glad we are here and he's here. Amen. Where two or three are gathered in his name, he'll be in our midst. Amen. Just a couple reminders and announcements. There is no service tonight and there's also no service Wednesday night. And then also at the end of service after everyone's done praying and musicians is closed, we're going to uh be clearing the chairs here in the main sanctuary. Brother Ed's organizing that. So if you brothers want to get with him after service to help him with that, that would be appreciated. We have a few praises, some prayer requests turned in this morning. Let's just go to the praises first. Sister Rachel Ghetta wants to just thank us for praying for Sister Meline Geta last Sunday. She went through her procedure just fine with no pain. Praise God. Amen. She asks that we continue to pray for her as she has one has a second part of the procedure this coming Thursday. So, let's just continue to keep her in prayer that the Lord would help her and strengthen her. Amen. Brother Ed and Sister Kathy have a few prayer requests. A couple um they first asked for uh their sister-in-law, Sister Susan Lepicart wants to thank everyone for our prayers. She's feeling better, but she still needs a touch from the Lord for a complete recovery. God bless you. And also from Brother Ed and sister Kathy Dooall, our daughter Ruth would like to thank everyone for praying for her. Her surgery went well. She is at home recovering. Thank you for praying for her full recovery. Amen. Then some requests here. Sister Sarah Codner requests prayer for her daughter Shana. For the last couple of months, she's been having stomach problems. Doctors are doing tests slowly but haven't found the cause. Still having more tests. God bless you. Sister Ameilia writes, "I have an unspoken prayer request, an urgent unspoken prayer request before the Lord. Please help me pray for this need. Thank you." Also, I talked to sister Sarah Zam Brunan. She when she came in, her dad's still in therapy. Be there another few weeks, it sounds like. And so, let's just continue to remember brother John in prayer and the family strengthen strengthened them all. Sister Kathleen, it's good to see you and the girls in service today. So, just remember them all. It's been a trying ordeal. The Lord is faithful. Amen. Brother Bobby Wartz. Uh we had some communications with him this week and Sister Barbara King and he's just started radiation and treatment and chemotherapy pills. So far he hasn't had any nauseousness from the pills and so they're just thankful for that. But it's obviously a lot of trying times for them and the strength is weak and so forth. So let's just remember him in prayer and his brother, brother Michael Wartz. It sounds like it's going better there, but they I'm sure would to covet our prayers. Continued prayers. Amen. You all have a need this morning. Want to make known with an uplifted hand and unspoken need. Let's just go before the Lord this morning. Lord, we know you're a great big God. You're our heavenly father. You dwell in heaven, Lord. You dwell in our hearts. You dwell in our midst, Lord. And you're able to take care of every one of our needs, Lord. You have the abundance and the riches of heaven and earth, Lord, at your disposal, Lord. The power and strength that we can't even understand, Lord. And you can take care of every need, Lord. You can satisfy every hunger, every thirst, Lord. You can take away the the wrong hungers and the wrong thirsts in our hearts, Lord, and replace them with good ones, Lord. We ask that your Holy Spirit would just come and dwell in our midst, Lord. Dwell in our lives, Lord. You would just help us, Lord. forgive us of our sins and our iniquities, Lord Jesus. We ask for these prayer requests, Lord, that you would just go to each one, each need, Lord. Touch each person, each individual, each family, Lord, spoken, Lord. Each hand that's been raised, Lord, would you just go and help each one, Lord? Thank you for your blessings in our lives. We thank you for the praises this morning. We just want to be sure to give you all the honor and the glory and praise for all that you've done for us, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. And we ask that you would bless this offering and the tithes that would be given, Lord, that it' be used for your glory and your honor, Lord. We would do all things pleasing and acceptable to you, Lord. Be with the service this morning. Continue to be with our worship and praise, Lord, and our glory. Glory to you, Lord. Be with brother Daniel as he prepares, Lord, and prepare our hearts and our minds to hear from you, Lord. Jesus, help us this morning and be with us. We ask these things in your name, our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; You may be seated. I hear those chains falling. [Music] I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling down. I hear those chains falling down. I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling down. Cuz he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] [Music] They say these chains will never break. [Music] They don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. We've heard [Music] the tide will never change. [Music] They haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. So much power in your name. [Music] Move the unbeloveable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see your miracle. God we believe. [Music] God, we believe forever. We know that hope is never lost. Oh, cuz there is still an empty grave. God, we believe no matter what, there is power in your name. So much power in your name. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible will see your miracle. God we believe God we believe forever. You are the way when there seems to be a way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. You are the way when there seems to be the way. We trust in you, God. You have that final say. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable God we believe. God, we believe forever from the impossible. We'll see your miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. Move the unmoveable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God we believe. God we believe for it. You said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. You said it. So I believe it. You said it. It is done. You said it. So I believe it. You said it. So it is done. [Music] You said it. So I believe it. You said it. So it is done. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. [Music] God we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see. God we believe. God we believe forever. Do you believe this morning? Amen. Can we stand to our feet? A thousand generations falling down in worship will sing the song of ages to the lamb. And all who've gone before us. And all who will believe will sing the song of ages to the lamb. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions, your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, [Music] all creation cries, holy. You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever. [Music] And if you've been forgiven, and if you've been redeemed, oh, sing the song forever to the lamb. And if you walk in freedom, it's if you bear his name. Oh, sing the song forever to the lamb. And we'll sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy. [Music] You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. Hear your people. Hear your people sing. Holy to the King of Kings. Holy. [Music] You will always be holy, holy forever your name. And your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions and powers and positions. Your name stands above you in all your name. In your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions and powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, [Music] all creation cries, holy. [Music] You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever." &gt;&gt; One more time on that verse. One more time. Yes. &gt;&gt; And the angels cry, &gt;&gt; "Holy [Music] creation cries, holy." You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever. Lord God Almighty, Lord, to think the angels cry holy as they Lord fly around your throne. They cover their face and their feet in humility, crying holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Father, to think that that same almighty God that created the heavens and the earth, that great eternal being would look down upon this congregation this morning and hear our prayers and receive our worship. We love you, God. Thank you for this opportunity. We pray Lord that your hand would be upon service and Lord that everyone would leave this building this morning. Everyone would leave like they did on the way the road to Emmas and they would say did not our hearts burn within us as he talked with us by the way. Father may the same be this morning. May the spirit speak something to each of us. I pray that they would bless us and bring us through. Lord, we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Friends, do you appreciate our worship team? &gt;&gt; Oh, we are not worthy of the gifts that God has given us. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. First, thank everybody for their patience in our construction. We uh the these walls are going to get dry stacked stone and and we're going to finish the outside walls here, but we're moving forward. The carpet's going to go in if the Lord's willing starting tomorrow. So, that's why all the chairs um have been moved from the north wing there. And then we're going to move after service, we'll move all of these chairs over there. So, we're moving. We're moving in in the right direction. Uh, somebody left a carpet right here. I did. This is the carpet. That's that's going to go on the floor. I didn't mean to leave it there, but I did. Uh, you know, I think the Lord I think he likes the way he way he made us. I really do. I think he's I think he's proud of us and I think we all have things to overcome and with our church and moving forward. I think that um it's going to be really nice. I don't think we'll ever finish. We'll always be constantly doing something. But I think it's going to be really really nice when when we get done. Uh, welcome to our visitors, Russell and Linda Lee. I met you before service back there with the Rory. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have you. I think the world of that kid. It's good to have you, Alex. Who is this with you? &gt;&gt; Josh. Joshua. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you, Joshua. Welcome. God bless you. You're always welcome to come. We appreciate bless you. If I miss any other visitors, I want to tell you we appreciate you coming and worshiping with us this morning. I uh like I said, I think the Lord, he makes us in certain ways. And we all think that, wow, I wish that I could do this better. I wish I was better at that. Or I I constantly keep making this mistake over and over. But I want to stand back for a minute and look. I think he's pleased with the way he made us each. I think he gave us each weaknesses &gt;&gt; and those weaknesses God can take those weaknesses and turn them around and be a glory to him. So I think that we we get down at our on ourselves sometimes but and you have weaknesses and you should overcome these weaknesses but remember God made you that way. Somebody asked, we were with the kids last night in the upper room and uh one of the youth asked,"Well, why do why did God allow sin to come in the world? Why didn't he just make it perfect?" That's a question that wow so many people have asked, especially when they're wondering, "Should I serve God or not? Is this God real? Why would he make people sin and do really awful things all the way back to the Garden of Eden?" Cain killed his brother Abel, one of the very first people that had ever lived. God allowed sin there. And you can see why someone who might be a a new Christian or or wondering about God and how he does things. Why would he allow this? Why would he allow sin? Why would he allow suffering? So many people suffer. We all suffer. Why does God allow it? And they so the kids asked that last night and the answer is there. I asked I asked some of the youth around and some of them came up with some very good answers and I think they were all right. One of the answers was well it builds character in us this suffering. It does very very good answer. It does it builds it builds character and and it just it helps us all the way. But the answer is one of the main reason that he allowed sin in the world is because he was God and God has attributes. God is a father. The father created the heavens and the earth. He was the beginning of it. But God is also a savior. So to be a savior, you have to have something to save. and you would have nothing to save if there wasn't failure in the world. So God allowed each of us to have weaknesses and he allowed Adam and Eve to have weaknesses. He allowed every person to have a weakness. And when they don't follow God and they act on those weaknesses, like we shouldn't do, but when we do, then God the Savior steps in. and he takes care of it and we just lay it at his feet. And I do believe I believe he makes us with these these weaknesses. And I know I feel like the Bible says, "Confess your faults one to another." And it's like, "Okay, here comes pastor. He's going to tell us another thing that he did wrong." And I do. I I have weaknesses. And yesterday we uh one of the kids at the youth uh gathering that we had last night, one of the kids asked a question. And the question was that some friends were asking questions about maybe why she dresses a certain way or why she um her hair is done a certain way. And she asked why do different denominations why do they believe different things and why she didn't say this but why is there conflict between different churches and different ways of thinking and my answer was I just went back to Jesus's time and I I described the different denominations that were in Jesus's time there were the Pharisees which were the common people they believed in prophets they believed in the resurrection and there was a Sadducees and they only believed in Moses. They were very legalistic. They only believed in temple worship. And then someone mentioned the Zealots. The Zealots were they believed that the Romans should be overthrown and the Messiah would be a great m great military leader. And then basically I said that they all had different perspectives in the Bible and on the Bible and God can use these different perspectives for his own good. While some may be good at at speaking to this group, well, they might not be good at speaking to that group and then that group um might be good to speaking at this group and and then God makes a way for everybody really to come in. So, I I gave that explanation and I'm very careful with the kids. I I don't want them to get the wrong idea about things. I want them to live moral lives. I want them to come to church. I want them to fellowship with each other. I don't want to get let them get caught up in different divisional doctrines and that and I I I simply answer their questions very simply and I try to just bring them back to the Bible. Well, I was driving home last night and I felt the Lord was maybe speaking to me. And all of us have that where you feel like the Lord's telling you something. all of us, we should we should have that voice that there's something that he's just talking to you and you listen and and I felt like he was telling me you didn't answer the question. And I said, I know. And then I felt like he said, well, what are you going to do about it? And then I said, "Well, confess on Sunday morning and tell everybody." And I I think it God maybe used my weakness and maybe not in in just being very careful. And I think God wanted me to address that in front of the whole congregation this morning. And I think it's more appropriate to do it in in front of the congregation. As I said, I'm very careful with the kids. I I just want to be very very easy with them and just point them to the Lord Jesus. Point them to their parents because and I tell them all the time, your parents love you more than anyone else in this world. So always stick with mom and dad because they will stick with you. So the question, why do we have so many denominations today and and why are there so many different doctrines? And I will add to that question. Why do these doctrines separate us so much? And why do we believe so differently? And we all claim to be Christians. The Sadducees, let's go back to Jesus's time. The Sadducees had a doctrine that separated them from everyone else. They believed that the temple was the headquarters and anything any worship outside of the temple was sub subpar. It was below standard to them. That they were the elite. They were the chosen of God. They didn't believe in angels. They didn't believe in the supernatural. They believed that Moses, the prophet, was the absolute and the true mouthpiece of God. And none of the other prophets were up to that standard. This is what the Sadducees believe. They did not believe in a resurrection. There were no miracles. There were no healings. They believed only the first five books of the Bible written by Moses. They believed that those were the only ones that were truly inspired by God. and they were open to working with Rome, their occupiers, and making deals with the Roman Empire. That was a that was a Sadducees. The Pharisees, they had doctrines that separated them from everyone else. They believed in the prophets. They believed in the resurrection. They believed in miracles. They believed in the temple worship. But they also had synagogues throughout Israel and and other places in the world. They believed in angels. They believed in the observance of over 600 commandments in the Bible. They believed interpreting interpreting the law in a contemporary way, adapting the law to modern issues. They did not agree for the most part with the Sadducees making deals with the Roman Empire. And this all was less than these Pharisees. They were they were the elites. They were better than the other ones. So they were the elite and chosen of God because of their doctrines. And then I believe it was Josiah mentioned the Zealots. And there was one of Jesus's disciples that was a Zealot. No, Simon. They did not believe that the Roman Empire should have any part in Jewish life. They believed that just the presence of the Roman Empire was in violation of their God-given rights to their land. Their deep commitments to the Torah, to Moses's writing, justified their violent ways in their violent opposition to Rome, their occupiers. The Pharisees and the Sadducees, they were elite over the Pharisees and the Sadducees because of those doctrines. They were the elite and the chosen of God. So, they all have one thing in common. They all have a couple things in common. They all have Moses in common. And they all think that they are better than everybody else. These are all Jews. These are all people that believe the same. So each one of these three three groups, they separated themselves because of certain doctrines. As I said, they believed all they all believe the same prophet. And we think as we look back on the Pharisees and the Sadducees and the Herodians and the Zealots and and them, we think that they're all wrong. But I asked the congregation today and as I'm ministering this morning, if you lived in the times of Jesus, you would have probably been part of one of these groups. And I ask you, would you have had the doctrines that put you at the top of the list saying that this is the most important thing that I believe and I would have separated you or you would have separated yourself from the other Jews. All right. So, put yourself in these positions as I'm talking about this. Where would you have been? Would you have had doctrines that separated yourself from other believers and put those doctrines up to the top and made those doctrines more important than the other ones, just like they did. And times change, friends. Times change, but spirits don't change and people don't change. So, the same things going on today would be the same things that were going on back then. I want to continue on our prayer series. And as I'm reading from this prayer from Jesus that I'm about to read from, I want you to ask yourself what Jesus thought was important when he's praying. And if and do your doctrines line up with what he thought was important and what doctrine was what doctrine was most important to these Pharisees and Sadducees to separate them from Jesus? And do you have doctrines? Do I have doctrines? Do any of us have doctrines that are so important that we would want to separate ourselves from Jesus Christ today and still say we believe Moses? Still say we believe Jesus. I want you to put yourself in this position as we go through Christ's really final prayer for the church. What doctrine do we have that separates us from other Christians? When Jesus said that there will be one fold and one shepherd, what doctrine do we have to separate us from that fold or to say that we are the only fold? When Jesus prays that his disciples would be one, what doctrine do we have that encourages us to separate from the other believers in Christ? And would your doctrine would it justify going against this prayer of Jesus Christ and do the same that the Pharisees and Sadducees did? As we're going through this prayer, as always, put yourself in the Bible. Where would you have stood? So the question is why do we have so many different beliefs and still call ourselves Christians? And it's a that's something I want everyone to consider this morning. And I'll go a little farther and I'll say that if we separate ourselves on the same lines that the Pharisees did, and there's there's many ways to separate ourselves. baptism, clothing, political views, claiming leaders, Martin Luther, John Wesley, Willie um William William Brandom, Billy Graham, Sunday worship versus Saturday worship, different Bible translations is a big one. I've heard different people outside of our church say that our church is right because we use the King James Bible and not knowing anything about what we teach or anything about the doctrines that this pastor teaches, but just because you use the King James Bible, you must be right. It's so easy. And they're here this morning. Think about it yourself. All of us. I'm just presenting the question and you make your own decision on your own personal beliefs and then you make the decision on if you would be one that fights against this prayer that I'm about to read or if it or if you would support it today. We've been going on for the visitors. We've been going this on this series of of uh on the subject of prayer. And I say it every time. It's the most important thing that a man or a woman can do is pray. And here is Jesus's really his final prayer for the church. This is the same night that he had the last supper. This is the same night that he was stolen away and taken to be crucified. This is the same night that he was with his disciples and he was praying for for them. This is the same night that he was betrayed by Judas. This is the end of his mortal life. The last night that Jesus Christ is on the earth. And this is a this is the big prayer. And as I read it, ask yourself if the doctrines that separate you from other Christians line up with Jesus Christ. We all call ourselves Christians. John chapter 17. We'll read the whole prayer. John chapter 17 says this. These words spake Jesus and lifted up his eyes to heaven and said, "Father, the hour is come. glorify thy son that thy son also may glorify thee as thou hast given him power over all flesh that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. So he's not separating anybody right here except those who give their lives to Christ and those who don't. Verse number three. And this is life eternal, that they might know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. I love that part. I I just I love that part. This is one of my favorite verses in the whole Bible. Remember, Jesus last name is not Christ. Christ is a title. It's a Greek word for for the Hebrew word Messiah. And this is the only place that I know of that Jesus called himself Jesus Christ. The entire Bible from Genesis to Revelation is really it's about this one man about this man Jesus. Again, from Genesis all the way to the end of Revelation, it is about one man &gt;&gt; and that man is God. And you know what? That man's whole life was about me. was about you. &gt;&gt; That whole Bible is about one man and his life was about me. &gt;&gt; Let that soak in. He gave his life for us. He did everything for us. And the whole Bible, everything about the word is about Jesus Christ. And yet he lived his life for me and he gave his life for me. &gt;&gt; I have glorified thee on earth. I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. Jesus is praying here. Again, remember this is it. This is the final prayer for the church. I have glorified thee on earth. I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. And now, f oh father, glorify thou me with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world. Thine they were, and thou gavest them me, and they have kept thy word. He's talking about his disciples. Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee. For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me and they have received them and they have known and have known surely that I came out from thee and they have believed that thou didest send me. So the first part of this whole prayer is that Jesus saves us from our sins and these disciples believe Jesus and that Jesus should be glorified. Nothing else. Remember this is it. This is the exclamation point at the end. of his ministry. It's all about Jesus. And where there are division, divisive doctrines that separate, where are these in his prayer? Where are all these little doctrines that divide the churches, that divide the denominations? They are not present. At least they're not present yet in this prayer. And we'll keep going. I pray for them. I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me. For they are thine, and all are mine, and and all mine are thine, and thine are mine, and I am glorified in them. I am glorified in them. Who's glorified in them? Jesus Christ is glorified in his disciples. Have you seen any justification yet for any division? It gets stronger. So does Jesus's very disciples. All those that take on the name Christian, Jesus is glorified in their lives. So how many people I told a story last week about a woman that was going to going to a church back east and she said, "I love the things that Jesus says. I I love his doctrines. I I love I love all of all of everything about Jesus, but I would be a Christian. if it wasn't for the Christians and how the Christians act. And I think that we glorify Jesus Christ. Someone should look at us and want to be like us. &gt;&gt; Never feel like they have been mistreated by us but have been loved by us. And there should be that draw of the Holy Spirit that that people want to be a Christian because of the Christians. &gt;&gt; They shouldn't not want to be a Christian because of the Christians. They should want to be a Christian because of the way a Christian acts. &gt;&gt; And Jesus here is saying, he's like, they glorify me. I am glorified in them. And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, keep through thine own name those who thou hast given me, and may they be one as we are one. &gt;&gt; So who's Jesus? Who's he praying for here? He's praying that they may be one as as the as the father and the son are one. And who is he talking about? He's talking about the church. He's talking about Christians. Is there anywhere yet that we can justify separating ourselves in Jesus's prayer? That they may be one as we are one. Who's he talking about? Is he talking about the Pharisees? Is he talking about the s Sadducees? He's talking about those that follow him. While I was yet with them, while I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those who thou those who those that thou gavest me, I have kept. And none of them is lost, but the son of predition, that the scripture might be fulfilled. So which Christian is lost? Only the son of destruction, and that's Judas, the one that betrayed Jesus for something else. And now come I to the unto thee to thee. And these things I speak in the world that they might have my glory fulfilled in themselves. My joy, I'm sorry. That they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. He's praying that a Christian life would bring us joy. And it does bring us joy. &gt;&gt; It doesn't bring us hardships. It doesn't it doesn't bring us these heavy burdens. We put our burdens on him. But instead, so many people who call themselves Christians, call themselves believers are miserable because they think that it's their they think that their separation, their doctrines are more important, their core doctrines, and they take themselves and they bring themselves outside of Christ and it makes them miserable. It makes them miserable because they're thinking about all the bad things, all the problems. And it's just it it makes a miserable person. And Jesus is here is saying, "Listen, if you truly accept me, you're going to have joy. Your life is going to get better. &gt;&gt; Your life is going to be filled with this spirit. Where there's divisions, he doesn't want us to have those. At least so far in his prayer, we don't see any divisions. Where are the doctrines that that try to separate us in this prayer? They're not there. He's saying that you need to be one and it's all about one and that's Christ. I have given them thy word and the world hath hated them because they are not of the world even as I am not of the world. And when someone preaches Christ truly Christ, then he's hated in the world. And he's especially hated in church all the way back. The religious spirit that claims to believe the Bible is the strongest spirit against Christ. The strongest spirit against God was not Mary Magdalene. was not Peter out on his boat. The strongest spirit against Christ was in the churches, &gt;&gt; was in the synagogues. Those were the ones that crucified him. Those were the ones that hated him. &gt;&gt; And it was because not of their sins. Not because one was a prostitute over here and it and and she was not because one was a a liar and a cheat over here with Matthew and he was not because of them but because of Annis and Ananas and Simon the the Pharisee. They were the ones that wanted to kill Jesus. It was the religious people. Jesus Christ did not line up with the Pharisees and Sadducees or the zealots even though all three believed the prophet Moses. I pray not that thou should takes them take them out of the world but thou should keep them from evil. They are not of the world even as I am not of the world. So the Sadducees would say the Pharisees are of the world and the Pharisees would say that the zealots are are of the world. Pharisees and the Sadducees and everybody else is all looking at each other and they're all in the world. And Jesus is like, "Hey, come out of the world." We think of the world as being drugs and alcohol and all that. And that is, but it is also that Pharisee and Sadducee spirit. It's very worldly. Sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. As thou has sent me into the world, even so I have also sent them into the world. And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall be which shall believe on me through their their word. So believe on me through their word. I believe that Jesus is praying for the Tucson tabernacle back then. And now it is manifested in people who truly believe Jesus Christ here in our church and in many other churches. And notice it says, "But for them also which shall believe on me through their word, not certain doctrines that separate outside of Christ, but believe on me." Jesus Christ is what he's saying. If I be lifted up, he said, I'll draw all men to me. And then he said another place, no one can come to the father except by me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Neither neither pray I for these alone, but for them which shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one. As thou, Father art in me, this is the second time. As thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, and they also may be may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. One who? that they may be one, one in Christ. And if we can just become one in Jesus Christ, then the world will believe that God sent Jesus Christ. The world will become Christians because of the oneness that Christians are with each other. Each church, if you truly have love and unity within that church, the world is going to see it. And the world's going to want to be part of that. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. I wonder, stop there for a minute. Think about your prayers. You wake up in the morning, you pray your noon time prayers, your evening prayers. Whenever you pray, think about what you pray for. And are you praying for what Jesus prayed for? &gt;&gt; Are you praying for unity in the body of Christ? &gt;&gt; Are you praying what Jesus prayed in his last prayer for the church that they would be one? Why are we not praying for that? How much would unity mean in our lives? How much unity? How much would unity mean between a husband and a wife, between a father and a son, between a daughter and her mother? How much would that unity be? It would it would change the world if we would really desire unity and love for one another and set aside these little things that separate us. If we just had that desire, if we just put that at the top of our prayer list all the time, then things would change. But instead, we're not praying for what Jesus prayed for. The book of Acts, when Peter was in prison, he was taken. They were going to execute him. The church in unity, they got together and they made prayer without ceasing for Peter. &gt;&gt; And then a angel came, brought him out, brought him home. He walked in. They were continually praying. Look what Unity did at that time. And Jesus said, "If just two of you will agree, just look at unity. If just two of you will agree when you pray, then you will receive what you ask for." Just unity between two people. Imagine if we had unity between 150 people. Imagine if we had unity with believers around the world. Again, as I asked you before, does your doctrine line up with this Jesus's prayer? And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. I in them and thou in me. That they may be made perfect in one. Whoa. May be made perfect in one. So unity brings on perfection &gt;&gt; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved them as thou hast loved me. Again, he's saying this unity is going to represent Jesus Christ to the world. Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am, that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me, for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Jesus is praying that the ones God gave him, that he would be able to spend an eternity with them. Oh righteous father, the world hath not known thee, but I have known thee. And these have known that thou hast sent me. And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it, that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them. Why is Jesus Why is Jesus's prayer here not constantly in our prayers? We forget the power of unity. I truly do not believe that Jesus would have prayed this if it were not possible to be there to happen. I believe that one day the church will come into unity. I believe that with all of my heart. And it's not this denomination or that denomination, this church or that church. It's the ones that have Christ associated with their name, Christians. Those are the ones that will come together in unity one day. Jesus Christ himself our Lord prayed for it. So the answer to the question about why different people believe different things and the reason we separate ourselves in those doctrines is because we lift those doctrines above Jesus Christ just as the Pharisees and Sadducees and the zealots and the rest of them did. We put those doctrines above this prayer of Christ. And again ask, what doctrine do I have that separates me from another Christian from another Christian church? And does that please Jesus? And one day that prayer of Jesus Christ will be answered. And I want to be part of it. Now, I have 15 minutes and I want to get into the Lord's prayer. Um, how could these things happen? How could unity truly come to pass? Really, if we would just do what the Lord prayed when he says he said, "Pray like this. If we would just do what the Lord's prayer is, then we would come into unity." Look at look at how beautiful it is. Let me let me give a background first. I asked the kids last night. I said, "There's something that most Christians recite in the Lord's Prayer that's not actually in the Bible. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name." Does anybody who Anybody know what it is? Not the kids. Let me let me read it. I I'll recite it. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us not of forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass pass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. The trespass part. Um where's Lily? Lily nailed it last night. It's debts and the trespass part to go back and I geeked out about on this a little bit over the week over the during the week and I was studying why does it say why' they change it? Why' they change it to trespass rather than debts? And it's because William Tinddale, and I I'll just do a little aside here. William Tinddale was one of the first English one of the first very good English translators of the Bible. So, he translated the Bible way back way back when and you know, they burned him at the stake for it because heaven forbid that someone get their own relationship with with Christ. Someone get their own relationship with God. Tendell suffered for his translation by being burned at the stake. But his translation came out and his translation there was not correct. He said, "Forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us." But then when the King James Bible came out in every subsequent Bible, it says debts and debtors. Forgive us of our debts as we as we forgive um our debtors. So what happened was the Church of England, let me let me read this right here. This came from classic theology website. It says this. But how did Tendale's translation get so popular? It's because it was used in the 1549 book of common prayer, which is the official book of lurggy of the church of England. And at that time, his translation was one of the most readily available editions that came from the Greek. Over time, English translations didn't follow Tendale's directions on those. But the book of common prayer kept it that way. And every service across the Church of England, that's what people said. And that is what was repeated and that's how it stuck. As this as time went on, the influence of the book of common prayer was felt in other denominations. Churches that made use of formal liturgy like um likely to say trespasses, Anglican, Methodist, Catholic, Lutheran, Eastern Orthodox, while churches that don't use the same kind of formal liturgy are more likely to say debt debts, which is Presbyterian Reformed Baptist. So if you read the Lord's prayer, forgive us of our um it very plainly says forgive us of our debts as we forgive our debtors. Now I don't think it's that important because the very next verse Jesus says he says um this in Matthew chapter 6 he says when thou prayest let's see he says for he says but if anyways he ends the prayer and then he says the very next verse he says forgive us of our trespasses that we forgive those who trespass against us. So let's get into the Lord's prayer here in just a few minutes we will we will finish the Lord's prayer and if we really pray this friends then I believe that we will come into that unity that I was talking about. Matthew chapter 6 verse 5 and when thou prayest thou should not be as the hypocrites are for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corner of the streets that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into the closet, and when thou hast shut up the door, pray to the Father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. So if you really want to make a difference in someone's life, don't let anyone know what you're doing. Go in secret. Do your arms in secret. As Jesus said, do your prayers in secret. And this whole concept of prayer is setting aside your own self-serving motives and then entering into the mind of God. You want to I don't have time but Romans chapter 8 tells us that likewise the spirit also helps our infirmities. For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the spirit itself makes intercessions for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. &gt;&gt; So we get in those quiet places and we pray. But when you pray, use not vain repetitions as the heathen do, for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be not therefore like them. For your father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask him, and after this manner, therefore pray. Okay, now we're getting into the Lord's prayer. Jesus talking to his disciples. Our father which hath art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. So first he is giving God respect. He's approaching him in a respectful way with reverence and humility. And then he's he's teaching us to approach God in this way. We're lifting up God in worship. The prayer the the prayer the the Lord's prayer opens up in worship and it closes in worship. And it says this, "Now that we have approached God in the right way, holy and reverent, give us this day our daily bread." Now we present our need to God after we have worshiped him. Lord, I have a need. I'm having trouble at my job. I'm I'm having spiritual trouble. Lord, I need a touch from you. Remember Christ's prayer for unity in the church. And that's how he taught us to pray. We pray for these things that we desperately need need and forgive us of our debts as we forgive our debtors. So you say, "Lord, I understand that my dependence on your forgiveness is dependent on me forgiving others." So when we pray that way, we're reminding ourselves, Lord, I forgive someone who has done something against me. And now, Lord, I place this into your hands. I don't require an apology. I don't require any of this. I forgive their debts. I And someone when someone does you wrong, they incur a debt to you. And if you can forgive that debt of that person, then now you are where God wants you. Lord, I forgive them for what they have done. And forgive us of our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. And lead us not into temptation. Lord, before we sin, help us avoid sin &gt;&gt; as we walk through life. Let us lead us away from the temptation of sin. Don't allow yourself to be placed in that position of sin. &gt;&gt; It doesn't say lead us not into sin. It says lead us not into temptation. If gossip is a temptation, maybe criticizing the sermon after church or talking about different people, then don't allow yourself to be placed in that situation. Don't go to lunch with the people that constantly speak negative words and draw you down. Lead us not into temptation. Don't put yourself in that spot. If you have a problem drinking, then don't walk into a situation that would teach that would tempt you to drink. &gt;&gt; If you have a weakness of inappropriate sexual desires, don't let yourself be in a position of being alone with someone of the opposite sex. Don't go into temptation. The sin is after temptation. If you have a weakness of looking at things on the internet, don't put yourself in the position of of having to overcome something. &gt;&gt; It's temptation. It's not sin. Lord, keep us away from the temptation. Don't let me go there because I might fall. &gt;&gt; Keep yourself away from the the temptation, the very appearance of evil. Stay away from it. &gt;&gt; And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. deliver us from evil. When we find ourselves now in a place that we shouldn't be, when we find ourselves in a situation where we need God to get us out, we cry, "God, God, deliver me from this evil. Get me out of this." Now Jesus closes in worship again and lead us not into tempt unto temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom. Now he's worshiping again. For Lord, yours is the kingdom and yours is the power and yours is the glory forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. The worship team can come. And then he goes right into this. And this is William Tenddale. For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you. Right into that. Right after the Lord's prayer, Jesus thought it was important enough to say, "If you forgive men their trespasses, your father will also forgive you. But if you forgive them not of their trespasses, neither will you, your father, forgive your trespasses." Luke closes his prayer in this way. The um the gospel of Luke says the Lord's prayer like this. He says, "And I say unto you," after the Lord's prayer is over, Matthew ends with Jesus saying, "For forgive them of their trespasses." Luke says this, "And I say unto you, ask and it shall be given to you." After he gives a parable, Jesus says, "Ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be open to you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be opened. So Jesus is encouraging us. Pray this Lord's prayer. You start your prayer. Our father who art in heaven. Hallowed be thy name. You start you get down on your knees or you stand with your face against the wall or what wherever you are. Lord, you are God. You are mighty. You are wonderful. Lord, I thank you that you created the heavens and the earth. I thank you that you placed me here. And Lord, I have now Lord I have this weakness. &gt;&gt; Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Now Lord, I have a need. I have a weakness or I have a need for money or I have a need for something. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive forgive us of our debts as we forgive those we forgive our debtors. We've incurred this. Lord, I I've I've done wrong and and I've had problems. Now I need you. And Lord, I forgive others. Now, Lord, I've done my part. Now I place it into your hands. Lord, help me. and lead us not into temptation. &gt;&gt; One of the keys, one of the things that we always we we just maybe read over that, Lord, don't let me fall into temptation. If walking into the grocery store and seeing maybe the alcohol there is a temptation, Lord, I want to stay away from that. If turning on the computer when I I I'm have idle time or getting on my phone when I have idle time. Lord, I I just don't I want to stay away from that temptation. Or if if your your wife says something to you or or your husband says something to you and it just it irks you, Lord, I don't I don't want to go there. I'm just going to I'm going to humble myself. And then you see that the peace of God is there. Lord, she owes me an apology. No, nobody owes anybody an apology if you're a Christian. If you're not a Christian, maybe you would think somebody owes you an apology. But if you are a Christian, according to the Lord's prayer and according to the Lord's prayer for unity, nobody owes you an apology. Because if they do, and if you want it, then you're not a Christian according to these words. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Now, Lord, I have a need. I place it into your hands. by your word, by your son, Jesus Christ, I place it into your hands. For yours is the kingdom and Lord, yours is the power and Lord, yours is the glory forever. Amen. Imagine, friends, if we prayed that prayer. Doesn't have to be those exact words, but imagine if we prayed like that. And then imagine if we prayed like Jesus did before he went to the cross. Lord, may they be one as as we are one. It wasn't all these doctrines. It wasn't all these different churches. Jesus is like, listen, all of that that's not that's not what matters. What matters is that you are one. And then if you are one and you love each other, then the whole world will see that we are Christians and they will want to be like you. But instead, people don't want to be like Christians today. shouldn't be that. They should want to be a Christian. And we should always represent ourselves as Jesus Christ. We should always represent ourselves as followers of him. If it's, as I said, if it's been to your wife or to your husband, to your daughter, to your son, to your parents, whatever it is, represent yourself as a Christian. And then just your testimony, just your actions will speak way more than all of the words in the world. They would see, I want to be like that guy. That's who I want to be like. He's a Christian. That's what a Christian is. I want to be like that. But you see over here, that's what a Christian is. I don't want it. I like Jesus, but I don't want Christianity. But there is coming a time Jesus Christ himself, God in flesh on earth prayed for unity and it's coming. Friends, do you want to be part of it? If you want to be part of it, then you handle the part that surrounds you. I'll handle the part that surrounds me. And then this will grow. It's like taking a stone and throwing it in a calm pond. and watch those ripples. They would just go and go and go and they go on forever. And if we can truly just start with our lives, start with our family, start right there. And then you watch how it spreads. That's what's going to happen. That's what's going to happen. Then Jesus Christ will return when that unity is truly there because there is power in unity. And friends, I want to be part of it so bad with all my heart. And the only unity that we can have is through Jesus Christ, our Lord, our Savior. And not from all the doctrines may be right. Not saying the doctrines are wrong. They may be right, but when they separate you, you've used them in the wrong way. I have decided to follow Jesus. Before we get on this song, told this testimony before, there was a great revival going on in Europe about 150 years ago. The revival like all of us when the joy comes in our heart, you know that Jesus prayed that the joy would be there. When when it comes in, we want to spread it to other people. We want to spread it to other places. And this revival started in Europe. And these these people had given their hearts to the Lord Jesus. And they had just such joy and such power and such love that they wanted to bring it to other countries. And this one missionary these missionaries go to India. And they start witnessing to these different heathens in India. These were not only one of this group of missionaries came not only to the heathens and the idoltors but to cannibals people that would eat, kill and eat their enemies to finally assert that power over them. Death wasn't enough. They wanted to do that just to say how much stronger I am than you. They these missionaries came and they witnessed to this place in India and there was a man named Nak Singh who heard this witness and he believed on this man Jesus Christ. He believed on these teachings. He believed these these missionaries must have set a good example. And this man believed and his family believed on this this novel concept of Christianity and Jesus Christ. And he started witnessing around his villages. And the village elders heard this. They didn't want any of this. They were warriors. They didn't want any of this peace and unity and all that stuff. That is not what they stood for. They didn't stand to reach out to other tribes. They stood to take things from other tribes, to destroy other tribes, to make it to where these other tribes wouldn't invade them. So this man, he's witnessing about this man, Jesus Christ, and about this Christianity did not line up with what they thought. So they start telling on each other and finally he gets to the village head and he brings this man before him and he says, "What is this? What are you talking about? Would you have your village die? Would you have your village defenseless in this unity that you're talking about this love of Jesus Christ? Would you want your village to perish in that when these other people would these other villages would attack us? He brought before the chief and the man said, "I have decided to follow Jesus." He says, "You're forsaking everything that you've ever learned." And he said, "The world behind me and the cross before me." He said, "No turning back." So he took this man No Singh. He took his two young boys and they set his two young boys before him and he had the archers pull their bow back and he said the village master said, "Okay, Noxine, does it mean enough to you to lose your boys? Will you recant from this nonsense?" He says, "Though none go with me, still I will follow." No turning back. They let the arrows go and killed his two sons. They brought up his wife. He said, "Nox singing, will you recant?" And he says this. He says, "My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning back." And they killed his wife. before he died, he looked at the chief and he said, "Will you decide now to follow Jesus?" No turning back. And they killed him. years later, decades later, a group of other missionaries came to the same area and Knox Singh's testimony resonated not only with the people that watched his his family die, be executed, but it resonated with the very vi village elder and the whole village gave their hearts to Jesus Christ and became Christians. And when this other group of missionaries came, they said, "Oh, we already know Jesus." And they told this story of this song that we're about to sing. I have decided to follow Jesus. It builds unity, friends, and it builds love. It is more important than any kind of little stuff that separates a husband from a wife. Any type of little stuff that separates a church from another church. It's beyond anything in the world. And it's what Jesus prayed for. Listen to this song. Let's all sing it together. I have decided [Music] to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. [Music] No turning back. &gt;&gt; Imagine that man standing there. He says, "I've decided to follow Jesus. I will not go back." decided to follow Jesus. [Music] I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. [Music] No turning back. No turning back. The world behind me, the cross before me, the world behind me, the cross before me, the world behind me, the cross before me. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; Can you say the same thing? The world behind me and the cross before me, I'm not turning back. I'm not turning back to my old worldly ways. I want a change in my life. And this change, it's it's everything to me. That world may be addiction. It may be whatever it may be. Or it may be a religious spirit. But Lord, I set that world behind me. And I set the cross before me. And no, Lord, I will not turn back. I won't turn back. Though none go with me, &gt;&gt; though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow though none go with me. Still I will follow. [Music] I won't turn back. I won't. &gt;&gt; Let's all stand. Think about this. Are you willing to be a Christian? Are you willing to say, "Though none go with me." If I have to walk this walk of Christianity alone, if I have to walk by myself, though none go with me, if my parents won't go with me, if my wife won't go with me, if my husband won't go with me, if my church won't go with me, I am willing to walk this walk of Christianity alone. I am willing to do everything I can for that love and unity that Jesus Christ prayed for. And then if you do, Jesus said to take up your cross and follow me. That cross is a heavy burden. But he said it, "My cross I'll carry. My cross I'll carry &gt;&gt; till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus my cross I'll carry [Music] till I see Jesus my cross I'll carry until I see Jesus. [Music] I won't turn back. [Music] I won't turn back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided [Music] to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters, will you lay aside? Will you lay aside those things that so easily beset us? We lay aside th those things that separate us. And when you will you truly bow and will you truly pray along with the Lord Jesus that we would be one within our families, within our friends, within our churches, within the world, that we could be one in Jesus Christ and pick up your cross and carry that cross and follow Jesus. He prayed that we would be one. And I believe that his prayer will be answered. Let's bow our heads. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. And give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us of our debts as we forgive our debtors. and lead us not into temptation, [Music] but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Lord God, I want to be a Christian. Lord, from the bottom of my heart, I want to be like that man from India who stood for you. I want to be like those disciples. Every one of them lost their life. are imprisoned. Lord, I want to be like them. I want to be able to stand for a living Jesus Christ. I want to be a I want to be able to stand for the unity of the gospel. Lord, I want to be able to stand with my brothers and sisters arm in arm who love Jesus Christ, who love you. Lord, I want to stand. Lord, give us strength to make that stand. I pray. Guide us, Father. We love you and we thank you. We ask Lord that we could be part of this great plan that you have to one day return and take away your waiting bride. Lord, may we be part of that and may we be that waiting bride when you return in Jesus name. Amen.
