################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Make an Adjustment Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   Make an Adjustment: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WLOQxdcj_o
========================================

I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the seas subsides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. for his tender mercies. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his [Music] brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Sing it one more time. My hope is in the Lord. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and never more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. We're having Sunday school this morning. Anyone in Sunday school can head to the back now. God bless our Sunday school class. Everybody ought to know who Jesus [Music] is. I'll let you keep sitting. I'll let you do it. But I want to hear you sing. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Sing that again. Everybody. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Sing it again. Everybody. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. He's the lily. Oh, he's the lily of the valley. Amen. He's the bright and morning star. Well, yes. He's the fairest of 10,000. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Tell who Jesus is. Everybody ought to tell. Oh, everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus. He's the lily of the valley. Oh, he's the lily of the valley. Oh, he's the bright and morning star. Yes, he's the fairest of 10,000. Everybody are singing it again. He's the lily of the valley. Oh, he's the lily of the [Music] valley. He's the bright and morning song. Well, he's the fairest of 10,000. and everybody I know. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Go ahead and stand up with me and shake somebody's hand and tell them who Jesus is. [Music] He's everything to [Music] He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. Well, he's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh yes. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's [Music] everything. He's everything to me. Well, he's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything, too. Sing it again. He's everything. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. Oh, he's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to one more time. Oh yes. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Praise the Lord. And when I woke this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Yes, I told Satan get thee behind. Oh, victory today is Let's sing that verse one again. When I woke, oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Come on now. I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." And I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Sing it this morning. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. It's mine. Oh, I told Satan you got to get thee behind because victory today is Let's sing verse one again. We need to sing that. When I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I cried, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Oh, victory today is happiness is mine. Oh, and happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get me behind cuz happiness today, the Holy Ghost is mine. Oh, and the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, you got to get thee behind cuz the Holy Ghost today is mine. Joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Yes, joy is mine. Joy, today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, you got to get me behind cuz joy today. Do we have peace is mine? Do we have that one? Peace is mine. Oh, peace is mine. Yes, peace is mine. peace this morning is mine. Cuz I told Satan, you got to get me behind cuz peace today is mine. Victory is mine. One more time with all your heart. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, "Got to get me behind. Victory today is mine." Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Praise God. Praise God. On that note, we'll have the brothers come forward to open in prayer. Brother Ed Dooall is going to open in prayer this morning. If you have any needs this morning, the Lord sees all of them. And just as we go to prayer, let's let's change the atmosphere a little bit. Oh, the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. [Music] Oh, the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Is that the truth this morning? With all life's frustrations, I need you. I know I do. Cuz the only real peace cuz the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Brother Ed, if you'd come forward, whatever need you have this morning. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Yes. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. With all life's frustrations, I need you. I know I do. [Music] Cuz the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Isn't that the truth? When you know the Lord and you know who's in control, you can rest. Start off with some praises. Um, first I'd like to thank everyone for keeping me and my dad in prayer. This week we went up to Seattle area to see uh Lori. She's doing better. It was good for both of them to to be able to talk and see each other. Um, she's still in a critical situation, but everything that happens is a miracle. And we're even the medical staff is acknowledging that she's a miracle, a living miracle. So we want to thank the Lord for that. Sister Amelia wants to thank the Lord for answering her prayers once again. She's a lot better. Also, her daughter will be living with uh with her as uh she lives alone. She's hoping for a two-bedroom room soon. So, let's um thank the Lord for answering prayer. Sister Rachel Gara has turned in a request. Please remember Sister Jacqueline in prayer. She was in a car accident. She's not hurt, but her car was totaled. The driver of the other car was taken to the hospital with neck pain. Brother Jonathan Gonzalez, I ask please pray for my friend Ricardo Noriega. His sister Marita Noriega committed suicide and his cousin Jesse Gonzalez passed away yesterday by an overdose. Also pray for him as well that God continues to grant me peace and comfort. Brother Dan, our pastor, brother Daniel Evans, has turned in a request. And this request is something that's already been done in the Bible. Solomon asked the Lord for wisdom. And God gave him wisdom. He didn't ask for anything else but wisdom so that he could judge God's people. This request is from Judge Daniel Danielle Longford from the Puma County Juvenile Court. She's asking us here at Tucson Tabernacle to pray that God will grant her wisdom in judging these very important cases. So, let's remember that in prayer. Do you have something with your that you'd like to make known with an uplifted hand before the Lord? Our gracious heavenly father, you've you've already seen these requests, Lord. We want to commit them into your hands once once again, Lord, knowing that Lord, you you've heard them. You knew that they'd be written out this morning, knew exactly what the need was. So, Father, we want to ask you through your grace and your mercy, would you extend your hand upon each request, each one that was written out, each hand that was raised? Heavenly Father, would you just minister onto the need? Lord, for comfort from those that have lost a loved one. Lord, it's hard to lose someone that you love and or know and ask, Lord, that you'd comfort the family. Lord, this request of young man going to the hospital with neck pain, we'd ask Lord that you touch him, Lord. Lord, I want to thank you for what you've done for my sister, for the testimony that's been shown already, Father. And Lord, there are many needs here. You're so mindful of each of your children, Lord, and the needs and the things that they go through and the request and we commit them into your hands, Lord. this judge that's asking for wisdom. Lord, what better thing to ask for, Lord, besides salvation, but wisdom. So, Father, we'd ask that you'd gr grant the wisdom to to this judge. Would you be with the remainder of this service, the remainder of the songs, would you receive honor and glory from him, Lord? Would you bless our pastor as he breaks forth the words of [Music] life? Move him out of the way, Lord, and anoint our hearts and our ears to hear and to receive. We thank you, Lord, for meeting us this morning, for blessing us with your presence. Now, Lord, if there's anything in in here that would hinder the moving of your spirit, would you just take it away? Yes. Lord, let set our spirit free that we can worship [Music] you. And Lord, would you bless the offering that's about to be taken? Bless those that give that it might be used for the furtherance of your glory. And we thank you for answering our prayers in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] You can be seated this morning. Oh, what a [Music] savior. Verse one. Once I was straying in sin dark valley no hope within could I [Music] see they search through heaven [Music] heaven and found a [Music] savior to save a poor lost soul like [Music] mine. Oh, what a say pure. Oh [Music] hallelujah. His heart was broken on Calary. His hands were dead scor. His side was [Music] ris for even me. Verse two, he left the father with all his riches. is with calmness, sweet and siring, came down from heaven. came down from heaven and gave his life's blood to make the [Music] viol sinner clean. Oh, what a savior. Oh [Music] hallelujah. His heart was [Music] broken on Calary. His hands were nail scarred. His side was r. He gave his life's blood for even me. Death's chilly waters. Death's chilly waters. Cuz one of these days I'll soon be crossing but his hand will lead me safe for I'll join that [Music] chorus in that great city. Hallelujah. And sing up there forever more. Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. His heart was broken. [Music] on Calary. His hands were nail his hands were nail scored. His side was ri. He gave his life's blood for Would you stand with me and let's sing that second [Music] verse. He left the father with all his riches. with calmness sweet and serene. Came from glory, came down from heaven and gave his life's blood. Oh, to make the vilest sin clean. Hallelujah. Oh, what a savior. Oh, hallelu. His heart was [Music] broken on Calary. His hands were nail scored. His side was raven. He gave his life's blood for even me. Amen. Praise God. Let's open up service this morning in our Bibles. Let's turn to the book of 2 Corinthians, chapter 5. [Music] 2 Corinthians chapter 5 verse number 17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Most translations say he is a new creation. Older things are passed away. Behold, all things are become new. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, what an encouraging scripture. Lord, I pray that that this scripture would manifest itself in in our lives. That Lord, we would put put away the old person and all things would become new in our savior Jesus Christ. For you have the victory, oh God. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I'm going to have brother Josiah sing that song. I I I was I was clapping and I was feeling good when he was singing victory is mine. So, let's let's sing it one more time if you could. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to hit thee behind. Victory today is mine. Oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees, said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up singing, shouting, "Victory." Woo! Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, "Got to get thee behind. Victory today is mine." Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Praise God. It's mine through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. Praise God. Thank you for the wisdom back in the sound booth for turning my voice down a little bit while we were singing. God bless you all. It's It's good to be here this morning. I feel good. I feel um I feel like the sermon today is is along the lines of what the Lord wants this morning and I'm just I'm grateful to be here. First, I want to greet our visitors. I didn't get a list of visitors, but welcome. God bless you all. If I if I don't know you, welcome. We're honored to have you. And uh please I want to meet you. If I haven't met you, I want to meet you after service. So, please hang around a little bit for the the pastor to come back and at least say hello. Um, you're always welcome. You're you're um when we bring a little bit of fire from over here and we bring a little bit of fire from over there and then we have our fire here in the church, it just gets to be a bigger fire. And that's that's what we want. Our uh our brother Lyall Johnson is been going through the um the life of King David. And brother Lyle always has, it seems like he always has a date, an important date that when we come and you say, "Well, this is this is the Passover, the original Passover. This is this feast or this is that feast." And and today is a uh today is a notable date. It's the unofficial, I think, unsanctioned Star Wars day. Today is May 4th and then that's I guess what they they call the Star Wars day and and it goes to say May the Fourth be with you. Oh man, that was bad. For those streaming in, I got absolutely no response. It was dead. It It was quiet. But tough crowd. God bless God bless you. I I put in that prayer request uh for this judge. We were at the adoption ceremony for um uh young uh Michaela and the the judge was really taken back by how many people we had there for brother Jeremy, sister Angela. They're now their second child that they've adopted. The judge was um she was very happy. And afterwards, we we were all greeting each other and and taking pictures and everything after the official ceremony. And uh as as the people were trickling out of the courtroom, I walked over to the judge and I said um I said, "I just want to tell you thank you for for what you've done." And uh she said she said, "You can tell these kids are loved." And she said, "All of you hugging the kids." And she says, "You have such a supportive community." And she said, "I I wish every case was like this." And I said, "Oh, yeah." I said, "It's I said, "We all treat those kids like they're our own." I said, "I'm the pastor of of this group." And she uh she stood up and she said, "Come here." and the bench is up higher. So I walked over to uh to the bench and and she shook my hand and she said um she says, "I have a request." She said, "Would you and your church pray for me?" She said, "Pray that I have wisdom to judge." She said, "These things that I'm judging are very, very important. They affect people's lives and and their futures." And she said, "They're dependent on my on my judgment." And she teared up. And then I kind of started to tear up and and she said, "Would you just pray for me?" And I said, "Yeah." I said, "I'll have our church pray for you." So that was the prayer request that I put in earlier. Uh it it was it was a really sweet experience. It's um it was a good example for us to set with all these people in there and all the love and all the happiness. Most juvenile court cases, they're not like that. They're they're very difficult. And it was nice to represent um represent the Lord, represent this church. I um I wanted to minister this morning on making an adjustment in your life. And I got the inspiration. And I was talking to my cousin uh who lives in Jeffersonville. He's he's from Tucson. His name's Austin Smith and Austin is like 69 or 610. And he was a just a gifted gifted athlete. Played college basketball at Liberty College. And he was uh his roommate was I believe it was Seth Curry who is the brother to Steph Curry. has anybody heard that name before? One of the greatest basketball players ever lived. He's he's playing now. And um and so he he knew them well. and they were shooting around and Austin was a like I said he's a very gifted athlete and he would shoot and he'd always hit the front of the rim in his jump shot and he kept shooting and every single time it would hit the front of the rim and bounce out. So pretty soon Steph Curry goes to Austin. He says, "Hey," he says, he says, "Either you can keep hitting the front of the rim for the rest of your career." He says, "Or you can make an adjustment to your jump shot." And he tells Austin, he says, "Just do this." He says, "When you shoot now, start shooting at the back of the rim instead of shooting in the center." So Austin made he uh he made an adjustment and he started sinking his jump shot. But he had to if he wouldn't have made a change, he had to get a little bit out of his comfort zone. If he wouldn't have made a change, he wouldn't have improved and his team wouldn't have benefited from his his new jump shot. And he did. And he he started he started doing better. So my point in saying that and what I got from what Austin said and he was telling me this in this context. He was we were talking about the church and we were talking about just our faith and he said he told me he said Daniel he says sometime we need to make an adjustment if we're if we keep and I said this if we keep doing what we're doing we're going to keep getting what we got. Daniel and I, that was on my heart. And then Daniel, my son, and I, we went fishing last week. And uh we were doing, well, Daniel was doing good. And I had my favorite lure. It's about a four or five inch Rapala minnow. Um, hard plastic uh top water bait that I've caught. I caught my biggest bass I've ever caught. Over seven pounds on that on that lure. And I I just really like that lure. And I was fishing with it and I wasn't catching nothing, man. And then Daniel, he ties on a worm. And that kid was slaying them. And he's like, "Dad, you know, you should you should tie in on a worm." And I was like, "No, son. I'm going to stick with my Rapala minnow." And I kept fishing and and I kept not catching. And Daniel kept fishing and he kept catching. And if you show that first picture, we get back and this isn't even all of them. This is this is Daniel's first string. And look at those small mouth on the left there. Big old bass. And we get back and and Daniel's feeling really good. And I'm feeling I'm proud of my son. I'm feeling good, but not about my performance. Next slide. It wasn't so great. We get back and I'd been preaching to my son all morning about making an adjustment in your life. And man, I like that Rapol though. Kept fishing with it and and nothing was happening with that thing. So then I made an adjustment and I tied on a uh a rubber jig to jig across the bottom. And then my fortune changed here. Get past that slide, please. There we go. And then Yeah. And then it started. But that was because I made an adjustment. And if I would have stayed with that Roloto, I might have caught Okay, we can put the the fish down. Well, maybe not for a while. No, I'm just kidding. But I I had to make an adjustment. I had to make a change in my life. And that's how it is with us, friends, as Christians. If things aren't going the way that they should be going or if you're not seeing the results that you should be seeing, we need to make an adjustment in our lives. And I can preach a sermon and you can go home and you can say, "Boy, that sermon really condemned me. boy that, you know, I I never thought of it like that or I never never read the Bible like that. But if it doesn't produce a change in your life, then it's no good. Then nothing happened. Then I I was just shooting at the back of the rim or I was just pulling in that that crankbait that wasn't working. But if it actually produces a change, then it's a success. The Bible says Jesus said, he said, "Make disciples of all nations." And if we're not doing that, how are we doing what this Bible says to do? If we're not reaching out and we're not winning souls, and those souls may not be your neighbors, those souls may not be people on the street. Those souls may be our children. May and may be our our friends. And if we look at our children and we see how they have gone maybe into sin and sometimes we may want to look at ourselves and say Lord what have I done wrong? What did I do wrong in this? And you may not have done anything wrong, but we should still examine ourselves and say, "What? Lord, if I've done something wrong, change me." No matter how old you are, your kids may be 50 years old or they may be six years old, but Lord, change me that I can now help them. Let me make an adjustment in in my life so I can help them. The biggest adjustment I ever made in my life was on September 11th, 2006. A very simple thing. This adjustment was more than me getting baptized. This adjudgment, this judgment was more than me becoming pastor here. This judgment or this uh this adjustment was more than anything that I had ever done in my life. And what I did on that day, on that morning, September 11th, 2006, is I woke up 30 minutes earlier than I usually do. And I devoted that time to Jesus Christ. I devoted that time to reading my Bible. And it was more friends. It was more than even giving my heart to the Lord. It was more than my day, the day of my baptism. It was more than any other day. That adjustment I made that day was 30 minutes. And 30 minutes quickly turned into an hour. It was studying my Bible every day of my life. Praying. And then that affected every single thing that I did in life. Was that one adjustment? My fish. the fish started biting. You know, the jump start, the jump shot started sinking. And in today, I want to talk about a couple people that made a major adjustment in their life and they benefited from it. We know the kings and we know that the first king, brother Lio and I have been going back and forth with King Saul and King David. Those are the first two kings of Israel. King Saul was the first king. David followed him. David's son was named Solomon. And this is a united Israel with 12 tribes. Solomon or David's son Solomon. When he died, the kingdom went to Solomon's son. And then from that time on, the kingdom split. there there started to be fighting. There wasn't good leadership there. It split into what was called Israel to the north, 10 tribes up there in the north and then Judah, two tribes in the south made up of Judah and Benjamin. So now we see these two separate countries. We have Judah in the south. We have um Israel in the north. The capital of Judah was a famous city we all know of Jerusalem. The capital of Israel was Samaria in the north. There after Solomon and when the kingdom split into two different kingdoms, there was never a good king that ever came out of the northern the northern kingdom of Israel. So whenever you see a king in the Bible that that served the Lord, it was never from Israel. There were a few, most of them didn't, but there were a few from Judah that did serve the Lord. One of the greatest of those was this man named Hezekiah. Hezekiah, he was a man that prayed. He was a man that loved the Lord. He was a man that when the idols would start to pop up in Judah, uh, Hezekiah tore them down. Hezekiah built great infrastructure in Jerusalem. He was a good king and a and a king that loved the Lord. Hezekiah had a son. And this son did not serve God. This son, this son's name was Manasseh. Manasseh did things that were not pleasing to God. Let me read and I'm going to read the paraphrase version of this. The uh I'm going to read the New Living Translation. It's not the New Living Translation isn't a necessarily a study Bible, one that that you can go in and just go down to the brass tax, but it it paraphrases it gives you the general idea of what's going on. It says this, Manasseh even made a carved image of Ashira and set up uh not not that not that uh I'm in I'm in second Kings. Uh Manasseh even made a card image of Ashira and set up the temple. The very place where the Lord had told David, his son David and his son Solomon, "My name will be honored forever in this temple and in Jerusalem, the city I have chosen from among the all the tribes of Israel. The Israelites will be careful to if if the Israelites will be careful to obey my commandments, all the laws of my servant that my servant Moses gave them, I will not send them into exile from this land that ga that I gave their ancestors." But the people refused to listen and Manasseh led them to do even more evil than the pagan nations that the Lord had destroyed when the people of Israel entered the land. Then the Lord said through his servants, the prophets, King Manasseh of Judah has done many detestable things. He is even more wicked than the Amorites who lived in this land before Israel. He caused the people of Judah to sin with his idols. So this is what the Lord Lord the God of Israel says. I will bring such disaster on Jerusalem and Judah that the ears of those who hear about it will tingle with horror. I will judge Jerusalem by the same standard I used for Samaria and the same measure I used for the family of Ahab. I will wipe away the people of Jerusalem as one wipes a dish and turns it upside down. Then I will reject even the remnant of my own people who are left and I will hand them over as plunder for their enemies. For they have done great evil in my sight and have angered me ever since their ancestors came out of Egypt. Now, we have a background on this King Hezekiah and we have a background on his son Manasseh. This guy did bad stuff. He did not stay with the word of God that Moses had brought to them. He He sinned. He set up idols before the people. Now, let's turn in our Bibles to 2 Chronicles chapter 33 verse 9. So Manasseh. Yes. So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to heir and to do worse than the heathen whom the Lord had destroyed before the before the children of Israel. And the Lord spake to Manasseh and to his people, but they would not hearken. How'd the Lord speak to the people? He spoke. He speaks from the pulpit in church. He speaks through prophets. He speaks through parents. He speaks through just reading his word. God has different ways to speak to us, but the people would not listen. Manasseh should have known the instructions that I just read to David and to Solomon. And if the Israelites will be careful to obey my commandments, all the laws my servant Moses gave them, I will not send them into exile from from this land that I gave to their ancestors. But Manasseh didn't heed to those that warning. He really Manasseh probably didn't actually know the biblical teachings. He didn't know his Bible. And how do I know this? because later on we're going to find out through a king that came down uh two generations later that the people weren't reading their Bibles. When you stop reading your Bible, friends, when you stop going to church, when you stop hearing the word, all of those things, that is when you let your spiritual guard down and you open yourself up to the influences of the devil. and you don't know you're doing it. This word, this book is a guide. This book is a protection and we need to stay in it. And if we don't, it's amazing what we'll allow into our lives and really without even knowing it. And Manasseh, he let these things slip. The word of God, as David said in the Psalms, the word of God is a lamp unto our feet. It lights our path. And if we don't have that light, we're going to be wandering around in darkness. It's like it's like the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church started out right, but they got off of of the original vision of the apostles and they started lifting up godly men, Peter and James and John and even even Mary and Mary Magdalene. And it wasn't long before they started putting these images of these people up in their pullpits and they started having their relics in in their churches. And you think, well, that's we would never do something like that. You think that the people throughout his history didn't think that they wouldn't be doing the same thing? And then if you say that this is wrong, if someone would argue say, 'N no, you shouldn't pe put relics and you shouldn't put images of of men of God up on your pulpits or in your churches or or these relics. They'll say, "Oh, well, you disrespect these people." No, you're not disrespecting these people as as as the Catholic Church might teach. you are respecting them in that they were pointing to one thing and that was this cross and that was Jesus Christ who died on the cross. But when you lift something up, put it in your churches and you put this book away, you never know where you're going to end up. And then finally, one day you're going to sit back and say, "Whoa." Hopefully, you're going to say, "Wait a minute. I have gone a long way down this road and look at what's happened. Manasseh and all the people of Judah, they stopped, as I said, they stopped going to church. They stopped reading their Bibles, but they didn't stop worshiping. It's human. It's in a human being to worship. You're going to worship something. And if you take the Bible out of your life, then you're still going to you're going to replace it with something, right? And it could be music. It could be other worldly things or it could be some sort of a religion that has got off the path. And that's what happened to this man, Manasseh. He was very sincere, this king, very sincere in his in his um in his religion. And I'm going to prove that here in a minute, probably more sincere than anyone here. And the Lord spake to Manasseh. Read verse 10 again. And the Lord spake to Manasseh and to his people, but they would not listen. Now, here's so much. I'm a believer. I have Jesus in my heart. I'm a Christian. I I I love the Lord. And these these people that we're talking about here who Manasseh was over, they were Jews. They were God's chosen people. In fact, they were from the lineage of Judah who the very Messiah would come from. These people were God's chosen people. And yet they strayed. And Manasseh was so sincere in his religion. This king, he was so believed it so much that he sacrificed his son in the fire. You think, "Oh, he was just some id idolattor, crazy idol worshipper." He was a man. He was a man that that probably loved his children just like we love our children. And he believed in what he was doing so much that he took his son and killed him to a false god. That's how much Manasseh believed. So just because you are strong or I am strong in our beliefs that does not mean that we are right. It he was sincere and just because you are sincere you can be sincerely wrong. Wow in what you believe. Most people I have met friends and and I say this I say this because it's true. Most people I've met, they value their own opinion more than they value the Bible. And they will agree with the Bible as long as the Bible agrees with them. Come on, brother. What they should be saying is, "Who cares what I think?" If this Bible says it, then I believe it and I'm going to do my best to apply it to my life and not try to ch change the Bible to match our doctrines. change our doctrines to match the book. Come on, brother. That's what we should do. We come out of a philosophy, the Catholic like like say the you come out of the Catholic Church, you come out of that philosophy that only maybe the Catholics are the chosen people of God. Others maybe they can enter into the kingdom, but the Catholic Church has a higher understanding. The Catholic people are the elect of God. The Catholic Church is the one true bride of Christ. I'm not just picking on the Catholic Church. They're just an easy target. So, so the the the Catholic Church is everything. They're they're that that great church that's going to inherit all things. And then you come out of that way of thinking like Martin Martin Luther did. He said no. He said that these medi these priests are not mediators between God and man. You can go straight to God. You don't have to go through a priest or a prophet. You don't have to do these things. And and you see that these these these priests instill fear in the people so that they can control them. And Martin Luther stood against that, right? And he he just he said, "No, you don't have to do this." And then one or two generations after Martin Luther, they were right back into the same thing to where you could almost see no separation between the Lutheran and the Catholics, maybe with communion or maybe with with a few other doctrines. He saw Martin Luther saw how the church had done things wrong and he he made an adjustment and it was successful. But if you don't keep making those adjustments, the next generation, it falls right back into it. And with Manasseh, that's what happened. Manasseh was so sincere as he sacrificed his own sons, yet he allowed sex and prostitution in the church. Yeah. He put up images on the walls, put relics out around the church in in different places so the people could see them and yet sincere. He wasn't reading his Bible. He didn't know that these things are were wrong. But then God had mercy on Manasseh. Yeah. It's the strangest thing. All that the Bible says about him and all the bad. Yet God, there was something in this man, something in this sinner king that God had mercy on. As bad as he was, by the mercy of God, Manasseh was taken prisoner by an invading army. Pulled him out of his comfort, put him in chains, put a hook in his nose, and Manasseh had some time to think about, to reflect. Am I right in what am I what I'm doing? Am I right in all of these things that that I have allowed as king that I have supported? Paul said, "Let a man examine himself." And then if we really examine ourselves, if we step back with the book open and we examine ourselves, we might say, "Brother Jonathan, look what I've become. Look at what Manasseh did. I'm not that far from that. It could be anything. Anything that you put before God. Sometimes you you might look at yourself and you might look at the gospels and you say, "Well, I have become a Pharisee. Where's my burden for the lost? I have become that. I I I look at and I say that that I might be that Pharisee or Sadducee that has no love for anyone else. I'm lifting myself up. I become that religion, that religious person like the Pharisees that is just trying to prove my religion to is right and not willing to surrender. But Manasseh is about to make that decision. Let's go to verse 11. Or for the Lord brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with feathers, and carried him to Babylon. And when he was in affliction, he besought the Lord his God. And he humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers. He said, "Look what I have become, but today I am making a change in my life. There are many things in our lives that we know are wrong. And Manasseh saw that and he said,"Lord, I'm going to change this and prayed unto him the Lord." And he was intreated of him and heard his supplication and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the Lord he was God. New Living Translation of that last verse says, "And when he prayed, the Lord listened to him and was moved by his request." So the Lord brought Manasseh back to Jerusalem and to his kingdom. Then Manasseh finally realized that the Lord alone is God. What a wonderful feeling that must have been. All those years of sin and finally Manasseh was liberated from his sin. He made an adjustment. But it took with Manasseh, it took a shaking in his life. Everything had to fall apart. And many of us have been there where we might we might go into financial problems or or we might lose our family or there might be death or there might be a sickness that comes comes upon us and we find ourselves in Manasses position and we say, "Okay, Lord, I surrender. Lord, I give everything to you. Lord, just show me what is right." We let the Bible go when things are going well. We let prayer go and we become something we never expected. But God who is rich in mercy is there for us and he's waiting with open arms ready to give us the Bible says joy unspeakable and full of glory. And when Manasseh changed the whole the not only Manasseh changed but the whole kingdom changed. Go to verse 15. And he took away the strange gods. Manasseh did he took away the strange gods and the idol out of the house of the Lord and all the altars that he had built in the mount because the house of the Lord be because in the mount of the house of the Lord and in Jerusalem and he cast them out of the city and repaired the altar of the Lord and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings and commanded Judah to serve the Lord God of Israel. Praise God. He made an adjustment in his life and it took a hardship for him to do it. When Austin, he made that adjustment with his jump shot and he started sinking his baskets. Not only was it good for Austin, but it was good for his whole team, right? And it's the same thing with with this Manasseh, it was good for the kingdom. When the leader made an adjustment in his life, it's good for our families. Yeah. When we make an adjustment, it's good for it's good for our church. Amen. When we make an adjustment, it's good for our country when the leaders make an adjustment. Amen. It's good when we turn to God and turn away from sin. Nevertheless, the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto the Lord their God only. Let's go to verse number 21. Now, Manasseh died. He had a he had a nice long um reign. And then his son took over and there was no repentance in his son. And Am and Ammon was two and 20 years old when he began to reign. And he reigned two years in Jerusalem. But he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord, as did Manasseh his father. For Ammon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and he served them, and he humbled not himself before the Lord, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself. That was the first step for Manasseh. That was the most important part was saying, you know what? I'm wrong. I've come to a place in my life. I shouldn't be here. But Ammon, he didn't have that humility. But Ammon trespassed more and more. And his servants conspired against him and slew him in his own house. But the people of the land slew all them that conspired against King Ammon. And the people of the land made Josiah his son, king in hisstead. Josiah was one of the greatest kings in Judah. And in fact, as you go down through the progression, there's three more kings after Josiah until they go into exile. And Josiah was the last good one in Judah. He um there was a prophecy about Josiah. A prophet came in to the church and he gives this prophecy and he names Josiah by name and he said this king is going to make things right. Let's let's turn there. Let's read that prophecy says this in first kings chapter 13 verse one. And behold there came a man out of God a man of God out of Judah by the word of the Lord unto Bethl and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense. And he cried against the altar in the wood in the word of the Lord and said, "Oh altar, altar, thus sayeth the Lord, behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name, and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee." That was like 350 years before Josiah finally came. And then here comes this young man. He's eight years old. His dad was a sinner. His grandfather Manasseh. His dad Ammon was a sinner. His grandfather Manasseh was a sinner. His greatgrandfather Hezekiah was a good man. But something had lacked in the generations. And what was lacking was the Bible. And that is why they strayed. Friends, never think that you can't be deceived. Never think that you can't go wrong. If you let this Bible slip in your life, you open yourself up to the enemy. It may be a religious spirit. It may be a worldly spirit. Whatever it might be, you're disarmed when you're not in the word all the time. 2 Chronicles chapter 34. Let's read about Josiah. Let's finish with him. Josiah was 8 years old when he began to reign. And he reigned in Jerusalem one and 30 years. And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord and walked in the ways of David his father and declined neither to the right hand nor to the left hand. English Standard Version says he did not turn aside to the right hand or to the left. Josiah kept his focus on God even as a young man for the eighth for in the eighth year of his reign while he was yet young. So he's 16 years old. When he was yet young he began to seek after the God of David his father. And in the 12th year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places and the groves and the carved images and the molten images. So he saw listen all this stuff that you have all these relics this is wrong. and he gave his heart to the Lord at 16. And it's a perfect example of how that even that our young people 16 this is the usually the age when they start going to the high school parties when they start dating the wrong kind of person when they start drinking and when they start doing those things that's usually about when it starts and that's when Josiah that's when his walk with the Lord that was the time that he gave his heart to the Lord is that hard time in a teenager's life and Josiah dedicates himself to God and he starts and he's king. So, he starts taking down these idols and taking down these images. Manasseh had repented and turned things around, but his next generation Ammon fell right back into it. Now Josiah takes over and he sees that these things are wrong. And what's amazing is Josiah saw it without a Bible. He just knew that spirit there was something saying you're wrong. And they break down the altars of Balum in his presence in Josiah's presence. And in the and the images that were h on high above them and he cut down and the gro and the groves and the carved images and the molten images he break into pieces and he made dust of them and he stroed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed under them. So Josiah does the same thing that Hezekiah had done generations before and the same thing that Manasseh had done after his repentance. And then he as he was getting older and he was getting more capable in his leadership, he sees the condition of the church and he says, you know, he says, we got to make some changes here. This is the house of God. And he says that we've let it go. We've let it we've let it get get dilapidated. We need to start fixing this church up. and he's he's set his mind and he talks with he talks with the brothers that were in the church and he says he says let's let's take the money that we have and let's invest it into the temple and start making these changes so we can have that the Lord can have a nice place that we can have a nice place to worship God skip to verse eight now in the 18th year so he starts renovating he starts fixing everything now watch how God honors honors it. Now in the 18th year of his reign, when he had purged the land and the house, he sent Schaffan the son of Aeliah and Maya the governor of the city and Joah the son of Jehoaz Joaz the recorder to repair the house of the Lord his God. And they had gotten as they were fixing things, fixing the structures and and cleaning things out, they one of the workers found something that hadn't been used in generations. They found the Bible. Amen. They bring it. They bring the scrolls to to Josiah. And I wonder as they're they're cleaning everything out and and they bring this Bible to Josiah, I wonder if you might have opened to Exodus or Deuteronomy and read, "Thou shalt make no graven images." Thou shalt make no images. Something like this. I am the Lord your God who rescued you from the land of Egypt, the place of your slavery. You must not have any other god but me. Ten Commandments. You must not make for yourself an idol or any of any kind or any image of anything in heavens or in earth or on earth or the sea. You must not bow down to them or worship them. For I, the Lord your God, am a jealous God who will not tolerate your affection for any other gods. I lay the sin of the parents upon the children, and the entire family is affected. Even the children in the third and fourth generations who reject me, but I lavish unfailing love for thousands of generations on those who love me and obey my commandments. Amen. Can you imagine if that was what he opened to and he read when they gave him that? And then he looked around and he said, "Where have we gone? Look at how far that we have failed. Look at how far we've gone in this." And he asked, he says, "Now go and inquire of the Lord." And there was a prophetist named Huda. And she prophesies that that because you have humbled yourself, because you have done this, God will not bring judgment upon you or upon your time, he will wait until afterwards. His wrath was stayed because Josiah believed the word of God. Something so simple as the Bible. And yet they worshiped all of those times. God in flesh commanded us, "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to obey and observe all that I have commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even until the end of the age." He commanded us. Jesus Christ commanded us to do that. How often do we open the Bible and say, "Lord, I'm falling short. I'm not I'm not doing this." The same as Josiah, the same as Manasseh. Lord, we've done all of this. We have images of people up on our pulpits and we forget about and our focus is on that and we by doing that, whether it's the Book of Mormon, whether it's the Jehovah Witness Watchtower, whatever it is, we lift other things up over the book. And it's so easy to do. And then there's got to be a time when we sit back and say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I've gone too far. Maybe I've put, as I call it, the little square idol, endless scrolling. Maybe I've put that in front of my walk with the Lord. Maybe I put watching TV, watching movies, and wasting all of this time. Maybe I've put all of that in in front of God. And then I go to bed at night and I and I might lay there and say, "You know what? I didn't read my Bible today. I didn't pray today. I'll do it tomorrow." And then same thing happens tomorrow. And you lay in bed and you say, "Ah, I didn't do it again." And then again, and then again. And pretty soon, years have gone by. Pretty soon, decades have gone by. And then you might sit back one day in your chair like Manasseh did and say, "Whoa, Lord, I have so failed. I have I've done so wrong here." If we are a child of God, let's skip to verse 30. And the king And the king went up to the house of the Lord and all the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem and the priests and the Levites and all the people great and small. And he had read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the Lord. Something, isn't it strange? They never read the Bible in church. It's easy to do. You might read a scripture here and a scripture there. Scriptures that just line up maybe with your doctrine and then throw the rest out. Replace it with something else. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the priests and the Levites and all that were great and small. And he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the Lord. And the king stood in his place and made a covenant before the Lord to walk after the Lord and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all his heart and with all his soul to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book. And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it. I like that. To stand to it. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers. And Josiah took away all the abominations out of out of all the countries that pertain to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve even to serve the Lord their God. In all his days they departed not from following the Lord, the God of their fathers. The uh the worship team can come in closing. Let me read that again. This is friends. Let's all strive for this. Let's strive for this in our families. Let's strive for this in the church. Listen to this. And all his days they departed not from following the Lord. I want to be that stability. I know you want to be that stability. And all the days that we are here, they departed not from following the Lord, the God of God of their fathers. And it was because Josiah found the book and he started reading it and his heart was right. The others had left. They still worshiped and they were still just as sincere. Manasseh, how could you sacrifice your son? He was a man. He loved his son, but he did it because he thought that that was right. And we might sit back in our in our days and allow things in our lives. Friends, the Bible is very very clear on certain things. It should be the absolute in our lives. Not making a excuse to why it's not there. Living right morally, you know, not sleeping around outside of wedlock. Not sinning and lying and gossiping about each other. Live according to the word. And when you read it in the book, apply it to your lives. Don't try to make an excuse why you don't need to do it. Change your ideas and make your doctrines match the book. Amen. Amen. The great people of old did that. Brother Josiah. Good. Josiah said, "Give us a little bit more time." One of the things that this Bible tells us that if we want to make a change in our lives, if we want to take an an take our lives and make an adjustment, stop hitting the back of the rim with our jump shot, stop not catching fish, stop sinning, stop doing these things. If we want to make an adjustment in our lives, the Bible says very very plainly in Acts chapter 2. Peter they they came to Peter. He had just received the Holy Spirit. Things were were powerful. Then we sing that song victory is mine. That old Pentecostal song. And Peter and these disciples had received that victory at the day of Pentecost. And he said they they came to Peter. They said now we want this. We want you have we want what you have. Our hearts were cut in what you were saying when you were talking about this Jesus Christ. We want to change in our lives. And they said, "Peter, how do we do it?" And Peter said, "Repent. Every one of you repent. What does that mean?" Repent doesn't just mean feel bad. Repent means make an adjustment. Make a change. Go. You were going this way. Now repent. Now turn and start going the other way. Repent every one of you. Number one. Number two. And be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Acts. Put up Acts chapter 2 verse 38 if you would. Repent. Every one of you. He didn't just say well the ones that are really sincere. He didn't just say well the ones that this fits their doctrine. He said, "Every one of you repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." And then then you can receive this gift of the Holy Spirit, the same gift that Peter had and that the disciples had. For this promise is unto you and to your children, and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. Baptize. Be baptized. If you want to make a change in your life, this morning would be a good time to make that change. To say, "Lord, from this day on, I'm making an adjustment in my life. I'm making a change in my life." How many do we have to be baptized this morning? I know we have one. We have one. We have two. It's a good time to do it every day whenever you feel that pull. And brother, it's the word. It's the Bible. Is this brother Manny? Is this the one that you were talking about? Brother, what's your name? Jose. I've met you before. Brother Jose got a hold of the Bible. Am I right? Five years ago. He started reading the book. That was the change. As I said, the biggest change in my life. September 11, 2006, I made a commitment. I'm going to read this book and I'm going to read it every day of my life. I had read it my whole life, but now this is my time. I am going to do it. And it carried on. And it changed my life more than anything else I've ever done. Brother Jose, is the same for you? Amen, brother. It was the same for Josiah. Josiah got a hold of that book and he says, "Look at these pictures on the wall and look at all these relics and look at all this stuff. Wipe it all out. Change it. Look at my life. I'm drinking. I'm smoking. I'm doing all these things. I'm changing it all. I'm making an adjustment right now. And then let's catch some fish. Brother Josiah. Oh, I asked let me let me let me introduce this song. Brother Josiah told me last night. He said, "I have a song that Katie and I want to sing for you." And he said um he said we just basically he wanted you to just show it to me, right? Why don't you just sing it for me? And I said, "Well, well, what is it?" And he says, "Well, let us let us sing it for you right now." And it was exactly the theme of this sermon that I preached this morning. And I said, "Can you sing it tomorrow?" And he said, "No. But by the grace of God, brother Josiah, he wasn't ready, he said. But he's [Music] ready. How did we get away out here? So far from home, the path of least resistance always travels down. Used to be on the mountaintops where the eagle swar, but now it seems we can hardly keep our children [Music] anymore. Used to be so fresh and new. The first love was divine. I was the empty vessel. You were the filling [Music] wine. It's like a faded memory. Dream I can't recall. But every now and then I hear a distant urgent call. Where do we find him? Right where you left him. And how do we get back the way you came? How do we love him? The way he loves you with a brilliant burning flame. Remember now from whence you've fallen the works you did at first. There's a sal waiting for your eyes and a water for your thirst. Come out of her, my precious bride. Be spotless and be pure. The God of Elijah is [Music] here. I'm coming home. I've been a fool, a prodal, and blind. Took a while to realize I had left you far [Music] behind. Your holiness could not endure my selfish worldly ride. Your word could not be bent to fit my sinful, foolish pride. And now I found him right where I left him. And now I've come back the way I came. And now I love him the way he loves me. With a brilliant burning flame. Oh, I'm so glad I found him. Right where I left him. I'm so glad I've come back. the way I came. And now I love him. The way he loves me with a brillion burning a brillion burning a brillion burning flame. [Music] Keep keep the microphone. Brother Josiah, brother Josiah told me the story. His dad wrote that song. Could you I want you to say it. The story behind that song and what it's become now. My dad uh grew up in Pentecost going to camps where um people would tell him uh you got to speak in tongues to get the Holy Ghost. Say once you do that, it means you're good. You got it. And they would even say you just you can just make stuff up until it until it happens and then you have the Holy Ghost. So that that's how he grew up. My dad over time studied the Bible um and learned it for what it is. And uh when he came across Brother Brandham and found biblical truths that had been missing and saw them in the Bible, he wrote that song. And I did I didn't do a good representation of that song. My dad can play it much better. But the song's actually called Pentecost. And the first line is, "How do we get way out here? How do we get so far from from the the original thing?" And then uh as time went on, he said, "You know, really, we can sing this in our circles as well." Amen. Said, "Well, what's what what what's the purpose in all this?" And and when we get out here so far away, Brother Brandham said, "Where do you find him?" Right where you left him. How do you get back? The way you came. Amen. How do you love him? The way he loved you. Amen. With a brilliant burning flame. So that's the the short story of that song. Amen. So say I it's easy to get off and it's easy to stray. And it is my ministry to bring us to this book. Make this book the only absolute in our lives. This book should be our lives. God preserved this book for us through all the ages. He preserved it for us to read today and to apply to our lives. And I ask everyone, let's get back to it like Josiah did like Manasseh did at the end. Let's get back to this book. Brother, if you'd go and and uh and sister, if you'd go and and meet the the deacons in the back. Sure. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us [Music] humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. We bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Oh, give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of J, we bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, does not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our [Music] souls. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that sees, seeks your face. Oh God of [Music] Jacob. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. [Music] In Jesus name we press on. Dear Lord, with a prize clear before our eyes, we find the strength to press on. Amen. Feel good, my friend. Why don't you stand right here? Brother, could you give me the testimony that you just gave? Five years ago, I gave up drinking, doing drugs. I met Manny five years ago and he told me he was bringing in a sword. I really thought he was bringing the sword, but he gave me a Bible. And today I want to make an adjustment. Amen. And yes, you My name is Jose Navaro. encouraged persuaded by anyone else. This is a step that is command that the apostles both Peter and Paul said for us to repent to be baptized in the name of the Lord and that is what you're doing here today in front of all of these people you have a tremendous testimony and in front of all of these people you're being baptized not into this church by any means you are being baptized into the body of Jes Jesus Jesus Christ for the washing away of your s. [Applause] God bless you. Amen. My brother, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of mercy. Praise God. Praise God. The baptism, this has been going on for 2,000 years. And the spirit is the same in this room today as it was at the day of Pentecost when Peter baptized those who wanted to be baptized. It's the Holy Spirit and it doesn't change. Sister Rebecca, sister, God bless you. If you come and stand right here. You feel good? Oh, yes. Yeah. I have to I have to admit, I didn't expect this. Oh, it's it's been coming a long time. Um, I'm getting I noticed that my shield of life is, you know, with God's been getting weaker and so and I'm letting craziness of work get involved. The craziness of the world and I was like, I know better. I know better. I need to change tomorrow. I need to change tomorrow. I'll start tomorrow like diets. And it wasn't happening because I would keep pushing it off. And then a couple days ago in my head there was a song that says I want to live the way he wants me to and I haven't. And so I was like you know I got to and then you put that on Facebook not Facebook on the WhatsApp and I was like you know what let's make it today. Let's do it today. Let's make that change today. And so I was like yes this is going to be the day I got to change uh my habits in life. And so it's like you know don't start tomorrow. tomorrow we leave, you know, start tomorrow and it keeps happening. It's like, you know, let's make this dedication now before, you know, it's too late, you know. So, she's making an adjustment in life. That's right. And friends, and as you see, Sister Rebecca, you know, this is by your own choice. Yes. You come here. Yes. And this is a very holy moment. Yes. And the spirit of the Lord is here. And I believe he is pleased. And may God as I baptize you and I bring you down into this water. The book of Romans says that you are baptized into this grave of water. And when you come out, you come out a cleansed vessel. That's a symbol of what you have made this decision to do is to be baptized and to come out and make this change in your life. Sister Rebecca, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Praise God. Praise God. He He is good. He keeps He continues it. He continues blessing us. And you know, just the inspiration for this with this man Josiah and how he made changes and he he made an adjustment in his life. I pray that there will be people, you don't have to come to be baptized to make that adjustment. I pray that there are people in this room that will make an adjustment in your life today and make changes and say, "Lord, I'm going to do what these brothers did. I'm going to do what Manasseh did. I'm going to do what Josiah did. I'm going to do what these people that went into the waters of baptism did. I'm going to do those things. Lord, help me. Give me the strength, Lord, and I'm going to do what you told me to do for tonight, our service tonight, just in honor of Josiah, I want to uh as I mentioned on Wednesday, bring in your scriptures and we'll pass the microphone around tonight and read a scripture and tell us why that scripture means so much to you. I would not doubt it one bit if Josiah opened that Bible and his eyes went to that second commandment. Thou shalt not have any other graven images before you. Let's let's bow our heads. Let's all stand first. Our father, how great and wonderful you are, Lord. Lord, you are the same God that was with David, the same God that was with Solomon, the same God that was with Hezekiah, the same God that had mercy on Manasseh, the same God that was with Josiah. And Lord, you're the same God that's here with us now. For you change not as is written in your your word. Father, we thank you for this service. We thank you for these souls that came up here to be baptized, to make this public confession of what the Lord has done in their hearts. And Lord, I pray for both of them that the almighty God in the form of the Holy Spirit would go before them and Lord, pave their way. May your word light their path, Lord. Strengthen them, Lord Jesus, I pray. And may your will be done, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Brother Josiah, I believe, has another song and then you can be dismissed. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise today. Amen. Praise God. Singing gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Down at the cross. Down at the cross where my savior died. down where for cleansing from sin I cried. Clear to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. Oh, sing it today. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to verse two. Verse two. Yes, I am so wondrously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides with him. There at the cross where he took me. Glory to his name. Amen. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Gloryy to his name. Oh there to my heart was the blood applied. Oh glory to his verse three. And oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me, keeps me clean. Hallelujah. Gloryy to his name. Singing gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to. Come to this fountain. Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thou poor soul at the Savior's feet. plunge in today and be made complete. Singing gloryy to his name. Hallelujah. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh yes. Glory, glory, glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, gloryy to with all your heart. One more time. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Well, gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. He is worthy of all praise. Praise God. Shake somebody's hand. Tell them, "God bless [Music] you." Hosana. It be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Applause] salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provideth all my needs. Oh yes. Jehovah Gyra is his name for he provideth all my needs. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Applause] salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Glory, glory, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Glory, glory, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my Let's sing it again. Hosana. Oh hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Praise God. Praise God. Brother Daniel already said it. You can be dismissed, but we'll keep singing for a little bit if you'd like to stay. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wild. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never met this home sick before. Oh, there someone standing at an open door. I can see the crystal river and I must be near forever. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. For I can see the family. I can see the family gather. Sweet face is all familiar. No one's older people anymore. Oh, this old lonesome heart's just crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wild mess. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. For what a day and what a day that will be. Saint in victory, walking through those gates forever more. Oh, as we greet one another, every sister, every brother. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this old sick before. For I see the bright light. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing by the door. This whole world is made of bread. Yes, I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sing before. [Music] Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Lord, I've never been this home sick [Music] before. Amazing. [Music]
