################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - Pride Crouching At The Door Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    Pride Crouching At The Door: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNUltOal0X0
========================================

Description:
Sunday  March 23rd 2025.10AM Tucson Tabernacle. Pastor Daniel Evans continues on the Parables series with Luke 18:10-14, the parable of the Pharisee and the Publican who went to pray.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] This is just what heaven means to me. Verse one, a country where no twilight shadows deep in. Unending day where night will never be. Well, a city where no storms ever gather. This is just what heaven means to me. What will it be? We get over yonder to join the throng upon the glassy sea. To greet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Verse two. And when at last we see the face, verse three, of [Music] Jesus before whose image other loves all flee. And when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Cuz this is just what heaven means to me. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea. Greet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. This is just what heaven means. Let's sing verse three again. Let me hear you. And when at last we see the face of Jesus before whose image of their loves all flee. And when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. What will it be? What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea. We'll join our loved ones and crown Christ forever. This is just what heaven means to me. Praise the Lord. Anyone in Sunday school can head to the back now. Anyone in Sunday school, let's sing this is your house. Father, come and dwell. You come to worship this morning. Praise God. Have you come to worship this morning? Let's sing this together. We dedicate this temple. Verse [Music] one. We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. Let your glory fill this sanctuary. [Music] be enthroned on the praises of your people. Lord, we [Music] agree in unity. This is your [Music] house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your [Music] house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Let's sing verse one again. We dedicate this temple to you Lord. Let your glory fill this sanctuary be enthroned on the praises of your people. Lord, we [Music] agree in unity. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your [Music] house. Lord, come and dwell. Let's sing that verse, too. Oh, Holy Spirit, overflow this [Music] place. Decorate our walls with grace and mercy and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Lord, come and dwell. Let's sing that verse two again. Holy Spirit, overflow this place. Is that your desire this morning? And decorate our walls with grace and mercy and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your [Music] house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Lord, come and dwell. Then would you all stand with me this morning? We're going to sing Let the worshippers arise. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let's sing verse one again. Father, I see that you are drawing line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers [Music] arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Verse two. Father and Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeem as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. And from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughter sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] eyes. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy with all our hearts. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You Oh, let me hear you sing it this morning. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. and all the saints. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders, all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing, you are worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. For from you are and to you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory again. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Let's sing it again. You are worthy of it all. Father Adam, would you come open in prayer? Worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. We have a prayer request for brother Lyall. He's not feeling well. Um having flu-l like symptoms and uh sister Naomi Walters has pneumonia and she's not doing well. She's at home resting. We want to keep her held up before the Lord in prayer this morning. We bring these prayer requests because he answers them. We don't just bring them to read them and talk about the troubles we have. We bring them because he has the power to fix the problem. Isn't that right? Amen. So, if you have anything you need to hold up before him this morning, he can hear it and answer it. Brother Adam, if you don't pray. [Music] Heavenly Father, it's always such an honor to come to you in prayer, Lord. As our brother was saying, we just we live beneath our privileges because we don't ask, Lord. So, we come to you asking for these things today, Lord, with brother Lyall, Sister Naomi, and all the other requests that are out there. Lord, we ask in just faith and confidence that you are God answering prayer. So Lord, we pray that you'd be with them and every other one that has a need. Just ask this morning for a special service, a special blessing on this service, Lord, that you would be with each one in the congregation. And pray that you would touch hearts this morning, Lord. Draw us closer to you and teach us, Lord, how to serve each other, Lord. serve you by serving each other. Pray for for that revelation today that you would be with us and love you and thank you for all these things and we ask it in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. You can all have your seats and then if you want to take up the offering just as the brothers take up, let's say a quick word of prayer. Lord Jesus, thank you for everyone who's here this morning. Thank you for the giving. Lord Jesus, I pray that whatever is given in the in the tithes and offerings this morning that you take it, bless it, multiply it, use it only for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. As you see, brother Adams here visiting us. Let's welcome him this morning. Thank you for being here. You were already standing, so I won't make you stand, but Amos and Lena, would you stand? Would you stand with the baby? Welcome. as I understand you'll be in town for a little while in Phoenix or something like that. Welcome. Thank you for being here this morning. And anyone else who's here, God bless you. Thank you for coming. We're just here to worship him down from his glory. Brother Jeremy, I'm sorry I didn't send you that song before the service. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. He came down from glory to save a sinner like me and to make me his child. The greatest story ever told. Down from his glory. Do we have that? Down from his glory. Ever living story. Ever live story. My God and Savior came. My God and Savior [Music] King. And Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Let's sing it with all our hearts. And oh, how I love [Music] him, how I adore him. Hallelujah. He's my breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator became my savior and all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him. In verse two, what [Music] kind bringing us redemption that in the dead of night, not one fainting sight? God gracious [Music] tender laid aside his splender. Stooping to rude to win to save my soul. And oh how I love him. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my [Music] sunshine, my all in all the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness ness dwell in him without reluctance without reluctance. flesh and blood, his substance. He took He took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Oh glorious mystery, sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou art the great I am. And oh how I love him, how I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell dwell in him. Last weekend, we went to a funeral of Sister Zyra's friend and she got up to share a little bit at the service and speak to the family and the friends and she talked about the memories she had had with this friend. I'm sorry for sharing this. And then she broke she began to break down. It's emotional at a funeral. And uh she said, "I accepted the Lord into my heart." Did you say two years ago? She said, "Two years ago, I accepted the Lord into my heart." And she said, "It's the best thing I've ever done." Let's sing. That is the truth. It's the best thing you'll ever do. So, Brother Daniel had this song on his heart. I I also had this song on my heart. We're gonna sing it. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever [Music] done. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love. Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected and there's no place I'd ra be in his arms again. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. And there's no place I'd rather rather be falling in love with Jesus. Brother Daniel, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. [Music] You brothers and sisters, feel good. Boy, I feel good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I uh I want to start the service over uh a little differently this morning. Um after I I greet our visitors, I want to welcome first our visitors. Thank you. Thank you all for coming. Um, uh, Jill with Sister Amelia. Welcome, sister. God bless you. It's good to see you. And then, uh, is this Dimmitri right here? Welcome, my brother. God bless you. Good to have you in service. First, first time in our service. Oh, praise God. Welcome you, Sister Joe. I think that you were here. Were you here last week, or is this the first time you've been? Okay. Yeah. Well, welcome. It's It's good to see you. I um look around uh Rory in the back. Welcome. Bless you, my friend. And and Phillip and and Lucia. God bless you, Philip. Welcome, brother. I don't know you. Welcome. It's good to white t-shirt there. Welcome. We glad glad to have you here. Um my friend, brother Amos, welcome from Brother Amos Burgess from Jeffersonville and um longtime friend and his wife Lena and their little little baby. Welcome. You've heard me mention a dear person in my heart, Brother Brad Burgess, pastor in Jeffersonville. Brother Amos is his son. And uh it's always an honor when you come and join us. And then my my little brother, it's good to see you, man. You know, there's something about family. It's just uh it's friends. Sometimes they come and go, but your family is always your family and they're so important. Brothers and sisters, if you don't have a close relationship with family members, reach out. Do something to make sure you have that relationship because God chose you didn't choose your brothers and you didn't choose your sisters. You didn't choose your parents. You didn't choose which your children. God chose those. reach out to those. I know Adam's been a a great help to me. He's been a um strength. When I needed a strength, he was a friend. When I needed a friend, he's always just been a wonderful, wonderful brother to me. Marily, it's good to see you again. You've been sick for a while. God bless you. Welcome. Welcome home. Ruth back there and the family. God bless you. It's good. Good to have you all. I wanted to start this morning service. Daniel told me a testimony uh shared a testimony with me a couple days ago and I thought, you know, this would be good on my subject this morning and I think it would be good for the whole church to hear. I think it'd be a blessing to you. So, I want to take a couple minutes and give it to my son and if you could share, buddy. Thank you. God bless you all. Um, so I was at work one day and this it was a really powerful thing I feel like happened to me and immediately after it happened I was like I have to call dad. So I went took a break and I called dad. I was I was just really excited about it. But anyway, this I I was working one day and as most of you know I'm a tech in the hospital and I deal with usually very sick patients and you know very needy patients. You know they need to they need us to help them with activities of just daily living. And so I walked into this one room and this guy, he hadn't been calling all day and he was just kind of sleeping and he was he was kind of with it. He was one of my patients who didn't need very much help. And so I kind of got worried about him. I was like I was like, "I wonder if this guy's doing okay." And I was just he was on my mind. And so I I walk in the room and I I was like, "Hey man, I got your lunch for you." And he's like, "Oh, you know, thank you." I was like, "Do you need anything?" He's like, "No, man. I'm fine." I was just like then I stopped and I was like, "Man," I was like, "You seem down today." And I was like, "You seem down." I was like I was like I was like what's wrong? I was like how can I help you? And he looked at me and big tears just started coming to his eyes and he just started just crying and I was like man I was like what's wrong and the only words he could get out at first he was like dude I just messed up. He's like I messed up so many times and he was like and I just really messed up. He was like this was my last mess up. He was like it was it was just the worst. And I was like man I was like what happened? And anyway, he was a he was a recovering drug addict and he had just started doing really well and he started to have a relationship with his family again. And then he was he started hanging around the wrong people and um hanging around the wrong people caused him to fail and he had an overdose and that's what put him into the hospital where I was at. And he was just so down. He was like, "Man, there's no more hope for me." He was like, "There's nothing left I can do." And I was like, man, I was like, "There's there's never no more hope, man." And I was like, just the fact that you're alive here today. You're with me. I was like, means you still have a purpose to live. You still have a reason to live. And he just looked at me. He was like, man, I just don't know what to do. I don't know. And I asked him, I was like, I was like, well, I was like, are you a Christian? And he was like, he was like, yeah, man. He was like, but he was like, I he was like, I used to go through this program with the church. He was like, but I always just felt like they were judging me. And I was I was like, man, I was like, that's not Jesus. I was like, "Jesus is always there to always give us a second chance, to always always give us more than a second chance, to give us as many chances as it takes." And so I got the opportunity to ask him. I was like, "Can I pray with you today?" And he was like, he was like, "Man, I would just love that." And so me and him sat there and we prayed and we talked for about two hours. And it just it really blessed me to be able just to sit there with one of God's children and just pray with them. Amen. Amen. Falling in love with Jesus. One more time. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] was the best thing I've ever ever done. One more time. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. Lord God Almighty. Falling in love with Jesus. Lord, it it's the best day of our lives when we fell in love with our Savior and our Lord. Father, I appreciate the testimony from Daniel. And Lord, if we could represent this Jesus Christ that we have fallen in love with, if we could represent him, Father, to this world and then maybe others would fall in love. Oh dear God, let us represent you well, we pray. Bless our service, Father, and bless these scriptures as I read them in Jesus name. Amen. If you could remain standing and keep playing, Sister Katie, I'm going to read Luke chapter 18 and we're going to stay in our parable series here. Luke chapter 18, verse 9. We started on the subject of pride on Wednesday. And I want to continue on with that subject. The Gospel of Luke chapter 18 verse9 it says this Jesus speaking of Jesus and he spake this parable unto a certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous and despised others. Two men went up to the temple to pray. The one a Pharisee and the other a publican. Publican is a tax collector. It's a very low person in the society back then. one a Pharisee and the other a publican. The Pharisees stood and prayed thus with himself, "God, I thank thee that I am not as these other men are, extortioners and unjust and adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice a week. I give tithes of all that I possess." And the publican standing a far off would not lift up so much as his eyes into heaven. but smoteed upon his breast, saying, "God, be merciful to me a sinner." I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other. For everyone that exaltth himself shall be abased, and he that humble himself shall be exalted." Why? Why, brothers and sisters, was one justified and the other was not. It's because one had pride and the other had humility. God bless you. You can take your seats. Appreciate that testimony from Daniel. The thing that that man had, he has sin in his life. He has failure. His life's been constantly marked with failure after failure after failure. And it's because of the decisions that he made. But the one thing that he had is there's hope for that man. And there's hope because he's willing to humble himself. He's willing to get rid of that pride and say, "I'm a sinner. I've done these things wrong." And it's something, friends, that is so rare and it's becoming more and more rare in the world today. We started on the subject of pride on on Wednesday night and I want to continue on with this subject the I looked up the the meaning of the word and it says this pride is a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements the achieve the achievements of those with whom one is closely close closely associated or from the qualities or possessions that are widely admired. Doesn't sound like such a bad word, does it? Doesn't sound like such a bad thing. This thing called pride. When we unfortunately when we today when we think of pride, what's the first thing really that crosses your mind? And it's this gay pride that we see so much. I uh I looked up that and uh found this. It says the term gay pride was claimed to be coined by either by either by Jack Baker and Michael McConnell, an activist couple in Minnesota, or by Tom Higgins, another gay rights activist in Minnesota. Higgins, a former member of the Catholic Church, sought to combat the negative energy emanating from the institution, from the church. Higgins paired one of the seven deadly sins, pride, with gay. And due to the church's stance, because of the church's stance on same-sex behaviors as going against divine and natural laws, that language was transformative. McConnell said, "This approach not only opened doors, but also propelled individuals forward. In 1971, McConnell introduced the term gay pride in Chicago, setting off a powerful movement. We look at this sin of homosexuality and so many modern preachers preach against it and it is it is very much a sin. It's it's very much something that is wrong. But I ask you when with the term gay pride, what is worse? Is it the gay part or is it the pride part? We would probably lean towards the gay pride gay part. But I say no, the worst of the two is the pride part. It's something that it's it's a curse. It could be a curse to a family. It could be a curse to a workplace. And it's it's ultimately it's a curse to yourself. I um when I was a kid, I got a hold of this book. You know, when you're a kid, you get these little picture books and and they have they have stories in there. And uh there is this fairy tale written and it it was published the same time this other fairy tale called the little little mermaid was published. We've all heard of that. But there's this other one that some of you young people may have never heard of. And that is this fairy tale of the emperor with no clothes. We laugh. It's a very funny story. Let me let me tell the story real quick. It's uh I mean it's just a few words. I I downloaded it and it says this. One day, two conmen visit the emperor's capital. Posing as tailor, as clothing makers, they offer to supply the emperor with magnificent clothes that are invisible to those who are incompetent or stupid. Got to remember that part. These clothes are invisible to those that are stupid. Incompetent. The gullible emperor hires them and they set up the looms and they pretend to go to work. And a succession of officials starting with the emperor's wise and competent minister and then ending with the emperor himself visit to check their progress each sees that the looms are empty, but pretends otherwise to avoid being thought a fool. Finally, the weavers report that the emperor's suit is finished. They fake dressing him and and and he sets off a pro procession before the whole city. The town's folk uncomfortably go along with the pretense, not wanting to appear inept or stupid until a child blurts out that the emperor isn't wearing any clothes. The people then realize that they have all been fooled. The emperor is startled but opts to continue in the procession and then it kind of ends right there and I want to see what you know what happened to this emperor but it tells a story that because of his pride that this emperor will eventually be brought down and embarrassed and the biggest problem with someone who has pride is they don't admit that they have pride. pride because they have pride and it goes it just it makes a it makes a big mess of your life because you're not willing to humble yourself. Brother Josiah, he knew my subject this morning when um we were talking in the back. He shared with me a testimony a a a writing from Benjamin Franklin. Benjamin Franklin said this. He says, "I worked my whole life to be as humble as I could. After a while, I realized that I was the most humble person that I knew and then I had to start all over again. So, we see that this thing pride it it is a very very bad thing and it will it will bring you down. Proverbs 11:2 says this, "When pride cometh, then cometh shame, but with the lowly is wisdom." Another translation said when pridees comes then comes disgrace but with the humble is wisdom. Inevitably that prideful person will be brought down. And the biggest as I said the biggest problem with it is if you have pride then then you're not really willing to swallow that pride the more that you have. Daniel in the testimony that he gave earlier that man has something. He's not walking a prideful life. The Lord has his hand on that man. And maybe it took drugs. Maybe it took failure. Maybe it it took divorce. May maybe it took rehab. Maybe it it takes anything that God will h have us humble our pride so that he can deal with us. And we look back at the failures that we have in life and we can say, "Wow, God actually did have his hand on me. God allowed me to make mistakes because of my pride. God allowed me to think that God allowed me to be chastised, to be humbled because he loved me because that was the only way for me to swallow my pride. As I said in in Proverbs, it talks many times about pride. The amplified version of that of that last scripture says, "Everyone who has pride, everyone who is proud and is and arrogant in heart is disgusting and exceedingly offensive to the Lord." And be assured that it will not go unpunished. Pride is an abomination and disgusting to the Lord. You think what is the worst sin, the most disgusting sin to us that we can think of? We can think maybe lust or someone that that is addicted to pornography or or someone that that lies all the time or someone that that would steal out of your purse or out of out of your pockets, would come into church and steal something. You think, what a what a disgusting person. You wouldn't wouldn't want to see that person come up here and ever address the congregation. And you never want to see that person come up and pray even in public before the congregation. But pride, what about that pastor or that minister who struggles with pride? Oh well, that's okay. You know who doesn't struggle with pride? Yet God says that that that sin of pride is greater than these other sins. Proverbsapter 6:1 16 says this, "These six things that the Lord hate, yay, seven are an abomination to him." That word abomination, it makes God sick. He hates it. The seven are an abomination to him. What does it start with? Pride. A proud look. A lying tongue. Hands that shed innocent blood. A heart that devises wicked imaginations. Feet that be swift to running to mischief. A false witness that speaks lies and he that sews discord discord among brethren. A liar. A murderer. A heart that devises wicked plans. Feet that are quick to run to evil. A false witness that breathed out lies. One who sows discord in the family or in the community or in the church. But the first in that list is pride. Why? Because pride can be and it is such a barrier between us and God. You can't tell me what to do. I have my own relationship with God. I don't need your church. I don't need I don't need to go. I I know. But but what it is is it's pride keeping us from the Lord. The seven deadly sins. We've all heard the seven deadly sins. What they're not in one scripture in the Bible. what they are as scholars throughout the ages have studied this Bible and come out with these are the seven big sins in the whole Bible. Number two is greed. Number three is wrath, hatred. Number four is envy. Number five is lust. Six is gluttony. Seven is slothfulness. But number one, number one on the list is pride. And where does this pride come from? As I said, we think of dirty, disgusting sins. And they are sins. But this pride is so common with us. And and so many of us struggle with it. We all, let me tell you this, we all struggle with it to a certain extent. All of us do. But this is the greatest. This is the big one. So where does it come from? What is this terrible sin that is so common that we just say, "Oh, well, he might struggle with pride, but at least he doesn't struggle with this sin or that sin or this one. That would kick him out of the pulpit, but he's okay being being prideful." When God says, "I hate it." God says, "It makes me sick. It disgusts me." Where does this come from? It comes from the enemy. It comes from Lucifer himself. Isaiah chapter 14 verse number 12. Listen to this. God is talking to the devil here. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground? Which did we did weaken the nations? How can you weaken a nation? How can you weaken a family? How can you weaken a church? How can you weaken someone's walk with the Lord? How can you weaken someone's faith? How can you weaken a relationship between you and your spouse? How can you weaken a relationship between you and your family, you and your brothers and your sisters? How can you weaken those things? When a spirit influences a person, that spirit makes that person act like the spirit. Act like the demon. And here's the big one, Lucifer. He's the big guy. That demon influences that person to mimic himself. That's what he wants. Lucifer is influencing the the people, the world to act like him. The Holy Spirit influences the people to act like Christ. Humble, loving, willing to sacrifice, willing to make a stand for what's right, willing to take the low position in a relationship, willing to give. God is saying, Lucifer, you weaken the nations. And how does he weaken the people? How does he weaken a relationship between a husband and a wife? Pride. It was pride that prevented Cain from receiving the blessings of God in the Garden of Eden. It was pride that destroyed Nebuchadnezzar in the book of Daniel. It was pride that constantly produced failure in King Saul. It was pride that caused almost every king of Israel to fail. It was pride that caused Lucifer to be cast out of heaven. It was pride that prevented the Pharisees and the Sadducees from accepting Jesus Christ. It's pride that destroys relationships. It's pride that ruins careers. It's pride that destroys churches. It's pride that prevents an understanding of the scriptures. That is one that is so subtle. I know. This is how I believe. It's pride that prevents a walk with God. It prevents an understanding. How can you prevent a walk with God? It prevents you from understanding the scriptures that God has for you. I have to have it this way, God. That is the way. That's the way I learned. This is this is how I was taught. This is what's right. If Lord, if you don't come this way, I'm not going to accept you. Pride. You got to come through my way of thinking. Pride. and it destroys people and it sends people to hell. It's inspired by Lucifer himself. Second Timothy, let's pause right there and let's go to second Timothy chapter 4. This is the Apostle Paul instructing his protege Timothy. He says, "I charge thee before therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in his kingdom. Preach the word. Be instant in season, out of season. Repro, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long suffering and doctrine. So he's saying, Timothy, preach this word. Correct the people. Tell them what is right. And all of us, all of us know there's people that are too good to go to church. They're too good to be here. They're too good to be here because maybe they don't want to be corrected. There's too much pride. They're too good because maybe they have something better and they create this this this weird world in their mind that I am too good for this group of people. Well, they judge me. When in fact, they're really not judging you. That is the devil trying to keep you away from church is what it is. What keeps people away from church? I know it's laziness, but it's pride more. Reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. Listen to this. They will not endure sound doctrine, but after their own lusts, at their own desires, they shall heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned to fables. It's the pride of people. As I said, they don't want to be corrected. So what they do is they they choose a pastor or they choose a teacher that is willing to correct someone else and to preach their doctrine that they want to be preached because it matches their pride. It matches their doctrine and they're not worried. They're not willing to humble themselves. A prideful person is the most difficult person to preach the gospel to. Number one most difficult person to get through is a prideful religious person. Pride produces really strong religious spirits that are adverse to any type of correction and they're always correcting and looking down on someone else, but they are not world they are not they would never think that wow they could be wrong. They shall heap for themselves is what what um Paul said. They shall heap for themselves. They are the ones that put this minister up there because he preaches the way that they want. And then that minister is controlled. I'm not saying always, not me, but I hope. I pray not me. But it is a warning here. This minister is controlled by the congregation. And he preaches those things that they want to hear instead of how God is leading him. They shall turn. And then what happens? What happens when this is the case in a church or a group of people? Then they shall turn away their ears from the truth. right here. They shall turn away their their ears from the truth and they shall turn to fables, things that really aren't true, things that are just made up because they shall heap for themselves teachers because they don't want to receive the correction. They want the doctrine to be preached. They want the narrative to be preached. And when they do that, as I said, as I asked the question, how could pride keep you from understanding the word? Well, it keeps you from understanding the word because you want your doctrine. I want my doctrine. All of us. Back to Isaiah 14 verse 12. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weakestake the nations? How does he weaken the nations? Through pride. Now listen to this. Here's here's what it is. For thou hast said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north north. Notice that Lucifer is saying he's saying it in his heart. He's not even saying it outwardly. He's saying inside of him that I am right. It was his desire. And God weighs the desires of of the person. Proverbs 21 says, "Every every way of a man is right in his own eyes. But the Lord ponderth the hearts." English standard version of that says, "Every way of a man is right in his own eyes, but the Lord weighs the heart." So if you're wrong, the Lord weighs your heart. He can see all the way to your inner desires. Can you imagine going onto your knees and saying, "Lord, I genuinely, Lord, I just want your will. I just want to be what you want me to be. I just want to know what's right, Lord. I want to set aside everything that's in me. And then you go and make a mistake. And you get on on your knees and say, "Lord, I made a mistake, but search my heart. You know, you know, I was sincere. You know, I just I got myself in the way. I didn't I didn't want to do that. Lord, you know my heart." Can you imagine if you could truly go to the Lord that way? Imagine if you could truly get on your knees and then all of the sin that's there, all of the filth that's in your life, all of the everything that you've done that's wrong, here is Jesus, and he weighs not your sin, but he weighs your heart. He weighs the desire of your heart. And this Pharisee that I talked about when I read the parable, the desire of his heart was pride. He wanted to be right. This publican was a sinner. He had done wrong. He had lived his whole life as a sinful sinful person. This Pharisee probably never done anything wrong in his life. He was always always living right. And he says, "I always pay my tithe and I always do everything. Lord, I'm so glad I'm not like this sinner." And then God weighs the heart. He says, "The Pharisee is the one that God didn't hear and the sinner is the one that God did hear." Adam and I were talking last night and uh he was telling me a story about a uh a college girl on the campus. There's this guy named Charlie Kirk. He's one of the you know, he's like a influencer uh type podcast guy. And uh he was debating with this girl on the subject of abortion. And this girl came, this girl had the excuse for abortion. Charlie Kirk was like, "Listen, this is a life." And this girl says, she says, "Do you want me to drop out of school? Do you want me to ruin my career for this baby? Do you want me to ruin all my scholarships? Do you want me to ruin my life and to have this child?" Whoa, look at this influence of Lucifer here. me, I will exalt myself even if it causes the destruction of someone else. It's all about me. Verse number 15 and 13 speaking to Lucifer again he said, "For you have said in your heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. I I I I Man, it's like he's the CEO of Apple, iPhone, iPod, iPad, iOS, I I I I everything's about me today. Notice, but notice he's not saying that he wants to be God. He's not going that far. He's like, I want to be like God. There is only one God, brothers and sisters, and it's not us. He is the one we worship. He is sovereign. He does things the way he he does things and he does not have to conform to our way of thinking. He has his own way of thinking and we conform to his way of thinking. Genesis chapter 4, Cain and Abel. What a story. These two children, the first children that were ever born in the world, Cain and Abel, watch the difference. Watch how Lucifer's spirit of pride comes even back then at the very beginning. Genesis 4:1. Thank you. And Adam knew his wife, knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bare Cain, and said, Eve said, I have gotten a man from the Lord. And she again bare his his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of the sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And in process of time, it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. and Abel he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof and the Lord had respect to Abel and his offering. NIV says and the Lord took the Lord looked with favor on Abel and his offering but unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect and Cain was very wroth very angry and his countenance fell. Amplified version so says so Cain became extremely angry and he took and he looked annoyed and hostile. It was written all over his face. Cain could not contain his emotions. It was written as I said all through his body language and everything. You can imagine how this Cain felt. Put yourself in the place of these two these two young men. Cain was saying, "Look at how hard I worked. Look at the altar that I built. Look at all of these flowers and all of this offering. We came from the Garden of Eden, didn't we? Look at my altar. Doesn't it resemble back to this garden that we came from? Look at this. Look at these beautiful flowers. And look at this fruit. Look at how nice this look looks. Now look at my brother Abel's. It's a pile of rocks and a dead animal. Look at him. Look at me. I deserve it. I've worked harder. Same thing with more work or school or whatever it is. Listen, I have been here longer. I deserve this. This is this is what something that that is owed to me. That was able or Cain's thoughts. I was able Cain's way. That's the pride that was in Cain. I'm not going to lower myself to that. And the Lord said unto Cain, why are you wroth? And why is thy countenance fallen? If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? And if thou doest not well, sin lith at the door. Sin is crouching at the door and unto thee shall be his desire, sin's desire, and thou shalt and thou shalt rule over him. So So what he's saying is God is warning Cain about his pride. And he's saying, why are you why are you upset that your gift isn't accepted? If you bring the right gift, the one that shows the sacrifice that I started in the Garden of Eden when I killed this animal to cover up the nakedness of of Adam and Eve, if you'll do like the word says, if you do like what is right, rather than getting this own image in your mind, this old this this whole flowery thing, and this this is going to be the the better thing if we do it this way, if you will just do it the right way, the way that I say, then you'll do Well, but God's saying that I know, Cain, that this pride is welling up in you, but you can overcome it, Cain. He said, "You'll do well. You can overcome it and you can rule over this pride." Cain didn't listen to God. the pride of his altar was not accepted and his brothers over here that just didn't seem right to him. It was accepted. So he said, remember God says, he says that if he says sin is crouching at the door. It's just waiting for you, Cain. You can have rule over it. You can overcome it. But this pride that's in you, Cain, here is Lucifer, as I read before, and he's right there, and he wants to influence you, but don't fall for it, Cain. But he fell for it. And Cain talked with his Abel, his brother. And it came to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel, his brother, and he killed him. Murdered him because of his pride. Look at what pride produces. It's a gateway to so many sins. Back to Luke 18. This the parable Luke 18:10. Two men went up to the temple to pray. The one a Pharisee and the other a publican. The Pharisees stood and prayed thus with himself. God, I thank thee that I'm not as the other men are, extortioners and unjust and adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in a week. I give tithes of all that I that that I possess. Look at all that I do, God. Look at my flowery altar. Look at all that I do for you. Look at all that I do for everyone else. Look at who I am. And the publican standing a far off, similar to the guy Daniel was talking about earlier. And the publican standing a far off would not even lift so much his eyes into heaven. He was he was ashamed of himself. He was sad that he had become such a sinner. And he smote his chest. He smacked himself on the chest and saying, "God, be merciful to me a sinner." And Jesus says, "I tell you that this man who was the sinner, he went back to his house justified." He may have thought that he is so much lower than this than this Pharisee. He might have thought that he is so much lower than this preacher because all that he had in his in his life and all the sin that he had there. But this man went to his house justified rather than the other one. The other one had pride. For everyone that exalts himself shall be abased, shall be brought down. And he that humbles himself shall be exalted. Pride comes from Satan. David, King David, brother Lyall is going to start on a series on this man. David, king, second king of Israel, line in the line of Judah, the the lineage of of Jesus. Great man, a man that was full of mistakes, full of problems. But this man, the Bible says, David was a man after God's own heart. Why? How could David with all of the sins of I mean, you name it, David did it. How could this man be a man after God's own heart? Because he humbled himself. How much more important is humbling ourselves than sinning in the first place? So, David, Saul had gotten jealous. The pride welled up in King Saul. He got jealous. He tried to kill David twice with a javelin, with a spear, tried to hit him. David would dodge and take off. Finally, David takes off and he goes out into the wilderness and he he's got his his loyal men with him. And here is Saul and Saul's after David. He Saul hated David because how could God favor David over me? I am the righteous king of Israel. So, here is David and he's out running away. They hide up in a cave. They're in the dark. Here comes Saul and his men. David's back in the back and he's probably kneeling down in the shadows. And here comes Saul by himself into the cave. David sees him coming. David's men like, "Let me take him out." David, this is your enemy. He was like, "No." David sneaks up there as Saul is there and he cuts off a piece of Saul's robe, goes back into the shadows. Saul walks out of the cave. I'll tell the story. 1 Samuel chapter 21, 1st Samuel chapter 24, excuse me. And it came to pass when Saul was returned from following the Philistines that it was told to him, "Behold, David is in the wilderness of Engeti. And Saul took 3,000 chosen men out of is Israel, and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats. And he came to the sheep coats, by the way, and there was a cave. And when Saul went in to cover his feet, that David and his men remained in the insides of the in the sides of the cave. And the men of David said unto him, "Behold the day of which the Lord said unto thee." David, God promised you the kingdom. Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall be seem good to thee. David, God promised you this. Then David arose and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privile. And it came to pass afterwards that David's heart smoteed him because he had cut off Saul's skirt. What a spirit that is in this man David. He repented. He said, "Oh, he was there." And his buddies are like, "Kill him. This is you take and you take the kingdom." David, a man after God's own heart, says, "No." And he cuts off the the the robe and he sneaks back in and he could have what he should have said, what we would have says, "I could have killed you, Saul." But no, it was like, "Man, I shouldn't have." He was the king. He's the king. I shouldn't have cut off a piece. David repented because Saul David knew that Saul was placed there by God. God had promised through the prophet Samuel many years earlier that David was going to be king. And David knew that and his his soldiers knew that. And yet look at the humility. There wasn't pride in David. Look at the humility there. And he said unto his men, verse six, the Lord forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the Lord's anointed, to stretch forth my hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the Lord. So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave and went his way. So David also arose afterwards and went out of the cave and cried after Saul. So Saul walked out. David walks out of the cave and said, "Saul, my lord, the king." And when Saul looked behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth and he bowed himself, showed respect to this prideful, narcissistic king. And David said to Saul, "Wherefore hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold, David seeketh thy hurt." He's saying, "Listen, you've heard all of these people, Saul. You've heard everybody telling you that I'm against you, that I want to destroy you, Saul. That's not true. Behold this. Thine eyes have seen how the Lord had delivered thee today into mine hand in the cave. And some told me to kill you, Saul, but mine eyes but mine eyes spared thee. And I said, I will not put forth my hand against my Lord, my ruler, for he is the Lord's anointed. Now he holds up a piece of cloth. He says, he holds up a piece of cloth of a piece of Saul's robe. And he says, "Moreover, my father, see, moreover, Saul, my leader, see, see the skirt of your robe in my hand. For in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and I killed thee not. know thou and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in my hand and I have not sinned against thee yet thou hest my soul to take it see Saul I'm not against you I don't have bad intentions remember this whole time that he's kneeling he's kneeling down there before Saul David didn't say at that point David didn't say Saul the prophet Samuel said I was going to be king he didn't say twice You tried to kill me with the spear. He didn't say, "Saul, the kingdom likes me better than they do you." He was submissive and kind. Imagine, friends, if we could handle our arguments like David handled that one. Imagine if we could handle the arguments with our spouses as David handled that one. If we could be submissive and humble when we get in an argument with a wife or a husband, brother or sister, imagine if if we would be submissive then do you think that they would continue beating you over the head? Probably not. And that's not what this narcissistic man who's, I promise you, he's probably a lot worse than your wife. Worse than your wife, Saul. That's not how Saul responded when David presented love to Saul. Verse number 16, let's skip down there. And it came to pass when David had had made an end to speaking these words unto Saul that Saul said, "Is this thy voice, my son David?" And Saul lifted up his voice and wept. And he said to David, "Thou art more righteous than I, for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded thee evil. I've done wrong to you, Saul, and you've done nothing but be sweet to me, be kind to me. And thou has showed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me. For as much as when the Lord had delivered me into thine hand, thou klest killst me not. For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away whereof the Lord reward thee good for that thou hast done unto me this day. Lord reward you reward you for being kind to me when I was mean to you. And behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be king. Saul's the one that brought it up, not David. I know well that thou shalt surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established into thy hands. Swear now, therefore, unto me by the Lord, that thou will not cut off my seed after me, and thou will not destroy my name out of my father's house." And David swear unto Saul, and Saul went home. But David and his men got them up into the hold. Notice, even after Saul left, David knew that even after he humbled himself, David knew, "Don't return back to that city because that spirit of Lucifer is going to come back. That spirit's going to come back on him and he's going to hate you again." And he did. David knew that the sin of pride would be crouching at Saul's door. So, he quietly just went back to his place up in the rocks. not in a nice home where he could defend his men and then he went about his business. Same thing happens two chapters later in first in 1st Samuel 6. Samuel 20 Samuel 26. Philippians 2:9 says this. Philippians chapter 2 verse 5. Thank you. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ. who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Now look at the difference. Now Lucifer wanted to be equal with God. But now here comes the son of God. Now watch what he does. Lucifer lifts him up. Says, I will exalt myself above all the all the the people of God. I will be this. Now watch what Jesus does. He thought not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation. and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself. Talking about Jesus. Lucifer didn't humble himself, but Jesus humbled himself. Listen to this example. If we are Christians, we should humble ourselves with each other between churches, between families. We humble ourselves if we have the spirit of Christ. We don't exalt ourselves. He humbled himself and became obedient to death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God ha also hath highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. Obedient to the cross. How many of us are able to set aside our pride and be obedient to humility like Jesus Christ was in all parts of our lives? How many of us can live our lives knowing that the sin of pride is crouching at the door? David saw that he was nothing. And David saw every good that every good thing about him was a gift from God. Read the book of Psalms. It's full of it. How how David is lifting up God for every good thing that happens. David failed over and over and over. But the Bible says that he was a man after God's own heart. How could a man that failed so many times have the heart of God? He humbled himself when he cut off of Saul's robe. He humbled himself later as I said in the in two chapters later when he stole Saul's spear when he was sleeping. He humbled himself when he committed adultery with his friend's wife. He comm he humbled himself when he had his friend murdered. He humbled himself through his entire life. And that is why he had a heart like God's heart. I don't think anyone here has done as bad as David has. But even yet, he had a man. He was a man after God's own heart. The parable of the Pharisee. God's heart was not in that Pharisee. But God's heart was in that publican. Sin is crouching at the door with that with that Pharisee. Sin was right there. Sin was ready. He was ready to come home and have a fight with his wife. He was ready to have a fight with his kids. He was ready for sin, ready to condemn someone else. But the sinner publican says, "I'm not worthy to walk into church. I'm a sinner." And God heard his prayer, but he did not hear the prayer of the prideful. I got a lot more. Let's let's close. If uh the musicians would come forward, you know what? Let me just read the scriptures. They'll be great. I promise. Lot these scriptures are way better than anything that I can say. Proverbs 11:2 says this, "When pride comes, then cometh shame, but with the lowly is wisdom." Isaiah 2:1 says, "The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the hottiness of men shall be bowed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day." Psalm 10 verse4 says this, "The wicked through the pride of his countenance will not seek after God." God is not in all of his thoughts. In all of his thoughts. God to be in all of our thoughts. And how can God be in our thoughts if we have sinful thoughts? 1 John chapter 2:16 says, "For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the father, but is of this world." Galatians chapter 6:3 says, "For if a man think himself to be something when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself." That's a big one. 1 Peter 5:5, listen to this. Likewise, you younger, submit yourselves to the elder. Yay. and all of you be subject one to another and be clothed clothed with humility. God resists the proud and gives grace to the humble. The last scripture is this 2 Chronicles 7:14. If my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land. What a promise for humility. What a man this man David was. What a man Jesus Christ was to say that to put it so simply that if you would just humble yourself and set aside your pride, there was never there has never been a fight between a husband and wife that did not have pride. There has never been a church split that was not because of pride. There has never be been a divorce that did not have pride. There has never, you can see why. You can see why God hates that sin above all else. Number one in the Proverbs chapter 6 of the seven things that God hates. Number one, a proud look. He hates it because it separates us from him. But if we will humble ourselves like King David did like this beautiful story of this these two people that went to pray. I love when God touches a repentive heart. There is nothing when I stand here and I see someone come and I see that sincerity. There is nothing to me that is greater than that. Zyra, you said the other day or you said or Daniel said earlier that or no, Josiah said that um in the funeral you said it was the best thing you ever did. I remember that. It's it's it may seem like a small thing to us, but the heavens are rejoicing with angels shouting praise when a sinner comes and repents and says, "Lord, I am wrong. I want to change my life like that publican did when he went to the altar." He says, "I'm not even worried worthy to go into church. Lord, forgive me a sinner." That's when heavens rejoice. And when the preacher, when the priest, when the Pharisee comes and says, "Look how great I am. I'm better than all these other people because I've never done anything wrong. You shouldn't do anything wrong." Paul said, "Do I do I sin that grace may prevail?" He said, "God forbid. We don't sin. We try not to sin, but that repentant sinner, God loves it. He loved that prayer of that publican. And he hated, he despised the prayer of the Pharisee. Two things that are just the opposite of the way that we think of. But the blessed words of our Lord Jesus through these simple stories give us that understanding that we need so dearly. Amen. Brother Josiah, where are you? First things first, Jeremy, this song, Brother Josiah is about to sing. It's a it's a modern song. It's not a congregational song, but the first time I heard this song, I thought, "Wow, there's a repentive heart." Whoever wrote this song and and just the the way that it presents this repentance is just beautiful. I didn't know Josiah was going to sing it. He he said he has a surprise for me. And this is the songs I have. Please sing it. [Music] All the things that I have held, the vanities that whispered in my ear. What would I do if they all disappear? Riches and fame and all that they could buy come to find. They never satisfy. What would I gain if my soul's the prize? I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. So, first things first, I'll seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you and keep the first things first to live your truth, walk your ways, set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first things [Music] first. I give it all. My life an offering. My heart is yours. So have your way in me. Your kingdom's all I want to seek. I don't want to love. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. I don't want to love. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. So, first things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. Keep the first things first to live your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first things first. [Music] What did you say? I give it all my life an offering. My heart is yours. So have your way with me. Lord, your kingdom's all I want to seek again. I give it all, my life and offering. My heart is yours, so have your way in me. Your kingdom's all I want to seek. I don't want to. Amen. Love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. I don't want to love. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. So, first things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. To keep the first things first. To live your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes, Lord. I fix my face on you. All my desires reverse to keep the first things first. Keep the first thing first. Brother Amos, please. My friend, would you come forward and close? Brother Amos purges. Brothers and sisters, pride is something that is present in all of our lives. Pride is the very spirit of the devil himself. This blessed book tells us his spirit and how it influences all of the people in the world. But God told the same God that's here today, the same God that we pray to the that same God told Cain, he said, "If you can overcome it," he said, "you can conquer this." He says, "But if you don't," he said, "Sin is crouching at the door." Cain gave in to pride. It didn't make sense in his mind. His offering, his altar was more beautiful. It was more probably more work went into it. Everything about Cain's altar was greater in his eyes than his brother Abel's. But he fell to pride. And it's something that is everywhere. That's why God lists it first in so many things. Brother [Music] Amos. Dear Lord Jesus, I thank you for this word this morning, Lord God. Lord Jesus, as I stand here, I know humbly in my heart, Father, I'm nothing before you, Lord. I pray, Father, forgive me, Lord Jesus, where I've been lifted up, Lord. God caught in my own eyes, Lord. Oh, God. Lord Jesus. Father, your word is the same, Lord. No matter where it is, when it's preached, Lord, it speaks to my heart, speaks to each of our hearts, Lord. Father, I pray that you would help us to take these words inside of us, Lord. That we could live humbly, Lord, before you, Lord Jesus, and approach you, Father, every day, Lord. That we could draw closer to you, Lord, to serve you better than the day before, Father. Lord, I pray that you would continue to go with us today, Lord Jesus, throughout this day, that we might meditate upon these things that we've heard, that you would speak to us, Lord God, and help us, Lord Jesus, to lean on you and not our own understandings. Father, we commit our ways to you now this day. Father, as the day is long, pray that you bless Brother Daniel, Lord, his family, Lord Jesus, and the church here. Those that come in, Father, may they feel your presence, Lord, and know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes. Amen. Grant it, Father. We ask all these things in your glory. Jesus name. Amen. [Music] We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. So give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another and give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. [Music] Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, and God, let us be a generation that sees seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, let us be a generation that sees seeks your face. Oh God of J. We bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things, oh Lord. We cast out our idols. Yes. Amen. Give us clean. Sing it to the Lord now. Just sing it to him. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, let us be a generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in the fashion in fashion as a man, he himself humb he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. That's the name of Jesus Christ. And every knee shall bow to that name and every tongue will confess that name. The name of Jesus Christ. There's no service tonight. Pray that the Lord will give you a good day. Brothers and sisters, he's given us. The more scriptures I read, I feel like the more the Lord blesses us. He's given us just a good day, a good morning. I pray that you'd always keep your eye out from Lucifer. He's crouching at the at the door of every one of us. It wasn't just Cain. Every single one of us, even Peter, Jesus said, "Peter, Satan has sought sought you. He has sought you to sift you like wheat, but I have prayed for you. And then Peter comes back and he said, "The devil like a roaring and lion is going forth devouring whom he may devour." But if we can stay humble, brothers and sisters, if we can keep our word, our our mind on the word of God and humble in our heart, then we'll have the same fate as that sinner, that publican that went to pray. God will hear our prayers. It's a promise. Not for me. It's from the book. God bless you. You're [Music] dismissed. More of you. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my f and yet I hunger still empty and Lord hear my prayer. for more of you. More of you. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my f and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Oh, more of [Music] you. More of [Music] you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of [Music] you. Of things I've had my [Music] f yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. One more time. More of you, Lord Jesus. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my f and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee every hour. Most gracious Lord, no tender voice like thy can he suffer. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee every hour. Stay thou nearby. [Music] Tempations lose their power when thou [Music] art. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee every [Music] hour. Enjoy your pain. Come quickly and abide. Or life is vain. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee, Lord. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my Savior. I come to thee. Oh, I need thee every hour. Lord, teach me thy will and thy rich proesses in me fulfilled. Lord, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Bless me now, my savior. I come to thee as the dear panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. [Music] You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee as the dear as the dear panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. [Music] You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship [Music] thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit hear. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are the king. And I love you more [Music] than other so much more than anything. [Music] You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart's desire and I to worship you and you're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a [Music] I love you more than any other so much more [Music] than strength my shield to You alone does my spirit [Music] hear. You alone are my heart desire and I want to worship [Music] you. Create in me a clean heart, oh [Music] God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, O Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away. Cast me not away from thy presence. taken not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Restore, restore unto [Music] me the joy of thy salvation. And renew a right spirit within me. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to [Music] you. Love that sought before I knew you. has brought me near to where you [Music] are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. Healer of my heart. You're the heal healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Touched my heart. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you. has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my heart. Nothing [Music] compares and nothing compares Lord to knowing [Music] you and see what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully sought me and called me your own. [Music] then made a way to bring my wondering heart back [Music] home. Of the broken [Music] pieces, you touched my heart and made it [Music] new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to [Music] you. Love that sought before I knew [Music] you has brought me near to where you [Music] are. Lord, now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. Healer of my heart. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. I give my heart to [Music] you. Love that sought before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my [Music] heart. Now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you, healer of my heart. And now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you. You're the healer of my [Music] heart. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of m [Music]
