################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - Testimonies - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-22
Title:    Testimonies
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 2h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GqF8e47nz4
========================================

Description:
Sunday, September 21 @ 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
these things will be added unto you and fear not little flock for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom and that was just an encouragement to me so I wanted to share that but let's sing press on the valley is deep and when the mountain is steep When the body is weary, when we stumble and fall, [Music] when the choices are hard. When we're battered and scarred, when we've spent our resource, [Music] when we've given our all in Jesus name, we press on. In Jesus name we press on. [Music] Dear Lord, with the prize clear before our eyes, we find the stream to press on in Jesus name. We press on [Music] in Jesus name. We press on dear Lord with the prize clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. We're going to sing this next song and then Sister Hope will call you up after that one. [Music] Liy of the valley, letting your sweet aroma fill my life. [Music] Rose of sharing show me how to grow in beauty in God's sight. [Music] Fairest of 10,000. Make me a reflection of your life. [Music] Day star shine down on me. Letting your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up the door and let me know your wisdom. Show me things I've never seen before. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. Oh, day star, shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Lord, I see a world that's dying, wounded by the master of the sea. [Music] Groping in the darkness. Haunted by the years of past defeat. [Music] Then I see you standing near me, Lord, shining with compassion in your eyes. [Music] Let your love shine through me. Love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. and let me know your wisdom. Show me things I've never seen before. [Music] Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. [Music] Day star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up the door and let me know your wisdom. Show me things I've never seen before. [Music] Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. You make it right. Day star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] [Music] Sing this with me. [Music] up and you've got peace of mind like you've never [Music] lose faith. You are never alone. For the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right. were the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is to God in [Music] faith. We're up on the mountain, but the talk comes so easy [Music] when life's at it. But it's down in the valley of trials and temptations. That's when faith is really put to the test. But the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, oh, he'll make them right. For the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. The God of the day is still God in the night. Amen. Thank you. Let's sing the chorus more of you and then Sister Jessica has a song as well. [Music] I need more of you. I've had all but what I need is more of you. of things I've had my feel and yet I've hungered still empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of you. [Music] more of you, oh Lord. I need more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. [Music] Some things I've had my feel and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of you. [Music] [Music] stepped in the water of life. [Music] Now I'm sisfied and I'm here to tell you there's power to save cuz that living water. Oh he has name. Oh Jesus savior sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus, healer, lover of my soul. Yes, he's the sweetest name I know. [Music] Through every problem his promise will be that with every morning new mercies I see. He is my portion. Yes, he's everything. There's joy like a fountain cuz he's all I need. Oh Jesus, savior, sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus, healer, lover of my soul. Oh Jesus, savior, sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus, healer, lover of my soul. [Music] Yes, he's the sweetest name I know. [Music] No one could save, no other name but Jesus. My Jesus. When I was lost, he made a way. My Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. No one could save, no other name but Jesus. Sweet Jesus. [Music] When I was lost, he made a way my Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Oh Jesus, savior, sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus, healer, lover of my soul. Oh Jesus, savior, sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus, healer, lover of my soul. Yes, he's the sweetest name I know. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] change my heart. Oh God, [Music] make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Oh, change my heart, oh God, and make it ever true. [Music] Oh, change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. [Music] For you are the potter. I am the clay. [Music] on me and make me. This is what I pray. Oh, change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Oh, change my heart, oh God, [Music] make it ever true. Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] For you are the potter, I am the clay. [Music] Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] So change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. We're going to sing Healer of the Broken Pieces. I couldn't quite get it, so I asked Josiah and Katie to help me out with it. And then Sister Rebecca has a song after this. [Music] either of the broken pieces. [Music] You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. [Music] Love that sought before I knew you &gt;&gt; has brought brought me near to where you are. &gt;&gt; Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] You are the healer, &gt;&gt; the healer of my heart, [Music] the &gt;&gt; maker and the God of all. We are [Music] I was the broken &gt;&gt; vessel in your hand. &gt;&gt; You looked beyond the hurt and made me whole again. [Music] Healer of the broken pieces. &gt;&gt; You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now my whole life I surrender, laid down before the men give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you &gt;&gt; has brought me near to where you are [Music] &gt;&gt; now. I live to praise you ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] Oh, nothing compares Lord [Music] &gt;&gt; to knowing you &gt;&gt; and see what the grace of God can do. &gt;&gt; You faithful You faithfully sought me &gt;&gt; and called me your own. [Music] &gt;&gt; Then made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. &gt;&gt; Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now my whole life I surrender, lay down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that sought me before I knew you &gt;&gt; has brought brought me near to where you are. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] Healer of the broken pieces. [Music] You touched my heart and made it new. &gt;&gt; Now my whole life I surrender. Laid down before the mener. Lord I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you &gt;&gt; has brought me near to where you are. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] If y'all know this, please sing it with me. I have not done this in a very long time. Hoping, praying that I remember what Kia even put this in. But when brother Daniel was preaching this morning, um just some of the stuff he said about hungering and thirsting, that's really something I've been going through. Um the song's just been going through my head, had it on my heart, and so [Music] I lay in bed [Music] to cry and my mind just fails to know exactly why I can't explain. With tongue or pin, the spirit's groaning deep within. It must be here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pull. I feel the I hear the call. And I know his spirit moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. I went to hear the word. And with each line and praise, he was drawing me to give a higher praise. There's a deep fall to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure I'll reach, let go. Cuz I feel the poor. I feel the poor. I hear the call and I know his spirit moving me to give my hope. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Lord. Please come and take control. I feel the poor. [Music] I'll stand. How about one one more time with the chorus? Rebecca, [Music] &gt;&gt; I hear the call and I know your spirit's moving to him. my own. He speaks to me and I Lord come and take control. I feel the Our mighty heavenly father, we thank you. Thank you for your kindness, Lord. We humbly now, Lord, invite you into our presence. Surely, Lord, you were pleased with this these songs of worship. And now, Father, we ask that your anointing would rest upon us as we give you praise, Father, for what you have done for us. Lord, that words can't express what you've done for us, but Lord, we can just make known to each other. A few things that you have blessed us with in recent times. Father, we love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Rebecca, it feels good to sing in your own church, doesn't it? Bless you. You did a really nice job. Thank you. Amen. You can be seated. Um, I want to uh I want to make a couple announcements. First, the uh I want to make a video of of our church. I want to get some I want to get testimonies and uh for a twofold purpose. Uh, one will be I want to make a condensed version of the video and that will just be short 30 second to one minute clips and maybe a third of what we get and then I want to make a fulllength video of just testimonies from our church from the people in our church. Um, and uh the the short one will be as I said we'll only play probably use a third or so of the videos. Uh the first one will be used if the Lord's willing at our dedication in November and then I would like to also post the fulllength one on our YouTube page and on our website and um I want the subject to be what this church means to you and what what is a church. So you can give a short testimony. You can um tell what a church means to you. Um just say a few words about our church, a few personal words. So you can take the videos yourself with somebody helping you with an iPhone or um other type of phone or we can help you out. But I want to get started on that right away because there's going to be a lot of editing to do. So, I want to have everything done. I want to have all the videos compiled within a month and then that'll give us a few weeks to get these things ready for the um church dedication. So, start thinking about that and uh start thinking about what you're going to say and I think it's going to be a blessing. Um and then uh for tonight we are going to have a testimony service. I know everybody looks forward to that. I I certainly do. This really my This is my favorite time of being a pastor is when I get to hear what's going on. You hear me all the time, but when I get to hear what's going on with the congregation, it just it blesses me so much. This is just recharges my batteries. I I want to say a few words about the sermon this morning before we get started. And friends, what I'm trying to do is I shut it down at 11:25 when I'm ministering. No matter if I come if I start at quarter till um4 to 11 or whatever time I I want to shut it down at 11:25. Then that gives us time to worship and then we can get out at a reasonable time and I don't want to wear the people out. It's very very important to me. You hear a minister so often say, "Can I just have 15 more minutes?" It's like, "Yeah, like we're going to say no." Um, but a lot of times it's for that minister. And I have every time I have my sermon down and I always get about three quarters of the way done, sometimes half. And uh and and I I shut it down because I know that you can only take so much and it gets it gets tiring especially in today's modern world. Maybe uh few decades ago it was easier to sit through a a twoh hour, three-hour sermon, but today's different. We are we're we're made different and today's a different world that we live in. So I'm I'm trying just so you know I I shut it down and I have a hard fast rule for myself. Now, if you have a guest minister, then it's different. But I'm trying to even shorten it a little bit more. I don't want you to leave worn out. I want you to leave saying, you know, he he could have given us a little bit more. Maybe just leave a little bit hungry. And and then I think I think that's the way to do it. But um I didn't finish this morning. And if you just give me 10 minutes, &gt;&gt; what a hypocrite. This is at the beginning of the service though. I I want to I want to go over the biatitudes a little bit more. And what I wanted to do this morning that I didn't get to because I I saw the time was up is I wanted to give a summary of Matthew chapter 5 verses one 1- 11. And just to go over again what I said earlier because I believe it's important that we understand these biatitudes. I believe it's important that we understand this foundation of this sermon on the mount. So let's turn if you could put up on the screen Matthew chapter 5 and we'll start with verse one. I just want to read through the biatitudes make a couple a couple comments on each scripture and then we will get into the testimony service. So, I got you here with a promise of testimonies and I'm going to preach to you a little bit. Matthew chapter 5, verse one. It reads like this. And seeing the multitude, he went up into a mountain. And he when he was set, his disciples came unto him, and he opened his mouth, and he taught them, saying, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. As I said this morning, and I want to I want to review this. This is when you are convicted for your sins that you've committed. This is when you realize that you're in a hopeless condition without God. It's when you realize that you also have a promise to receive the kingdom of heaven, that you can also dwell with God. This is the very foundation of this progression of being a Christian. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. So now is when godly sorrow enters into your heart. I got a lot of comments about this after the service that you know they they said, "Brother, I didn't I didn't consider that blessed are they that mourn." We always think of mourning as as a death. But no, we also mourn for for tragic things that happened. And we mourn for our sins that we've committed. We regret our bad decisions. We regret past behavior. And then you shall be comforted with the hope of a changed life. Jesus brings such hope. The worst situation you have ever been in can be turned around. The worst situation anyone has ever been in can be turned around with God. I mean, I preached on Jonah a couple weeks ago. Jonah was in a rough spot. The bottom of the ocean in the belly of a whale. He had it. He He was He was in a very difficult situation, probably more difficult than any of us have ever been in. And God turned it around from him for him. So, so when you mourn, you regret your behavior, then you shall be comforted because you have hope that God can turn things around. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. This is when you really you give your heart to the Lord. You receive the humility that all Christians should have and know that you really you're nothing in yourself. But any good thing about you comes from God. If you really understand that, if you really are meek, blessed are other translations says say blessed are the humble. When that humbility really really comes in and you see that there's the only good that's in me is is from God. So now you're a Christian. You get baptized. You make a commitment to the Lord and you have a promise that not only you have a promise of eternal life, but you also have that hope and that promise of healing. You have that promise of reconciliation, of restoration. A lot of things come with this hope of Christ. It comes in and it gives you, it encourages you. And you shall inherit the earth and now you're heirs of Christ. And I didn't get to it this morning. I really wanted to. You are adopted sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Now you have an inheritance. Brother Lyle, I loved what he did if you were there on Wednesday night when he was talking about brother Jeremy and he had the girls there and he went back there and he talked about their adoption and how these kids it doesn't matter what they were in the past now they are from the tribe of Bagot is what brother Lyall said and they are they are heirs to the inheritance. They are part of the family. It doesn't matter if they were born in or adopted in. And that's how we are. We are heirs to that promise that God gave to Abraham. And we are sons of Abraham. We may may not be his descendants, but we are adopted sons and daughters, which means we have the same inheritance as someone in the bloodline. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Now you've given your heart to the Lord, and now you have this hungering and thirsting after a right relationship with God. And you receive that relationship. And now it's no more about legalism which I talked about the Old Testament. Thou shalt not. Now it's all promises. And thou shalt receive. Now you have reached really you have reached perfection. Not perfection in yourself, but you have reached the one who is perfect and you have reached a relationship with that perfect one. Verse number seven, blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Now that you're, now that you're moving on this Christian way, now you are reflecting Jesus Christ out of you. He gave you mercy. Now you give mercy to others. Like that guy driving that Ozemobile, he got under my skin, giving me the little honk when he turned. He wanted that little last word. Don't do that. You don't need the last word. Be merciful. Even if you are right, and we're always right when in our minds, forgot the part, in our minds, be merciful. Don't give the little honk as you're turning. Don't get the last word. Be merciful, for then you will obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Now the puress in your heart is that desire for puress. So then you can stand, you can get on your knees or you can stand before the Lord and say, "Lord, you know my heart. I'm a sinner. I've done wrong. I'm constantly doing wrong. I'm constantly messing up. But Lord, you know my heart. You know that I'm trying to do right. You know that being right with you, Lord, is more important than anything else in the world to me. And if I could just find your will, Father, if I could just know your will, then Lord, I'll do it. I'll do everything I can to do it. And then you fail. You miss the Lord. But then you come back and you can stand with a pure heart, perfect before God. You can stand before him and say, "Lord, you know my heart. With all of your sins, everything that you've done, you can still stand perfect before God because you are worshiping a perfect God, a perfect sacrifice, and you have that relationship with that perfect one. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." Friends, with a Christian, if we are truly Christians, just our presence brings peace. It brings Christian love to any situation wherever we are. If we walk into a room and and there's there's anxiety or or there's turmoil there, we should bring in the peace of God with us and make peace. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of of God. You don't add to the gossip. You stop the gossip when others are saying negative. You you turn the congre conversation positive and it's and you develop a reputation for doing this. And this is one where I fail all the time and it's just like Lord I was negative again and then I have to go before him and and I I do it all the time more than I'm sure anyone else here. But I'll go to him. Lord, I'm sorry I said this. It was negative. I shouldn't have done it. Lord, you know my heart. I'm going to do better. And it's wipes it clean. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you, and shall shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my name, for my sake. Notice that it says falsely. That doesn't mean that you suffer for something that you did wrong. &gt;&gt; You're going to suffer for what you did wrong and you can make the things right. But this right here is saying that they shall say all manner evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward in heaven. for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. So now I look at these great men of old John Hus burned at the stake for trying to get the gospel trying to get the word of God into the hands of the people. William Tinddale burned at the stake for trying to get the word of God into the hands of the people. Martyrs killed. And you look at look at the what was celebrated today in this man Charlie Kirk. He was truly he gave his life to wanting to get the gospel into the hands of people and he didn't back down and he stood up for on social issues and it just brought out that hatred that is said right here that they hate you. They didn't hate him. They hated what he stood for. And they don't hate you. They hate you for what you stand for when you say no. It is wrong for a boy to want to be a girl or a girl to want to be a boy. You know, it's wrong to do that. I understand that you may be born with those weaknesses. I understand that that is something that you overcome. But I was born with sin that with weaknesses for sin in my life and I'm expected to overcome the sins in my life. They should be expected to overcome that sin in their lives. It's not a sin above any other sin. It's it's something that they can overcome. The Bible says that God will not tempt you above that which you can bear. So you can overcome it. I've seen it. I've seen people overcome that and live a a heterosexual life. I've seen it. So you can. But they hate it when someone stands up for what the word says and they stand they stand on values and they hate that so much so that they would kill that person or it might be abortion standing up for killing an unborn child. Standing up for I mean really preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ as a exclusive exclusive gospel, which means you cannot be saved. You can't be saved if you don't accept Christ. That may sound very harsh, but I'm quoting Jesus. He said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." I am the way, the way to God, the truth. All right. The word. I am the way, the truth, and the life. He's the one that brings life. And no one can come to the father except by me. That is an exclusive gospel. We try to make it exclusive with denominational differences and all this stuff and well, you have to be this to be bride and you have to. No, no, no, no, no. There's one exclusive way and that is through the man Christ Jesus. There is one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. And when you say that, you are hated. So much so that people will kill as many people as they can, hijacking airplanes and running running them into buildings and and going into marketplaces and blowing themselves up because they hate that so much. And and it is not because they hate the person that they they are killing. They hate what they think that person stands for. And here we say that blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. I wanted to give a little review on that and I'm looking forward to continuing on this sermon on the mount and it is tremendous and and it started out good in reading this first part of Matthew and it just gets better and better and deeper and you know what Jesus does first he says okay here's how here's how you come to the Lord and here's the blessings associated with it and then boy does he raise the bar. I mean, raise the bar almost to where it's impossible, but it is something that we should strive for. Be perfect. Jesus says, "As your father which is in heaven is perfect." I believe he's saying, "Have that perfect relationship with him." You'll sin, but then you'll repent of those sins. Amen. Do you have testimonies? I hope so because I'm going to grab the microphone and I will I will um I'll go into the audience and I'll start with brother Silas there. Let me let me get a microphone. I was talking about you, brother Silas to someone earlier today that maybe I forgot. Sister Shirley maybe. And uh I talked with Sister Shirley. She's the first one here. So she sits here and she's here like 45 minutes earlier and I always ask her, "What do you think? Is it getting better or not?" And she tells me, "But I was talking about you and uh how much your dad meant to me and the the encouragement he gave me when I used to minister, brother Brads, and he just always meant so much to me." &gt;&gt; Well, I have two short testimonies. Uh the first one is I fought for a long time to get Sundays off and Lord made away and I'm so grateful for that. Now the second one is I have well I had I should say I had this condition called diabetic neuropathy and if you don't know what neuropathy is it's where the diabetes damages the nerves in your body specifically your feet. It could be your hands but mostly your feet and it causes all kinds of pain and just terrible discomfort. I've had this condition for at least five years. And this year it had gotten worse. And I decided about a month ago that I was tired of it. And I put the prayer cloth in my wallet. And a couple weeks later, I had a dream. I dreamed that I put that prayer cloth in my wallet and the feeling returned to my feet. And then the pain went away. And it proved it was the big problem foot was my right foot. My wife can tell you that it was just horrible and the feeling is returning to it slowly but surely. I feel it. And lately, the devil's attacked me with a pretty serious infection in my left foot. Y'all pray for me. I've had tests done on it, but I don't care what those tests say because I'm healed anyway. They could cut it off and I'll still say I'm healed. Well, God bless y'all. I just want to tell you that. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Bless you sisters. &gt;&gt; God bless you brothers and sisters. I had two brief testimony. Last the past two weeks I was at work just busy with our job doing our work and I was on the hallway walking going to the office and one of the client was behind me walking and in my heart something told me move away that person to pass. I I I didn't do right away but again I can feel that and then I just backed up on the post of the hallway and then the person the client passed and he walked like I was going to the office. So it was like two doors before I reached to the office and on the office we normally put a code to go into. So when I was near the office to boot a code, the client was in front of me and he attacked the staff that was coming facing me. So I watched the scenario there. They were fighting, grabbing one another and I just want to thank God that he protect me and he protect us all the time. So that was my first testimony. Second testimony on last Thursday I was at work and I I they normally give us like we work with people with substance use substance use and people normally they normally give them the cigarette to smoke. So they told me to go like get a lighter and a cigarette to go give it to them. And I said no this is not right we should and then they say why and they say we should do these things fearing God because I know it's wrong we should help them to stop we are not here to encourage giving them so they say no and the team lead was mad with me for some reason he text the boss and the boss start sending me a text message very aggressive but I didn't respond it so why so I I didn't do it So I stand with my farm but on that hard situation I told I I should listen the word of God or something. So I went on WhatsApp in Kenya on back of my country. They normally pastor text uh uh messages on the on the WhatsApp and the the communication on WhatsApp. So I went to read. So I wanted to read to to see it was really comforting to me and encouraging for my situation that I was in. So this is how it went and I just popped up and I went on it right away. So they say now where's the children of Abraham this morning? You ministers that are afraid of you are afraid. You are afraid of your bread and water on the street. If you live that pablo, where's your faith? David said, "I was once young and now I'm old. I have never seen the Russians forsaken or his seed pecking bread." Don't be afraid. Stay true to Christ. But unbelief will catch reasons that what that is what it did. Now you get it. Unbelief relies reasons. present day things. Faith won't do it. Faith looks at the word but but faith places itself upon unmovable rock. God is eternal word. Amen. Faith don't look at reason. I don't care how much you can show it will be better. If the word says no, faith rest there. That is the sanctuary of faith resting place. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I just want to talk about um how God is so mindful even when we're not asking him for help. Last Monday I came to church to pick up some three cases of bananas that were in the freezer from the church pantry. And um the freezer's kind of deep. It's a test freezer and I'm kind of short so it's kind of hard to pull them up out of the freezer. So in my own ability, trusting myself that I could do it, you know, I was like, "Oh, I'm going to take out, you know, bundles of bananas at a time and put them in the car and, you know, slowly fill up the car with bananas." And then it was really hot and my neck pain will be exacerbated by the you humidity and the heat. And here I was driving and you know just got here to church and lo and behold the Lord gave me an angel a tall dark handsome angel by the name of brother Locer. He was coming out of the church and I just said, "Brother Locer, can you help me load up the bananas?" And in less than a minute he loaded up the bananas. But you know what? When I drove away, the thing that came to my mind is not to trust my own abilities. That God is mindful even when we're not asking. He knew that I needed help with those bananas, you know. So, I want to just give God the praise and thank you, brother Locer, for putting up with me and, you know, always asking help for something and doing something or, you know, but God is so mindful and I'm so grateful and my heart was filled with gratitude, you know. Thank you, brother. [Applause] Mary Lee, tell tell when the uh when you got help with the water bottles. The water bottles when you were filling up the water bottles and you said, "Lord, I I just can't." It's the same similar to &gt;&gt; I told that um but um I was, you know, it's hard to be a widow. you know, you don't really want to be, but you are. And I kind of liked having people do things for me, especially my husband. And um I had these five gallon heavy bottles. And I had, of course, four of them, you know, I just don't have one. I have four. And so I put them in the back seat and and I was just in the car driving. A lot of times I talk to the Lord that way. And uh I said, "Lord, it just would be so wonderful if I could have some tall, strong man help me when I get into this little place where I get the water." And if it didn't just happen exactly like that, I just I just told him, I said, "You're like an angel because I really need to help." And here you are, strong, tall man. And I asked for someone to help me. And I didn't even have to ask him. He said, "Can I help you?" It was just like the Lord. And you know, it's so true when it says in the Bible that he takes care of the widows and the orphans and he takes care of me all the time. And honestly, sometimes I tell him, "I'm sorry to bother you again, but I can't find my purse. Will you show me what I did with it?" And and you know, that's the last thing I was going to tell this, but I I was really in a panic. You know, when a you lose your purse and your kids think you're going a little nuts and so you try really hard to just be really responsible and everything. And so I I just thought I'm to my last wits end. And so I knelt down by my bed and I just said, "Lord, I'm sorry to bother you again, but I can't find my person. Will you help me?" And you know it was like I got up from that position. I went right over to my ammoir. I bent down, opened up the two little things, two little drawers, and there it was. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Next. Which one are you gonna tell, Lydia? Okay, let me tell one. Come, come up here, come here, come here. So, we baptized a young man. Uh, is Justin is Justin here? I don't see Justin. We baptized a young man last Sunday and he gave the testimony. First of all, I'd witnessed to him up up in the front of the church and and he was uh they were just kids and not the most respectful kids, but they were they were okay. And I uh witnessed to him and and they just I didn't witness to them. I I told them they had to leave and they're like, "Okay, well, whatever." So, I turn around and I start to leave and something told me, "Go back." And I turned around and I said, "Hey boys, let me tell you a story." And I had the two young men sit down and I told him a Bible story. And Justin locked on to this Bible story. So then we stayed in touch. He started coming to church. He left for a while, moved away for a while, and then he came back and he texted me and he said, he said, "Pastor," he said, "Uh, I don't know if you remember me." He then he told me, "I'm the person that was loitering out front. You know, you were gigging us out and all this." And and and then he said, "I want to be baptized." And I said, "Okay, do you want to talk about it? You know, are you sure?" Um, and he said, "No, I don't want to talk about it." Yes, I am sure. He says, "I want to be baptized." And I said, "Okay." I said, "Well, I'll baptize you on on Sunday morning," which was a few days after this. And so then he gets up there. Now, you were all there. He gets up in the baptismal. And the title of my sermon that day was the temptation of Jesus. Well, Justin asked the Lord. He said, "Lord, if this is your will that I am to be baptized and to be here, Lord, will you have the pastor preach on the temptation of Jesus?" I mean, amazing. And I preached on the temptation of Jesus. He just knew. But there was something going on behind the scenes that none of us knew about and it was a prayer. James says the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avail. There was somebody praying in the background. Lydia, I want you to give your testimony. So, um, Brother Daniel had told me about the two guys on the front. And it had been months, you know, quite a while since, um, Justin had come to back to church. And I just felt led to pray for him. And I said, "Lord, would you bring Johnny back to church and save him?" And I think that was a Thursday or a Friday. And that Sunday, he walks into church. And usually when people have not been to church in a long time, takes me a moment to like, "Oh, that's them." As soon as I saw his red hair, he had changed kind of bit. And as soon as I saw his red hair, I'm like, Johnny, that's Johnny. And then he gets baptized. And I was like, wow. You know, that was kind of really cool. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, um, a few weeks ago, probably about a month ago, we were heading out on our trip to go to North Carolina and there was something I needed. I didn't have it on my previous trips, but I had finally gotten one and I tucked it in my, you know, top drawer of my dresser and I couldn't find it. I was like, "Lord, you have to help me find this." And the verse I always remember is a promise in the Bible. It says, "If you ask, you shall receive." I said, "Lord, I'm asking. I need this for my trip. I had already packed my backpack and something I think fell off my bed because I had placed stuff at the end of my bed. I was already in bed and I prayed this prayer and I had to taken it out of my backpack before getting into bed because for some reason and it fell off the bed. So I went got up and picked up the stuff and it was in the stuff. I did not pack it in the backpack. I had not touched it. I had not seen it and it was there. I was like, "Wow, thank you, Lord." And I didn't have to go digging for it the next morning. &gt;&gt; How many of you want long young Lydia praying for you? I see a little prayer warrior forming there. Next, Sister Sarah I meant to give this testimony quite a while ago, but I guess tonight is good for it. Um so a couple weeks back I had the church pray for my catheter my port because there had been an issue come up over the weekend and um without going into any technical details it was really looking like there was a breach in it where there would be that either the line was cut or there was a hole somewhere basically rendering the catheter useless and it meant a surgery and that was a very very very bad week to have a surgery. So that Saturday, um, I sent a prayer request to my parents for everyone to pray that that would not be the case. I know what I saw. And my nurse, uh, I have a longtime nurse that's been working with me for quite a while. She had checked it out during treatment. The treatment was just horrible. We couldn't even get a treatment that weekend. And I was pretty much kind of on pins and needles all weekend long because we both kind of knew what we were looking at. But by the next treatment to check it out, everything was completely normal. There was no problem whatsoever. And I really absolutely believe God miraculously touched that catheter because I knew what that we knew what we were looking at and we were both just going, "No, no, no, no, no, no." So, um I just want to thank the church for praying because I know there's so many people that um immediately got in contact with my family saying they were praying and there's just been so many battles this summer, this year. It's been very difficult. So, that was one thing. The second thing though was pretty remarkable to me. Um, as you guys probably have known over the years of my testimonies, I have struggled constantly with my blood pressure. And it's always very high and very uncontrolled. And I was medicated pretty heavily for many years for it with very little success. It baffled the doctors all the time. So, the other day I was going through old paperwork of mine and I came across a journal entry um on some piece of paper that I had written. And apparently I had I forgot all about this. I just found it and it was dated from June of 2017. And I started reading it kind of figuring out like what is this? And it was just um like right in the middle of a journal entry of me talking about how frustrated I was at that time with my blood pressure and these two doctors that I was being treated by. One doctor would tell me one thing and prescribe certain medication and then the other doctor would see me say the exact opposite thing and I'm recording this, you know, in this entry and then give more medication. I think I was on five different blood pressure medications at the time and it was, you know, just really out there. And the one, you know, one of those doctors, so I'm writing this down apparently about how he told me very vehemently, I would never ever ever get off of these blood pressure medications. I would always need to be adding more or changing them. And of course, the side effects are terrible. And this is never something I wanted to keep doing. I want healing. Always believing for that. So, at the end of this journal entry, I wrote like this whole paragraph of confessions of faith for healing. And I put things like my kidneys will recover their full function in Jesus name. I will not need, you know, um phosphorus binders. My phosphorus will be in a healthy normal range in Jesus name. And one of the things that's in this list was I will wean off of every one of these medications in Jesus name. Now mind you I'm sitting here in 2025 reading this. It's dated from June 2017. In 2020 I weaned off of every single one of those medications for a year. And it just hit me like kind of like a lightning bolt like wait that happened. That already happened. My heart was already healed in 2014. Like there's so many things. So here I am sitting and I'll mind you I don't understand why God does things the way he does or why he allows things because I do remember in 2021 when I had to go back on medication and how incredibly frustrated and angry and confused I was to have to do that and how much I fought spiritually and medically about that. and I didn't know what to do about it. But from this year back in December of 2024, things were at that crazy limit again. Only this time it was a little less medication. But I was to the point where we're out of options. I don't have anything else to do. The doctors don't know what else to do. And I started praying again. I said, "Lord, there was a time that you got me off these medications, and I'm going to start confessing that same prayer again every day I take these meds. I'm weaning off of these medications because I no longer need them because my blood pressure is in a healthy normal range because by his stripes I'm healed. Sounds like a mantra, but that's what I'm saying. So, all of this year, I'm in that process and I've gotten my meds almost to where they're completely off again. And I just want to praise God for that, for low, healthy blood pressure. And I said, Lord, let it come to stay this time. I don't want to do this again. But I just found that very miraculous. And God knows the time. He knows the when and the how. And he knows the why, you know, because I don't know the why or the how or any of these things. But I just want to give praise to God again and thank you guys always for praying for me because God is doing things. It doesn't look like it sometimes, but he really is moving and helping me through it. God bless you. [Applause] I'm gonna just I'm gonna have one more and then you give your testimony and song after that and then we'll continue on with testimonies. &gt;&gt; Thank you pastors. I know God bless you brothers and sisters. Um I get nervous speaking so um well there's there's many thing that the Lord has done in my life um and really changed me. Um, one thing is that I've always hearing the testimonies of the brothers and sisters. Um, I we all have individual um, experiences. Um, we each have individual souls. And I, uh, I battled a lot of anxiety. I still do. Um, you could see I'm kind of shaking even now. Um, just asking for the congregation to pray for me um, for my anxiety. Um, not depressed, just, you know, I feel that the enemy has been attacking me a lot uh lately, and if I don't have prayer, well, I need my saints and brothers and sisters to uh really pray for me. Um, and I I love my pastor. This is brother Brandham's mentions, you know, this is a place of refuge, you know. Uh, this is this is my place of refuge. And if it wasn't for our pastor, I probably be in a bad shape, probably in prison or on the streets or probably even worse, you know, to tell the truth because God demands truth, right? He demands correction, truth, and he's also kind and and he gives comfort, too. So, I've been asking the Lord just to comfort me. Um, I sing to the Lord alone in my room and read the word and and I just tell him, "Just embrace me." Sometimes we just need to Lord, just give me a hug. And I feel it. I feel I feel his presence. And believe me, it's I'll cry, but it's a it's a it's a good cry. And my sister here, you I see you off the side of my periph. And um I really uh admire that about you're a real daughter of God. And and all of my sisters and brothers here. And I just I don't know really what to say. I'm kind of nervous, but I just want to um thank everybody um and for your for your love, for your patience with me, for your kindness, and also um yeah, for having a wonderful pastor and the musicians, everybody, you know, Brother Josiah has been helping me and brother Daniel Jr. on down, brother Aaron, I can go name, but it takes it takes a body, right? It takes it takes not just one individual. That's uh we all got to come in one accord all together in in in unity with perfect love, you know, because God is love. At the end, it's love, you know, and we got to have love because without love, you know, we don't love the Lord. It's it's very simple. And if you don't love the Lord, well, and we do love the Lord, and that's why we're here. Um, God bless you, brothers and sisters. You know, I appreciate it when somebody just gives a testimony and gives thanks for what we have. And let's not ever take it for granted because we do have something special. Brother Jonathan, thank you. Before I sing, Daniel's going to figure out how to raise that up. I'm not strong enough. Well, uh, this last week, uh, dear friend and pastor, Brother Biscll, passed away. He's my pastor for almost all my life. He baptized me and my brother. Um, and I just wanted to share. I wrote a few things down I wanted to share about him. A lot of people here might not know him. You might know him, but I just wanted to share some things maybe some people didn't know. Born in 1934, died in 2025. Um, the first thing I would say about Brother Biscll is that he made time. Cloverdale Bible Way exists because Brother Biscll made time for the youth in southern British Columbia in the 1970s and 80s. It was just young people in his house talking about the Lord. And they called it the Bible Way House. And you can still drive by and see the Bible way house where a group of young people hooked on drugs, alcoholics, family trouble, every every every type of broken inside that house all coming to the Lord in his living room. &gt;&gt; This is this is a funny thing. Southern British Columbia is uh probably the most expensive place to live in the world. and they bought that house for $14,752. That's brother Biscll's words. He knew the exact he knew all the way to the to the scent how much they spent on that on that house. But that's how that that's how that started. And brother Biscll wasn't a pastor at that time. He sacrificed his career to become a pastor. He was very very successful and could have been even more successful had he not left his businesses to be a pastor. I I just say this. I think he could have been the prime minister. I think he would have been a good one too. He could have retired young and gone to the beach or to the mountains. Instead of that, he slept on planks of wood in third world countries. got arrested in China, went to the natives in northern and central British Columbia to give the gospel to them. As I said, he baptized me and my brother. He was a true gentleman. He was giving in wisdom, giving in his personal time, giving in resources, fantastic guitar player, preacher, missionary, songwriter, husband, father, grandfather, greatgrandfather, great greatgrandfather, giving of all of his life to the gospel. And I said I said a minute ago he was giving of his resources. I mean over six figures over the years. Six figures of his money and more just given away to people in need. People who were going to lose their homes and properties. Now let me let me clarify. He didn't buy people's houses so that they could still live in them. He would give them the money so they didn't lose their house from the bank on multiple occasions. He cared for those those uh the song I'm going to sing is called Little Ones. It's a song he wrote. He cared for he cared for the young people. He cared for the insignificant people, the people you maybe thought you didn't want to be your friend. He spoke so highly of them. He got into legal battles with the state of Washington all over making sure that the kids at the camp got to keep the playground. Some of you know the state of Washington's political views make it hard to own property. And there was a a ditch that ran water off the mountain and they had to have so many feet from this. and he fought with the government so that we didn't lose that playground. And they said, "Well, you can have a smaller playground." And he said, "No, so that the kids would still have a playground to play at." I'll tell this story. Uh, a good friend of ours of, uh, my family and Zeke's family brought his dad to church one time. His dad was a Pentecostal man and he was diabetic and he was 70 years old and he heard brother Biscll preach and he said that's a wonderful Christian man. He said I want that man to pray for me. After the service he came down to the front and he said I've got diabetes and I'd like you to pray for me and I believe if you pray for me that I'll be healed. And the service had already been dismissed. And brother Biscll got back up at the pullpit and he said, "This man down here believes that if we pray for him, he'll be healed." He said, 'D do I believe that he'll be healed? Absolutely. I believe the Lord will heal him of his diabetes. He got down there and prayed for him and it left him that day and that man died not being a diabetic. Incredible testimony. [Applause] In all his success, he did all of it without a formal education. He lost his mother when he was 5 years old. He gave his heart to the Lord as a teenager. And he told us that when he was young, he sat down in his room and he laid his watch and his wallet on his desk and he said, "Lord, whatever time and resources I have, I give it all to you." He said his lunch breaks were an hour long when he was a when he was a young man. They were an hour and the first half hour he dedicated in prayer to the Lord every day. I want to read a scripture that comes to mind when I think of brother Bisll. Wherefore, seeing we are also compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finish of our finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame came and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself. I think about brother Bisl how he never quit all the way to the end. He was always a fighter and it was always for the Lord. So I'm going to sing this song. Brother Biscll wrote a course many years ago with no verses. And my dad, many of you know him, is a songwriter. And he wrote these verses to go with the course that Brother Biscll wrote as uh a gift, I guess, to Brother Biscll. but also uh something that's for all pastors, all pastors that take care of the flock, all pastors that have a heart for the lost, and most importantly, our Lord Jesus, who endured the cross for our sakes in the past of God's flock, The good shepherd with them walks and leads to waters still in pastor's green at the ending of the day. In the doorway he doth lay. If danger comes, his body stands between. [Music] But sometimes he must lead them over rocky paths and deserts. The lie, the lion and the bear they lie and wait. But the shepherd's watchful eye. Keeps account and draws them nigh. not satisfied with only 99. [Music] And we will not leave our little ones behind. [Music] For our father has them in mind. Some are weak and some are feeble. Others may not feel they're able, will not leave a single one behind. [Music] At the dawning of the age was recorded in the pages of the word, the shepherd leaves us but not alone. Because though to glory he did rise, still his spirit here abides to feed his flock and lead them safely home. And the men that he has led to act as shepherds in shepherds in hisstead have been faithful to feed them and to care. Though some have strayed and some have slept, still a visual has been kept by those shepherds who the Lord has charged to feed. And we will not leave our little ones behind, [Music] for our father has them in mind. Some are weak and some are feeble. Others may not feel their but will not leave a single one behind. Last verse. On a Friday dark and grim, as the penalty for sin, the great shepherd was struck a fatal blow. [Music] And the sheep were scattered out, wandering, lost, and turned about, not knowing what to do or where to go. But in their darkest hour, he arose again in power and called them near and fed them from his hand. And as it happened in the past, God has acted in the last. And his little ones, he's calling to their home. And we will not leave those little ones behind. For our father has them in mind. Some are weak and some are feeble. Others may not feel they're able but will not leave a single one behind. Could you try to sing it with me? And we will not leave our little ones behind for our father. For our father has them in mind. Some are weak, some are weak, and some are feeble. Others may not feel they're able, but will not leave a single one behind. [Applause] Brother Brandham said this. He said, "Not long ago, I had the privilege of being with your pastor, Brother Biscll. We had a little trip trip together and afterwards a little hunting trip up in northern British Columbia and he told me that he was a missionary to the Indian people over there on the island and I've always wanted to help somebody who's trying to help the Indian people. I had a few experiences down in the states with speaking to the Indians, the Navajos, Apaches, and so many of them down there and find such a wonderful faith. And Brother Eddie, not underwritten by anyone, said, "Maybe sometime I've had the opportunity to come by and help you, Brother Eddie." And he said, "I'd be happy for you to do that." I uh I want to read this quote. Listen to this. Now I wish I had time wish we had about time for a few more nights or um in this lovely country and advertise it all around the churches for fellowship to come together but we can't do that. And now right away to Canada with the Indians way back up in the country. I very far away and I last fall was with a little missionary from over there. And I noticed he was out of a lovely home, but his arms under here and around was all red. And I asked him what it was. And it was where fleas and bed bugs had eat on him from being out with the Indians out there. You know, he just had to live with them. And I in Africa, I would eat just uh I don't see how in the world I could do it, but God had to help me. And that's that's the way it was. But you have to do it anyhow, you see. And so people who missionary go through a lot of things that's unpleasant. But we have to be all things to all people that we might win some to Christ. And I felt so sorry for Eddie and his children that way too. And little Eddie Biscoll and his wife, lovely woman out of a nice, lovely home. Her father owns a big company and president of it and everything. And then give their lives out there like that. It certainly takes God to do that. and brother Ed [Applause] while like in 2005 I I was diagnosed with diabetes and like in and I was taking a medicine but it was making me feel like not good and and then when I started working out the hospital in 2020 they just one of the surgeons told me get off of that it's not good for you goes They say there's no cure. Why they giving you guys this stuff, right? So he said, "Just change your ways and the way you eat and stuff." And I just went in my closet. I said, "Lord, I just need you to heal me. If you could heal that woman that was bleeding for 12 years, you just touched your fringe or your garment could do the same for me." And it's already 2025 and I'm still here and I'm still alive. He's the ultimate healer. And I put all my trust in him and he's guiding me and he's blessing me teaching me not it's not about me since I've been putting people in front of me instead of man he been blessing me doors been open abundance blessing he's he's beautiful he's awesome &gt;&gt; five years &gt;&gt; all right one or one or two more someone sister. &gt;&gt; Um, first I wanted to get something cleared up. I think it was last year I gave that testimony about getting wasps wasps stung on the head and the Lord got my attention about like not getting something right with my mom and I didn't tell everything and afterwards brother Daniel said I hope I wish that was the only thing I would have done but then I thought oh dear it was a whole thing so Um, the Lord brought it to my remembrance and I just have to get it all the way. Um, so what brought the attention to the pictures that I had borrowed from my mom to copy and get back to her. Um, was a little sewing book and I I wanted to use it to try to learn to sew better. So, I borrowed it to take pictures of it or I mean to copy it. I didn't have the phone to take pictures of it like we do now. I would have done that. But anyway, she could care less about the little book. She didn't even remember the book. She was worried about the pictures and that's what the Lord was trying to bring the attention to. But I should have told both of them. So, I'm sorry. And and I'm sorry. The Lord is just so faithful. We had family camp last year and I I was trying to get my finances straightened out and we had um a really slow season when the snowbirds went home and I I wasn't making any money hardly at Denny's and I didn't have enough houses to clean. So I was upside down on my bills. I a couple of you this and but so bear with me. Um anyway, so I was I had to cancel two houses to go to camp and I I thought like okay this is super irresponsible. So but I thought I need to go to camp. So I prayed almost all night because I had to hear from the Lord. And by the time and later in the morning, I I finally was done with my fast or whatever and I got up to get something to eat. The presence of the Lord passed by my way. I didn't feel it. I I just it was a revelation. I knew my bills were paid and I could go to camp. And I just started screaming and praising God because it was fun. It was over and I got to go to camp and the Lord supernaturally paid my bills. Brother Daniel gave me from the church like $500 and he didn't know what was going on. And my sister, she had a puppy that had a heart murmur that was really bad and the vet, you know, diagnosed it and everything. She was really heartbroken about it and she didn't have a clue what was going on either. And she told the Lord, "If you heal this puppy, I'll give the money that I make from it to Hope." He healed it completely. She It came back with a perfect bill of health and she sold it and sent me the money. And I was so shocked that the Lord is just so supernatural that just he does. And I reminded the Lord, you're the you own the cattle on a thousand hills. in the scripture that brother um Walters read tonight not to give any thought about what we shall eat or drink or at all that we shall be clothed and I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread like sister Misty said and that and that he's the husband to the widow and he promised to be and he was so faithful and kept all of his promises and I just want to thank Praise the Lord. One more. I didn't really want to speak, but I feel like God wants me to. Um, so this happened a little bit ago, but I was uh one morning I was driving to work and I had this thought pop in my head that I needed to call one of my clients and invite her to coffee. And I thought, that's crazy. I've never had coffee. I've never taken this client out anywhere. So, I'm not going to do that. and driving a little bit. Well, also when I had that thought pop in my head, it named the coffee place. It's like, call so and so and invite her to coffee at Labuzz. And then I said, "No, I'm not doing that." So anyways, I'm still driving and the thought popped in my head again and I was like, "No, not doing that." And then the coffee shop was coming up at the shopping center. The next that I was coming to. And then the thought was, Stephanie, call so and so and invite her to coffee right now. And I was like, okay, I think this is God. So I uh was about to pass the shopping center where the coffee shop was. And right when I turn in, there's parking to the left of me, parking to the right, and there's parking straight ahead. and she's standing at the back of her car. And so I call her because I'm so I'm at this point I'm in shock. I was like, "Okay." So I call her and I can see her answering her phone. And I said, "Hey, would you like to meet me at Lab Buzz for coffee and she's just like in shock and she's like, "Oh my goodness, I'd love to. I'm actually right here." And so we go. So I, you know, pull up and we go inside and she orders a coffee and I ordered like a tea or something and um we sit down and it was kind of awkward because she has been my client for 18 years, but we've never gone anywhere together. And so I just decided to tell her everything that had just happened. And uh she broke down in tears and she told me that a week ago, a week before this, that um her son needed money. And uh so she's married, but her son is not um from that marriage. And he had been struggling with drugs. And so her husband said, "Well, you can give him some money, but he has to come and do some landscaping." So he was doing landscaping and she had went and uh got him u I think it was a Snapple beverage and um he took a drink of it and there was a bee on the top of this beverage and he was definitely allergic to bees and as he drank it, it stung him in the lip and he ended up passing away in her arms. They couldn't get him help fast enough. And so here I am even in more shock. Like I don't even know what to say at this point. And it was a moment where God uses you. And everything that I said I know was not from me. And it gave her so much comfort. And uh that's really what um triggered me to just every day just say, "God, however you need to use me. body because in that particular moment it was all about her and God wanting her to know that he was thinking of her. He was mindful of her and uh she said that she didn't know what she was going to do that morning that she just didn't know if she could live without her son and just you know the tragedy of how he ended up passing away. So just a good um testimony for all of us that every day you never know how God could use you. Like that morning I woke up, I was not expecting any of that to happen. So anyway, just praise God. [Applause] Michael, I go ahead. I think God sends angels in many different forms. I uh when sister Elizabeth said that God sent a angel in the form of a tall, dark cancer man, I thought she was talking about me. [Laughter] I'm just kidding. But he can. He sends different different angels to help and we can be that help. Sent sister Stephanie. He sent brother He sent this young man to you really to help. And how many times have we had that honor to be able to help someone else? And we can be that messenger that's sent from God to help somebody. And boy, it feels good, doesn't it, Stephanie? Doesn't it feel good to know that he used you? He picked you up and said, "I want you to help one of my children." What a what an honor, Brother Michael. [Music] Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. Cuz I am nothing. Lord, I am nothing without you. Take my voice and pour it out and let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. Cuz I am nothing, Lord. I am nothing [Music] without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. [Music] and take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of blood. Cuz I am nothing, Lord. I am nothing [Music] without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. All the world [Music] will see that I am nothing without you. &gt;&gt; Let's all stand. Brother Ron Glidewell, if you come and close one more time, Brother Michael, &gt;&gt; take my time. here on this earth. And let it glorify all that you are worth cuz I am nothing. Lord, I am nothing without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing. [Music] without you. [Music] I would just like to read a scripture before I pray. And it's a scripture in in Galatians. Paul is uh addressing that church. And I just felt it was so pertinent. Grace be to you and peace from God the Father and from our Lord Jesus Christ. I just felt that was so personal that that could have been me saying that. &gt;&gt; You know, each one of us are sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Paul was no more a son of God than you are. &gt;&gt; This word is just as pertinent in your lips as it was in his. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. who gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this present world, this present evil world, according to the will of God our father. To whom be the glory forever and ever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. If you read the rest of it, he chews him out pretty good for following false doctrines. And he says, "I marvel how soon you forget." &gt;&gt; But the way he opens it, it's just amazing. And if you want to read it, you know, but I believe it's just a great a great introduction that Jesus Christ came to deliver us from the evil of this world. Can we pray? &gt;&gt; Oh God. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus Christ, you know our insufficiencies, but oh Lord, you look upon your son that we have laid before you. We have accepted the sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Through the shed blood of the Lord Jesus. And father, as we come to the end of this service today, for just a few moments, we'll leave each other's presence. But you will never leave our presence because we take you with us in our hearts wherever we go. Lord, it's impressed upon me that each and every one of these lovely people have recognized you in their lives and they're just giving you the glory by these testimonies. And we thank what we're supposed to do, Lord. We thank you for our lives. We thank you for this place of worship. We thank you for giving us a pastor. We thank you for giving just the wonderful people that we can &gt;&gt; come together with. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And feel comfortable, Lord, to be ourselves. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That we can call friends, &gt;&gt; that we can meet and shake their hands and and we love them and they live. They love us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. &gt;&gt; We're so grateful for this, Father. And Lord, would you just take each and every one and just let them just find a place to where they can meet you personally and allow you Lord to change us into that which you have for us. For we know Lord that we are to be like you. And oh God, we know that it takes you to do this in our lives. So we invite you Lord to just go with each and everyone in their lives Lord that that as we go and we we see Lord the the peoples of the world and each and everyone that we would encounter that Father that we would be looking for that one precious soul. But if not Lord that we would no doubt we would project you and they would know something is different. We have we want you Lord just to we want what you want Father we want you oh God to have preeminence in our lives each and everyone. So as we go Lord we we give thanks for this time but keep each and everyone Lord and protect them Father remind them of your word. And Lord, we know that when we're in a place, Father, where there is no other place we can go, Lord, you open up a place for us, Father, and you show us your light. You show us your love and give us hope. And we are forever grateful for this, Father. We thank you in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Take my time here on this earth. Let it glorify all that you are worth. Cuz I am nothing. &gt;&gt; Lord, I am nothing. without you. [Music] Oh, all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing &gt;&gt; without you. &gt;&gt; Paul, an apostle, not of men, neither by men, but by Jesus Christ and God the Father, who raised him from the dead, and all the brethren which are with me under the churches of Galatia. Brother Ron says personal grace be unto you and peace from God our father and from our Lord Jesus Christ who gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this present world according to the will of God and our father to whom be glory forever and ever. Amen. Thank you brother Ron. God bless you all. You're dismissed. I pray that God be with you. Think on those words, brother Ron read for us as you go. God bless you. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. And thank you for the price you paid. Burying all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing grace and thank you for this love Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. You washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness. Embrace worthy is a lamb seated on your throne. [Music] We crown you soon with many crowns. You reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven crucified. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord, and thank you for the price you pay. Buried all my sin and shame. in love. You came and gave amazing grace. And thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness sin embrace. So worthy is the lamb [Music] seated on your throne. We crown you soon with many crowns. You reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb seated on your throne. We crown you soon with many crowns. Reign victorious. [Music] You are high and live. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven. Crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Open our eyes, Lord. [Music] We want to see Jesus [Music] just to reach out and touch him [Music] and say that we love him. [Music] and open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. [Music] Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. [Music] Open our eyes. Lord, we want to see Jesus just to reach out and touch him and say that we love him. [Music] Open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen [Music] and open our eyes. [Music] We want to see Jesus. [Music] This world will try to sisfy that longing in your soul. And you may search this whole world over, but you'll be just as before. And you'll never find true satisfaction. Not until you found the Lord. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart. and make you whole. Oh, he'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven, too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] If you could have the fame and fortune and all the wealth you could obtain yet if you have not priced within you. Your living here would be in vain. For there'll come a time when death shall call you. Your riches cannot help you. Then so come to Jesus for only he can satisfy. And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only he can change your heart and make you whole. [Music] He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven, too. For only Jesus satisfy your soul. [Music] [Music] [Music] Something Something keeps holding me every day. I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. The trials of this life were getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan laid before me this temptation his desire to steal away my faith. But I have found inside the revelation the strength I need to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. And he's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. [Music] He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Something keeps holding me every day. I see him. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, [Music] giving me victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
