################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-13 - Bro. Kenny Phillips Testimony - Kenny Phillips.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-13
Title:   Bro. Kenny Phillips Testimony
Speaker: Kenny Phillips
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Testimonies
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XezsYguQXmM
========================================

through this pill. Protect me by thy power and hear my humble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me leads me safely through the sinking sand. And it is the Christ of Calary. This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me day and night. Oh blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every night through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power and hear my humble praise. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. Keep me that I may be holy. Dine and sing the redemption song. And I will be a soldier. I'll get it as I onward go and daily meet the flow. Oh blessed Jesus hold my hand. Jesus [Music] hold my hand. I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power and hear my humble praise. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I'm kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Now, we're going to pause for a minute. You're going to pray and they're going to sing and I'll try to figure it out. All right. the sun. Lead me safely to a heaven. If the crown of life I won. Oh, I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden friend. There is no other friend of whom I can depend. Oh blessed Jesus hold my hand. Jesus hold my hand. I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power and hear my humble way. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Well, we've only sung that one how many times? All right. All right. It's okay. We just know we want him to hold our hand. Amen. We have a praise here from Sister Melia. She says, "I've been dealing with a coworker that's uh insisted on using Pinesel even after they she was told her not to use it." She says, "It's affected me uh and and given me a headache." Today the problem was resolved by my supervisor. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You know, we all have times and places like that, you know, and instead of getting angry and mad and upset, just commit it to the Lord and he's got a way of doing that. And I found out in the work situation sometimes I'm the one that needed to be straightened out and not the other one. But God knows that. How many knows that to be the truth? Amen. Sometimes that would just say, "Yes, Lord, help us, Lord." Amen. And if you have a need, would raise your hand and say, "Lord, remember me." God knows. God knows it all. So, let's just bow our head as we open. Lord, we thank you this this evening that we can gather in a place, Lord. It's been set aside and Lord, for you to to feel welcome, Lord, and it's not just a place, but it's our attitude. And and Lord, do we make you welcome? And Lord, we want you to just be at be at home here, Lord, and just have your way, Lord, in every part of the service, in the singing, and the worship and hearing the testimony, Lord, and in all the praise, Lord, may you be pleased, Father. Lord, when you are pleased, Lord, and it's a blessing to us, Lord, as your sweetness comes down amongst us, Lord. Lord, any need, any hand that was raised, anybody listening in today that might have a need, Lord, today, would you minister to them as you know how, Lord? Father, in that day that the disciples were were in that room and you had you had passed away. They had seen you crucified. Lord, you just walked in on the room with them and you said, "Peace, be still." Lord, maybe somebody needs to hear that today, Lord. Would you minister to them that way, Lord? In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. It's if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it will quicken your body. Amen. What a promise we have. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. And if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it dwells in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it dwells in you. And it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, let them play as we clap. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body if that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, amen, there is a spirit in you, but let it be the spirit of Christ. That's, you know, he could say to one hanging on the cross, just turn around and look at him and say, "This day you'll be with me in paradise." It doesn't. Sometimes we think I got to do this. I got to get so much. No, just let him dwell in you. That makes it all him. The great emancipator. You know him. Is he close to you? Is he Is he real to you? I know he knows you by name. [Music] Once my heart and soul were fed by the binding chains of sin, [Music] but the great imman set me free to Worship him. It is glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great demanip. That's the song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me. Led me to my father's throne. Oh his glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Blessed be his holy name. He's a great immense angel. That's the song of the redeemed. Put that second verse back up there. But the seeking shepherd found me when I didn't even know that I needed him. He was still looking for me. Let's sing that one more time. Like a lost lamb, I was drifting. [Music] Oh, so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me, led me to my father's home. Oh, it is glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great emancipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Amen. To him be all honor, all glory, and all praise. You know, it's that he would care for us like he cares for us. Speaking with brother Daniel just a little bit there before service when brother Brandham was up on that that mountain up there and the storm came along and God was having such a good time with him, such a time of fellowship. Brother Brandham's going to turn and go back and he says, "Hey, no, speak to that storm." He said, "Cuz I'm having a wonderful time of fellowship with you and I don't want it interrupted." And that promises to each and every one of us. He says, "Just call upon me." You know, and it just sometimes we we'll we'll put it all on somebody. Well, that person did. No, every one of his children he wants to be with and fellowship with. Amen. Amen. It's the life behind the name. I'm a Christian, but what does my life say? It's the life behind the name that makes a demon tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart humble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a man he would live so he could give. Give us a life behind the name. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart humble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a man he would live so he could give us a life behind the name. One more time. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes a proud heart humble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a man he would live so he could give give us a life behind the name. You said I'm a Christian. The life testifies if you're a Christian or not. That doesn't make a Christian doesn't make you unhuman. You're still human. But Christ in us gives us the overcoming power. The one that says, "I'm sorry." The one that says, "It was my fault." And then you can go on with him. Amen. It's the mercy of God that rewrote my life. How many can testify with that? I didn't deserve anything. But he said, "Hey, mercy re my life. Mercy re my love. I should have fallen. My soul cast down. God's mercy rerote my life. Mercy rerote my love. Mercy ree my love. I sure have fallen my soul. Cast down God's mercy reward with arms lifted up in praise. Let's sing that one to him. Mercy rule my love. [Music] Mercy rule my love. My sh have fallen. My soul cast down. God's mercy reun my life. Amen. It was his mercy. Sometimes I look back and I say, "Lord, why why did you why did you you know, I probably should have lost my life then. I should have got in trouble, but your mercy reached down and said, "Now you're my son. You're my daughter." Amen. and I know he has forgiven me. There's no question on the forgiveness of God. The issue is can we receive it? Can we accept it? But Lord, I've got to do this to earn your grace. Lord, I got to do this to No, no, no. He has forgiven you. Amen. He has forave me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. he had for you. Let the sisters sing this. [Music] Okay, brothers, he has for me. My sins have been washed from his memory. By the blood of the lamb of Calary, he forgive. One more time together. He had forgiven me. My sins have been washed by his mey [Music] by the blood of the lamb of Cal for me. Now you have to set it aside. You have to say, "It's been put under the blood. It's not mine anymore. It's been taken away." Amen. And you know when he has forgiven you, you can come into his presence in the presence of Jehovah. in the presence [Music] of Jehovah [Music] God Almighty, prince of peace, [Music] trles van Manage hearts are mened in the presence of [Music] in the presence. [Music] of Jehovah [Music] God Almighty, [Music] Prince of Peace, Trles and Hearts hearts are men [Music] in the present. One more time as you stand. We'll sing it one more time [Music] in the presence [Music] of Jehovah. God Almighty, prince of peace, trles and hearts away. [Music] of the King. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, [Music] Lord, if we could spend an eternity in the presence of the King. That's our desire. Father, may we Lord be in your presence here on earth and then one day soon Lord come into your presence in the fullness and Lord spend an eternity there just praising God and worshiping you. Lord we pray that you'd be with us tonight. May your hand be upon the service. Bless the testimony Lord we pray. Be with us Lord we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. We have a um we have a new policy in church. I wanted to mention it to the congregation. If you are not paying attention, you have to come up and sit in one of these three chairs. You think I'm kidding? We're gonna have a testimony tonight. And uh and brother Jordan, I told sister Shirley when I put them out there, I said, "You have to sit right here." Um we will uh Brother Jordan and I and Brother Kenny Phillips are going to give testimony tonight. We look forward to having you up here, Brother Kenny. A great man of God, someone that has done so much for this church and so much for so many of us. Before we get started, uh, I wanted to say a few things about why these testimonies are important. Brother Aaron talked about brother Brandham up in the mountain and how the storm was spoken away and and brother Brandham God said, "No, no, come come come back up here and won't you walk with me for a while?" Both of my grandfathers were with him up there during that time. Both my grandpa Evans was not too far from him at that moment and then my grandpa Wheeler was down at the bottom of the mountain. Both witnessed that testimony. And let me uh let's No, no service is complete without reading the word of God. So let me let me read out of uh the 24th chapter, the last chapter of the book of Joshua and then say a few words about this before we get into the testimony. Let's start with verse number 29. Joshua chapter 24 verse number 29. And I believe this is exactly what we're doing here today, especially verse number 31. But uh verse number 29 it reads like this. And it came to pass after these things that Joshua the son of Nun the servant of the Lord died being 110 years old. And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnas which is in the mount of Ephraim on the north side of the hill of Gash. Now listen to this. And Israel served the Lord all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the Lord that he had done for Israel. Very telling scripture. Joshua had brought. So, the ones that came out of Egypt with Moses, they all died in the wilderness. They didn't believe strong enough. But there rose up another generation from that group that came out um of Egypt under Moses. They ro they they were raised up under Moses and under Joshua. And they were born in the wilderness. They went over the Jordan River and they went to battle in Canaan's land. And that is who Joshua is talking about here. Who this book of Joshua is talking about is those ones that witnessed these miracles. They're the ones that they may have been a little kid, but they witnessed the mana falling from heaven. They witnessed the quail coming in to the camp and their parents gathering up this these quail. They they they remembered being thirsty in the wilderness and and Moses bringing the water from the rock. These people remembered going up to the Jordan River and the river was swollen and they remember the water drying up and marching over the river and then going up to the to the city of Jericho and marching around that city and then the walls came down. They remembered that. They remembered the sons standing still as they fought the battle. These are the ones that remembered those things. And then those brothers and sisters, they told their children these stories. And then Joshua tells I I mentioned it I believe last Sunday. Joshua says after they went over the the Jordan River, Joshua says, "Pick up these stones and lay them down at this city of Gilgal. And then when your children come back and your children's children come back to these stones, tell them the story of going over the Jordan River, tell them these stories. Can you imagine sitting around and maybe SMA Solomon and Rahab his wife, the general and Joshua's army and this little lady that had her house up on the walls of Jericho. Can you rem can you imagine them with their children around and Rahab telling the story of how she lived on the walls and how powerful these walls were and Solomon saying that yeah we marched around this city seven times and then on the on the seventh day we marched around seven times and we blew the trumpets and we shouted and the walls came down and I led this battle in into this city and we killed man, woman and child. But there up on them up on the wall there was this red rope hanging down and I had been instructed, do not touch that house or you will die, Solomon. Do you understand me? Yes, sir. We won't touch that house. son, that was the house that your mom lived in. That was the house that your grandma lived in. That was the house that your aunts and your uncles lived in was that house. Can you imagine hearing those stories and those are the stories that that here it says that that they passed these stories along. They they they told these stories, this oral tradition for the Jews. They encouraged their children with these stories. I tell stories about my grandfather, both of my grandfathers, about how Brother Brandham and the great miracles that went on and and the the prayer lines and and the discernment and and the seven church ages on the wall. And I I reiterate these stories that were told to me by my parents who were there. And I've told my children and I want my children, Daniel and Meline, I want them to tell stories to their children about this church about this is what happened. This is who your grandpa was. This these are the things that happened in the church that that we move back home to Tucson and the miracles that happened there. That's what I want my children to tell their children and their children to tell their children. I don't want these miracles to stop. I want them to continue on. Can you imagine this the the testimonies that were told? Maybe they had a group like this and they had maybe uh one of Joshua's generals and and his his wife and and maybe the the priests in the church and they were interviewing and and the children were listening and it gave them strength. But there was a time that those people died out and the generations after them, they didn't want to serve God anymore. They didn't care about these testimonies about about these stories from maybe a couple generations ago when Joshua, this great prophet, had done these great things. They didn't really care about those things anymore. There was too much in the world going on now that it wasn't important to them. And it says here, "And Israel served the Lord all the days of Joshua and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua and which had known all the works of the Lord that he had done for for Israel. We are living in that generation now where we see and it's not just brother Brandham. It is this revival that happened. It started in Isuza Street with the with the Pentecostal revival and it went on and and brother Brandham was just he was the most powerful of all of them. But people were praying all night. What a foreign thing today. What what a strange thing. They weren't back then. They didn't even have a television. And we heard we've heard brother Brandham and and really all of the old ministers back in the 40s and 50s and 60s preaching against this thing called a television. If they would have known what it led to and what it is today when it's not coming home from school and spending a couple hours with your family watching something that isn't so bad. They were preaching against that. Now it's all day long looking at things that who knows what. Ungodly things. one thing after the next after the next. And there was a generation with Joshua after Joshua, they simply didn't care. And they didn't want God anymore. They didn't think he was important. Maybe that we are so scientific now and and we are so understanding now that those things, you know, they really didn't happen. They they they really weren't true. And there's still those there now that are alive now that says, "No, they happened. They were true. I was there." And the same with Joshua. There were those that said, "No, I was there when that river dried up. I was there when the walls of Jericho, and it's a cursed city now, but I was there when that was a great city, and those walls fell down. I was there when that sun I was fighting the battle when that sun was going down and we were routing the enemy and and we knew that if they just got into the woods and they just got away and darkness fell that they would regroup and come against us and I was there when Joshua looked and that sun stood still and he commanded it you don't move and it didn't move and they routed the armies. There were those that tell these stories that says, "I was there. I don't care what you say. I don't care how you can prove it's not true. It doesn't matter. I was there." And that's what I grew up with. And that's what many of us grew up hearing those stories. And we have an opportunity today. And the most important thing that we're going to hear to me today, Brother Phillips, is not necessarily the miracles, not necessarily the meetings, but the thing that I have heard from your testimony that you told me is the sincerity of your heart and the praying and all the time that used to be spent in the things of God and the things that and those things just simply are almost a thing of the pass now in these days. So, I'm looking forward to hearing this testimony. I've been excited all day. Brother I I was twisting brother Jordan's arm and I was saying you twist his arm and do anything you can to get him up here because I want to hear it because I knew that it would be a blessing to everyone here and everyone that's online. So, Brother Jordan, if you could come and brother Philip will uh Brother Jordan and I will will sit on either side. I'm hoping that um Brother Jordan knows the testimony, so he'll be prompting um Brother Phillips, but we got to talking, Brother Phillips, Brother Kenny and I a couple days ago, and he didn't need any prompting. He was firm with his testimony and I could tell that this brother just loves the Lord with all of his heart. So, Brother Kenny Phillips, if you don't know him, he is Brother Jordan's grandpa. Sister Rachel's dad. And uh how long have you been here, Brother Phillips? How long have you been part of this church? You moved here in January of 66 to 29th, just um month after brother Ben passed away. And we would have come quicker, but we were working to try to save enough money to travel on. And we got here. I remember Donna telling me, um, we can rent. We went and looked at the house. She said, we can rent this if it's don't exceed 105 because that's what we was paying over there. 105,000. Yeah. And so Mr. Graph, he turned around and asked him, "How much would you like to have?" He said, "At least 105." And that was okay. You know, that was the start of it back in ' 66 and I met a lot of wonderful people in that time. I know brother Evans is talking about his grandpa's and he whe you know it or not, he's royal blood not just from the Abraham from this life but he's in the other life too. But I knew brother I knew brother um Evans had some wonderful talks with him setting I was doing the job up behind the lakes up there for your dad for Wayne and I was pouring a lot of concrete we building bridges and that brother Evans come up every day and he'd sit up under oak tree and I'd go up spend an hour with him and just wonderful testimonies and then brother Wheeler just talking to him through time it just had such wonderful testimonies and God gave me the privilege to meet a lot of God's people and brother Connley brother Connley told me one time he said you know he said brother Bam told him you need to pray every night Lord forgive me my sins sins and forgive me of the things I did. I don't know I did before you go to bed. And that was it's always been with me from then. And I'm very nervous you guys. So forgive me. Uh so I had I knew brother Norman and and brother Sman and and they were wonderful people. They had some wonderful testimonies of what happened in their life. And I'm not I hope I get this straight to you. I I know that they enjoyed being around brother Brandham. And I've often wondered just what you was talking about while ago, those that around Joshua, were they close? Did they really realize what they were looking at or they just went over them? But these brothers had wonderful testimonies and God let me know them lot. I built a house for brother Hickerson and just was able to talk to a lot of God's wonderful people. I've brother Brandham I was in about maybe eight to 10 meetings around vice tar in Oakland and uh in LA but I heard what he preached but in the first pool and second pool it was throwing the line out to catch the fish you know and the third pool's really the word of God. And so the uh I enjoyed the healings and stuff and I guess that's what I was looking at. And then now I go back and hear that same tape. I kind of doubt myself was I there or not because there's so much more in it, you know. And so and I've heard tapes, you know, from that time on. in Oakland. I went there and when I was about just 17, maybe 18, right close to there. And uh I went to brother B meetings and I knew he was a prophet. And from that time up to about 61, I realized he I still believed he was a prophet, but I didn't realize what a word prophet was. And it came and it I looked at it no different than Moses and the others. God chose a man to get us back on what Apostle Paul said. And you'll never find nothing in brother Brown's message that he didn't bring it from the Bible. He really pushed to go back to the Bible to read it and to pray and and I think very true. But you can't really keep a straight path unless you consider what he said because there's I don't know how many thousands of churches and they all claim to believe and go back to the Bible but yet some reason it's not getting to them. They didn't see what was for their hour. The same as brother Evans said the other day Sunday there when he was talking about Jesus and in the priests brother Ram said was righteous people good people and they wanted to do what Moses told them to do and they couldn't see the disposition changing and and Jesus you know and John the Baptist kind of changed over then the apostles received the Holy Ghost and things changed. So that's kind of where I stand on what I really believe. And I came to the Lord in when I was 17 in January of January 26, 1954. So it's been what 70 71 years. And I had 11 nights I went to the altar seeking the Lord for um the baptism of the Holy Ghost back under Pentecostal time. And then brother Lex Roberts to I don't know if any y'all know him when he was here a few but his dad brother Roberts baptized me in in February the 28th of 1954 and we um but his dad was a man that really a Pentecostal one. He was born 1800 sometime. I don't know just how old up and they beat him with that and rocks and left him for dead and he survived it and so he was a real man of God. But in the way I went came to the Lord back then I started seeking for the Holy Ghost and took me 11 nights to say what I should have said the first night and I I didn't and I felt God's presence every night I was praying. I remember once I thought somebody was around me, had their hands up and I could feel the heat from their hands and all and then found out there was nobody there, you know, just and uh so the Lord always moved in and helped me help me, you know, did wonderful things during those 11 nights of seeking. But when I finally come to the point of receiving the Holy Ghost, I said, "Lord," I said, I remember it very clearly. I did all I can do. I told you I'd live for you. I'd believe your word. Whatever you showed me, I'd believe it. And I'll live it, Lord. And and uh I've did it all that I can do. And I want you to help me. And I received the Holy Ghost right then. Thank you, Lord. But I had to come to a place that I totally surrendered myself to the Lord. You know, I just uh believe that was when I the Lord really spoke and we sought for tongues back then. And I did speak in tongues in about 45 minutes to an hour. I couldn't everything come out. I couldn't control it. And my aunt Rosie, I remember her. She's up in age, old grandma like, you know, with the dress and the aprons and whatever she wore. But she uh come and ask me a question. And I would tell her, you know, but she couldn't understand me. And she'd just dance around in a circle and come back and she said, "Now tell me this." you know, then here she'd go again, you know, and I guess I got home for just a little while at home and then I could just seemed like my tongue swelling went out of it, whatever it was, and I I could uh talk to people, but that was my experience receiving the Holy Ghost. Amen. I got I got hurt in high school playing football and I lost my sense of balance and I spent about six months in bed and everything spun so fast kind of a diagonal that I couldn't walk when I went like the rest of me where I'd have to hold the walls or somebody would have to help me. I couldn't couldn't make it. And then I' if I laid on the bed and just turn my head a certain way, it quit. But I couldn't turn my eyes or turn my head very fast. And I was taking 21 pills. I know back then. And three of them was enough for an adult to where I could even walk. And I got where I go to school, but it was all in slow motion. I couldn't turn fast, you know. I couldn't do anything. But the first night I went to the altar of the Lord instantly. I never have been bothered with it again. It's just what the Lord did for me. I just thank the Lord and that through time I've received a lot of instant healing from the Lord. And there've been some lingered for a while, but the Lord's always been good to me. and and I'm made a lot of mistakes in life and God forgave me. But yet I never one time thought about turning back. I'd always and and I know I know that if you God's able to forgive you of anything and but yet you got to come to it believing that he will do it and he's able to do it. And that's the same way receiving healing or the Holy Ghost strengthening. You got to realize he died for me even though you'll never be worthy. We're only going to make it by his grace that we're going to make it in. And that's uh sort of part of it. I through the time of work and when I came to Tucson, there was a whole lot of brothers out of work and the church down there was a full church once we they got going and I worked I started my own company and I I had record of over a hundred brothers I worked people that went to church and and brother George Gladwell and brother Roberts uh worked for me. Ben Brian worked with me and I worked quite a bit with Ben. And it was just the Lord helped me and was able to hire a lot of them. And there were times that Friday night I didn't have the payroll, but I would write out the checks, give it to them. By Monday morning, I had the funds to cover it. You know, this the Lord helping Thursday in uh California, you told or when you were there and you first got saved, you would tell us a story about you going into the corn fields and praying. Well, I always went out in the field at night, brother, um, in his alpha alpha field and I' I'd go out there and pray. I remember the moon and the stars and and I was probably 18 or getting close to 19 then. And I'd look up at it and I said, "Lord, somewhere there's a a lady, a young girl that you've raised. Just help me to meet her." And let her be full of the Holy Ghost. And God did do that. I married an angel. Really? Go ahead. The other story I was thinking you could share was when you were you were talking the last couple days or with your sister and your brother about Lily Qualls, your oldest older sister and your mom and your other sister in brother Brandham's meetings. Yeah, they Lily was playing the piano for brother Brandham and she told brother Billy uh Paul to have brother Brandham pray for her and so he prayed for a whole prayer line and everybody and he she thought he was leaving the platform and he was and then he just spun around. He said, "Uh, you for I mean you thought that I forgot about you, but I didn't." And she got what she needed. And then what he was talking my sister Lily in Oakland, Brother called her out and told her we just changed address. We didn't move that they came through and changed addresses two days before. And when he told her where she lived, he gave the right address. And and so mom and my sister Lorraine uh they were in the meeting in Bakersville. Brother Brandon was praying for different ones down there and he prayed for mom and uh and the next night they come back and the first one they prayed for is Lorraine. He just sort of like he picked up and went on you know that was a big blessing too. So I think there was um one thing a little detail I'll share there. The first meetings you were in Oakland. Yeah. Dad's dad my grandpa on the other side. So this is my grandpa on my mom's side. my grandpa on my dad's side with brother Johnson had dad would know this maybe better but brother Johnson had sponsored those meetings in Oakland that his family was going to there in Oakland so it was kind of interesting they were in the same services but didn't know each other for many years till years later um there was I was trying to think if there was one other story there you had shared oh uncle Bud was going down and your your younger brother there to the la was it the second the last service brother for the Brandham's there leadership was it coina I believe it was that leadership yeah and we started to go down and I and we and we'd been we lived in Moore Park not was right at the edge of LA but you start to 17 18 million people you can look a long ways to find we wouldn't sure where we were going, the address. I know we'd been down to the uh downtown there to the hotel that better preached from and the uh the hall they preached there too and and I but we started and got about an hour away from home and getting clo you know getting down maybe 45 minutes but I Don and I got to talking and we decided we really didn't know where we were going and we wouldn't probably we never found the place and we were running late to get there anyway. And so I told her, I said, "Well," I said, "We get the tapes and and the word is always number one." And and I felt something move into the car. Can you imagine going to church but not knowing where the service was? So you drive an hour and then trying to find think about that's where you're going to go. We barely go to church and we know what time it is and where it is, but you know, wanting to go to service. Yeah. I think that's all the main ones I was thinking of today. Did you have anything else, grandpa or mom, you thought he should share? No, it one thing I just thinking of through time the Lord has helped me and I I worked run a job for a guy in uh Gailsburg. That's how come we moved to Gellsburg, Illinois. And so I run his work for 25 years. I built for him before nursing homes and things. Then and Fred passed away in the office. So I started doing his running it for him. And we do from one to seven big buildings a year. And just real busy. And there was two guys I was working with. wonder if you know I got along fine with them but they were telling Don things that it wasn't true you know about me or anything and I didn't know where to go in front or not and I was walking across the driveway and and something just spoke to me inside it wasn't an audible voice but it it was real voice inside of me said you haven't seen me see you haven't seen me at battle yet? And I said, "Yes, Lord." In two weeks they were both both fired, testimony sister Ameilia gave earlier about the pine saw. And I prayed for him. I didn't have nothing against them. And I pray that I become like brother Brandham. You couldn't tell my enemies from my friends. And never never draw lines and draw people out because you don't I'm just telling you what I do now. And I I do believe you know I I think of brother Brandham and some of the brothers call them the children out there Rick Edetas and Ricky's or whatever he called it Elvis's. But anyway, the Lord told him not to do that because some of those children was his seed. And so you may be saying something about somebody next to you that don't really, you know, live a a good life, you know, that you think cuz everybody's right in their own eyes and they want everybody to see it like they do. But you can't be that way. you got to recognize and and and honor what they do believe. You know, you can't just condemn anyone over it. And I So I always that's kind of my standard. And I know in the message when you start drawing lines, you're actually they build little clicks of their own and they come up with an organizational spirit, you know. And I I and I can't really say that about them. But the all the things from brother Brandham and their traditions and then the what they believe and people against you, we draw you out. You know, they're not part of it. And so I just uh I never was that way. Everybody's pray. I've got 18 grandkids and some of my you know the ones that's married the husbands too and then I got about maybe 21 23 great grandkids and all of them are living for the Lord that I know of. And that's that's my middle daughter couldn't have children. She adopted one boy and he uh not he's not living for the Lord but after she adopted them then it wasn't too long she's had some of her own four of them and then uh Martin when he comes over to visit them if he's got a girlfriend he makes her wear a dress he won't let her come and they give him money for any reason, he won't let him spend it on anything like cigarettes or drinks or anything like that. It's holy money to him. And I and he really honors his mom and dad, you know, adopted ones. And so I think the Lord will reward him for that down the road. Share what the Lord did for you this past November or December. this past November or December, what was it the Lord did for you with your heart? Share that. Oh, yeah. In November, I was fixing to fly out here. I think it's 17th of of November last year. I was uh it was a Saturday night, the next morning, Sunday, was supposed to fly to Tucson. And it was about 7 o'clock. And I was telling my son-in-law and brother uh Sanger and David Sanger, I hope some of y'all probably know him, pastor there. He's uh and there was two other brothers there. And I was telling them how to that I would put in a sopet and other things and and and John looked at me and he said, "Uh, what you know," he said, "Do you feel all right?" And I said, "No. And that's all I remember. And they caught me with a slumping and my uh he couldn't get a pulse or anything. And amulets were coming and then I get uh next thing I remember there was lights kind of flashing in there and you know it just be real bright then kind of just fade away then real bright and go away. you know, and that's the only thing I remember when I was there. And I uh they said, "My eyes are rolling back and when you die, all your bowels move too." And all that happened. And then I heard John in the distance say, that's my son-in-law say that uh I can't get a pulse. And then a little bit I got maybe closer to him or whatever. But anyway, I heard him say, "I can't get a pulse." I said, "It's in my ears." And so he felt up in here and felt a little bit of a pulse. And my heart was going 250 times a minute, you know, and it's the surgeon. And so they took me to the ER there and the doctor said he said, you know, he came and I I was in and out of it, but I remember him saying, I don't know if I can save you, but I'll try. And they just, you know, expecting me to not make it. And then they I went out and they gave me a shock treatment. was out and put me in intensive care and then put a pacemaker and a fibrillator in me and and I've been doing good ever since. But I'm very weak. I I could walk before all that happened. But what really struck me more than anything, I didn't have time to say, "Lord, forgive me." I all I said, "No, I'm not." And and that was it. I don't remember. and I didn't have time to do anything. So, it kind of changed me when I got where I could get around out of the hospital. uh my perspective of different things, getting my house in order, doing things that would make it easy on Donna if something happened to me, you know, and it's just uh so I still look at it that God gave me more time for some reason and I just uh I thank the Lord for it. And I I know I have three daughters and all three of them waits on us. If we go, we can't hardly do anything. They're right there to help us. Yeah. And so they fix great meals, too. So, you uh you said you moved here in 1966. What made you make the decision to move to Tucson? Well, we were planning for a year since he preached the choosing of the bride. Yeah. We down in LA area where we were and and we started planning on moving, but we couldn't come up with enough money to move with. And so I uh took redoing a lot of VA and FHA remodels when people go bankrupt in them and clean them, fix them all up before they resell. And on the sideline after we'd work, Don and I'd work sometimes at midnight washing, you know, doing things there. The stoves would be so dirty that have soak them in the bathtub. This is things. But but we made enough money and like I said, we barely had enough to drive to Tucson and had about all we had is $105 to pay for rent. And then the Lord worked it out perfect. So you were in that service and choosing a bride. I believe brother Brandon he preached at the end about three different sermons you know different nights there I think it was. And that's when he said, uh, Capernium, thou callst thou, thyself, the city of the angels. Yes. Yeah. And and you remember that. And that's what Well, it I do, but a lot of times that stuff don't register with you until later. Yeah. And and I know brother M talked about his message going into different languages and books around the world. So they la they asked Leo and Jean how many places are translating and doing this? They said I don't know of none. We just sent two tapes to Germany is all I know you know. Yeah. And so I, brother Brandham, a lot of his message is for us right now. And you can't uh because now we're translating a lot, printing a lot of books, trying to they got the agapa tablet and brother Bisco has the hub and so things are going around the world pretty well. Yeah. When when brother Brandham, by the way, for the people that listen to tapes, brother Brandham said many times that these tapes are translated and they go around the world. And the fact is when he said that, there were no tapes going around the world. And there were no tapes being translated. Yeah. There was a few being sent, I think a couple being sent to Germany. And um brother I know this because I was friends with brother Sauman who had the the franchise on the tapes and brother Maguire and both of them told me personally we didn't send any tapes overseas with the exception of Germany and I think brother Maguire said he sent he remembered sending I think one package to South Africa and that was it and they weren't translated but Now they're translated into I believe when I left Jeffersonville it was 73 different languages and every nation on earth had been sent brother Brandham's message. Yeah. You know brother brother Ben Bryan worked with me and we built the first offices that brother Borders had really and I knew I was up to his house. He printed the first book in a garage he had there. Then then on sixth street he opened got a building and it actually was the very minute that brother Brandham like 649 whatever it was uh when brother Brandham passed away and that address was the same as he passed. And so we got it up and they got a lot of printing and going and different things. I'd go down there at night and run their presses and staplers and whatever they need to make it work and eventually over time he moved to JF. Do you know who he's talking about when he said brother Borders? So brother Borders was brother Brandham's campaign manager. And after brother Brandham passed away, brother Borders uh started he worked with brother Billy Paul in starting um William Brandon Evangelistic Association and that was actually that didn't turn into but brother Borders started spoken word publications. Yes. Spoken word um printed brother Brandham's sermons and I don't know if they did much translating but they they did a lot of printing and sending the sermons around the world. Then in 1981, brother Joseph Brandom um started doing the duplications of the audio. Sam Borders is You're going to like this story. So you knew Brother Borders pretty well. Oh yeah. You knew he liked to cut up. Yeah. Yeah. He he had a good sense of humor. Well, Sam Borders, I was Sam's supervisor in Jeffersonville. Sam told me a story. Well, he gave a testimony. We're down in I don't know, I think it was southern Mexico or Peru, somewhere in Latin America. And Sam gave the testimony that his mother, Did you know Sister Helen? Oh, yeah. Sis, Sister Helen was she was in the the front row and it could have been in Coina, I'm not sure. It was somewhere in California. Sister Helen was sitting in the front row and she wanted a baby and she was barren. she couldn't have children. And um brother Brandon was going through the discernment and he said he went to the first person now you brother or sister you have this problem and this and this and then you sister you have this problem and this and this and then he gets to sister Helen and he skips her and he goes to the next person and he goes on and on. So after the after the meeting, brother Brandham, brother Borders, Sister Helen and some others they were having having dinner and brother Brandham tells sister Helen he he said sister Helen he said um when I was under discernment and he said you notice I skipped you and she said yes brother Brandham I noticed that. He said, "Sister Helen, you were praying for a baby." And and she said, "Yeah." And Brother Brandham Yeah. already knew it. But he said he said, "You were praying praying for a baby." And and he said, "Sister Helen," she he said, "I didn't see a baby." And Sister Helen says, and you know, Sister Helen, she said, "Well, Brother Brandham, I'm gonna have one anyways." And he said, he said, "You just keep that. You just keep that attitude. Yeah. So, a little while later, they adopted a son and and and his name is Stephen. I don't know if you ever met Stephen. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, they adopted a little boy and his name was Stephen. And they were holding him. They brought him to Brother Brandham to be dedicated. And brother Brandham dedicated Stephen. And he said, "Sister Helen," he said, "now that you've adopted a baby, now you probably have one." And brother Sam was given that testimony and he said, "So I'm probably." And when he told me that, I couldn't help it. I came up and I said, "That's a good name for him. He's probably going to be to work on time. He's probably going to get his work done, but not guaranteed." But yeah, that was Brother Sam Borders. Yeah. Still good friends with him, right? Right. When brother Brandon before or brother Borders passed away, he lost all his limb nodes, you know, and and so he couldn't be around people very much. And so I him and I we bought some ground back there where he Sister Helen lives now. And he knew he was going to die. And so I went up and met with him and we decided I they couldn't get to the back acres unless they drive through right next to his house, but I I had the barn and some other things there. And I so I sold it and he uh then they was able to sell that in the back. And he said, "I want some for sister Helen and the children to live in before I'm gone." And that's what the purpose and I helped him do that there. I'll tell I'll tell brother Sam that. Yeah. Yesterday you said something to me about what you thought your calling or your purpose was. Do you remember that? Well, I think everybody's born with a a gift. And I think it depends where you use it for the Lord. You can be a singer. You can sing and use it for worldly things like Elvis Presley did the excellent singer with good voices. uh but no you know and some has the gift of preaching and they a leadership uh you know you just you all have a a purpose and I felt I can't sing I can't carune and my dad teach music and my sisters all sung and I I couldn't even do nothing but but But I felt my calling was just work and support the missionaries and the ministers and and those that has that gift. And so I figured, well, somebody's got to support them. So Lord, let me be me. And I always thought of in Isaiah, you know, where he was talking about putting that cif of fire upon his lips and and wiped away his iniquity. And I pray that quite a bit. Lord, just put that cifier on my lips and wipe away my iniquity and then let me be set there for a service for you. Whatever you need, here I am. And that's the way I always looked at that. And I I just some of us maybe just a housewife and sometime you move to an area and maybe there's only one person you'll testify to then you might move on or there may be a hundred you testify to but your life shines in around and sometime people start asking questions. I never went up to somebody and and started, you know, trying to preach to them or anything, but they get asking questions and I'll tell them and even about brother Brandham, I always center and and say, "Oh, brother Brandham said this. Brother Bham said that uh you always go back to the Bible and use it." But then when you really want a full understanding of it, then you go to the message and make sure that you're saying what Apostle Paul said. And like I said about other churches, you won't, you know, there's 900 and some organizations, you know, when brother Ben Ren was here in thousands of churches, and we know that they're not going to be a lot of those being the bride and the remnant. And I I really my feelings just like he's talking about Jesus if you don't accept the change in your life and and I think of Luther and Wesley and sanctification justification what happened to the people that wouldn't receive that you know and and here brother Bram come along with his message and like it was in Moses it's a oneman message and I but God has prophets and brother Brandham from a child he had visions and different things that happened to him and he did in time use it for the Lord. He could have did it and made a lot of money just telling people what about their lives, you know, but he God gave him that desire and he'd go away and pray for days and fast and and he always you hear him talk I think he if I remember right he fasted about three days before a big meeting and when he's praying for the sick in discernment it's a different anointing than just preaching, you know, and he says that a lot of places too. And then there's a few places and I feel that about even brother Evans uh God uses his voice. He said God it's not me. It's you know he's using my voice or Yeah. And and I think one or two, three words from God means more than you can read out of the Bible any day, you know. And it just when that anointing is there, the Lord will take care of it. Amen. And that's it. Amen. Amen. What uh Phillips what you've been very successful raising family and keeping the Lord Jesus in the center of your life and and now you you look at your children and your children's children. It's it's been a success story, your family. Yeah. Can you give us some advice on how we can do the same? I pray a lot for the grandchildren. I sometime I call all their names out. It helps me remember who they are and and but but that you know I I want the Lord to move in their lives. And I know I always gave the young married when they granddaughters and stuff. I tell them you got to work on your marriage every day. You can't take it for granted. You got to do just get up in the morning, think of something. I'm going to do this for her today or him just so you know you keep that love going or it will die over time. Sweetheart, can you write that down? I'm just kidding. You want this tablet? But but I think it's the same way with the Lord. You got to work on your spiritual every day. You can't just take it for granted that the Lord saved me. I got the Holy Ghost. You know, you got to spend time talking to him. You got to spend time reading the Bible if if you want to be close to the Lord. And I just never could picture heaven, me being there and my grandkids, my daughters or anything wasn't there. Amen. I just So I hope I'm like the jailer. I believe for them, you know. I just Yeah. Amen. You know, it's u that's sort of and I tell them if you get upset, are you going to hold a grudge 5 minutes, 2 hours, 3 days, two weeks? Yeah. You I told them you need to be able to walk into a bedroom and pray a little bit, come right back out and say, "Honey, you want to go shopping or something?" You know, and amen. I remember one of my granddaughters said, "Grandpa, write it down. Brother Jordan looked at me says, "You going to write that down?" The one come back there. She said, "But grandpa, I hadn't come to that yet cuz she couldn't forgive and you know, she back ready to whip me over a little bit or something." But that's I truly believe that. And it and it don't do no good to be upset at anybody and carry a grudge if they're your neighbor or your friends. And even if they do things against you, be like brother Brandham that your own family can't tell your friends from your enemies. And I think it's wonderful. Grandpa was very one of the things that was very impactful to me. Grandpa and grandma was grandpa would tell us as little children. He says, "I'm praying for you and I'm praying for your spouse." And I remember this is from a very young age. And so so much of that, you know, us kids knowing that the children that the ones we've married has was they were praying for them before maybe even they were born. And that was that meant a lot. The other thing grandpa did was he talked about work, but he probably wouldn't say this, but he's one of the hardest workers I've ever met. And his education isn't very good. He'll learn someday. Do what? You're it might change. He he would struggle to read. Um, and grandma would read him on tape the the general contracting manuals so he could pass the tests and years later when he was working for Mr. Fees who was a multi multi-millionaire there. We would go to the office there and they would be bringing checks to grandpa to endorse multiple millions of dollars and the bankers would be calling him and saying we're going to work on this project and Mr. Vikes would have the planes come in and take grandpa places and they would land in a town and the mayor would come out and the city council would come out. They would meet grandpa at the run at the plane there with the red carpet and his boss is flying the plane and grandpa would say no it's it's the man flying the plane that you want to treat well. But Mr. Fikes would really depend on grandpa wouldn't buy any land anywhere and they were in multiple states across the United States and and uh just the Lord really blessed him in his job and his work and finances and just being diligent and his desire was to see missionaries and ministers and support the printing and the the the transcription of the message. Grandma would spend days, you know, they would spend time, he just said, at night, you know, helping with the printing or transcribing sermons when everything was done very manual. Now it you could probably much probably drop all the audio files into a computer and it would do it in 10 minutes. But this was back in the day where every word and every comma, everything had to be typed out by hand with typewriters. And so grandpa would spend quite a bit of the money that they would get a huge percentage and give it to voice of God, brother Biscll, to brother Mamalus to different ones and would support the works. It wasn't about any particular ministry or or a particular work, but he would just wanted to see the message and and people receive the Holy Ghost and be saved. And so that was always a big impact to us children, grandchildren growing up. At least for me it was well I worked uh before brother Joseph got started the year before there was five ministers that was running the voice of God at the time and and so brother Momus wanted to put print the books and put them in I can't say the word chronological order and uh Um, and so we started working on them and putting them in there. So, we did the whole uh message and I worked out with brother Bisco to put it on the hub and we had the freeword.com. Randy Snow and I did and he wanted a hub for different languages like in the mall you can go in there you want Chinese or something you just press a button and it comes out in Chinese. That's what started it. And then now they've translated different language a lot in Africa, a lot almost all of China the books and it's just uh they wanted to print a Bible in China because they had that Union Bible that they left a lot of things out of it. So, I got I don't know seven or eight Bibles from the voice of God of Brother Brandon that he used and and I sent them over to Brother Murphy and them and they took them apart and give them to different people to translate and then they put the Union Bible on one page and the other one over here and showed what the Union Bible left out. and they couldn't hardly print enough of them. They everybody was want them. Then China come in and kind of blocked a lot of it. And they uh and some of the brothers had churches over there and all had to go to prison. And so I understand through them now and you don't realize how privileged you are to come here, but they they set a table like they're going to eat lunch or something. and they'll eat maybe half of it and they'll get up and have the services and they got people spotting down the road and they let them know that the police are coming or they whatever they for to and so they come to the house and they're all sitting back at the table eating, you know, again. So that's how they do and then some of the brothers finally get caught some way and go to prison for three or seven years or something like that. So it's it's a privilege to be able to come and worship and pray all you want. It's uh and you got a pastor here would teach you proper. He's really I tell Don he's actually a theologian in the Bible. I um I worked a little bit with that brother. I think he's in Shenzen in China. And they would have little groups meet like this and spies come in and infiltrate their um congregation. Yeah, that's it. and uh a Christian the very foundation of Christianity is to bring other people in. So a very very difficult situation and Chinese government knows this and yeah they would send in spies and uh threaten and come in and raid the the churches and threaten the women, threaten the men. Um, we are, like you said, brother, we are blessed to live in this country. Sure. China actually prints more Bibles than anybody in the world, but you they won't are not able to sell them to China. They got to ship them out, right? And they're going to try to smuggle them back, you know. Yeah. It's true. Yeah. Because they have the cheap printing. I've done it. They have the cheap printing presses. We had the Bible. We would have the Bibles printed overseas, but everything's locked and and and shipped back to us. And the people of China, they can't have their own Bibles. Yeah. They Well, they have a Bible, but it's that one that you were talking about, the Union Bible. Yeah. And it is approved by the government. And you can imagine how a communist government writes a Bible. Yeah. It's not the same. It's about the government. And I know that the uh internet's really helped a lot because they can print those that's got little printers. They can print books over Russia, China, wherever they're not able to. They've got a little printer hidden back in closet somewhere. And they they print out a lot of books for their congregation or, you know, when they're reading them and then some way they hide them from, you know, other uh to try to get through time with somebody raids their house or something. Uh, and it's like brother Evan said, they you have people come in like they're accepting your message and all they're infiltrating in into the service. Then they go tell the authorities all about what they do and and then they kindly they raid and they it happened similar in Germany when Germany was hiding some of the uh Jews people would come in and infiltrate then they'd find that they were hiding them in the attic or different places back then. And I I say about China and and even about the message, it don't matter who prints it, if it's uh they don't change it. Uh I uh you know, I' I'd like to see all Christian people do those things, but truly you you don't find that in and not everybody it works with you. everybody uh in any place that they work on books and tapes and stuff, they they got believers and unbelievers and then they got the real genuine dedicated people and and you can't I I I know back to drawing clicks and lines and drawing people out of your little you know what you believe and that's wrong. And I uh and I just I I like to see people fellowship and the ones that don't get to fellowship with other people, I think they're starving for fellowship. Yeah. And it just so I know it's a real privilege for us and we don't realize what we're going through right now, how privileged we are until someday they close things down and you know maybe the I don't know Catholic church or somebody take over and you have to do their Bible, you have to do different things and whatever way it is they're going to wind killing all the remnant according to brother Brandham and all the same way with that 144,000 Jews. But but it's uh you can't imagine people turning in just a year or two to something and you know that that evil in that way. with it. When the time comes, it's going to be it's not something it's going to linger on for 20 years. It's going to be off before you know it. And so I I just like to see people that they're faithful about coming to church. You have to just honor people that he comes and fellowship and just be a friend to everybody. Amen. Pray for them. They're all struggling just like you. And and it's uh and that's where you got to keep a praying, keep reading your Bible, keep going to church to have that fellowship with everybody in order to make it. Amen. Amen. You appreciate brother Kenny. [Applause] Um, you know, we think about these gallant men and women that do all this work for the Lord and they risk their lives. And I've met quite a few in Iran, um, brothers from China and different countries that they're perfectly willing to give their life to give the gospel to their fellow countrymen. But we should never forget, never forget the man and woman that are standing behind these people that are risking their lives and making it to where they can do it and enabling them to bring the gospel to these countries. people like sister Donna, brother brother Kenny and and they are just as responsible for someone I forgot my Bible for someone giving a Bible to a a communist person or a fascist person as the as as the person that actually hands it to them, those people that are are behind them. the uh we the musicians can come and we'll close. The thing that meant the most I know everybody probably had a favorite thing tonight. The thing that brother Kenny said that meant the most to me was he said that he was talking about husband and wife and he said that you have to work on your marriage every day and it's true but then he said and the same with your walk with the Lord you have got to work on it every day that's being a Christian and friends it's not easy. Work on that walk with the Lord every day of your life because it is vital. It is the most important thing that you can do. And he's a man of God. You can feel it, isn't it? Doesn't it just feel good to hear brother Kenny talk? And you can tell that man's a Christian. And they're so rare today a Christian is. But I think tonight we met a Christian. Amen. With the brothers, Aaron asked me to share. Uh, brother Aaron, you you come. I'll I'll make it quick. Brother Erin asked me to share that there was a there was a a a girl that she wasn't living right and she had left a church and it was a church in the Midwest and she had left that church and just fallen into pretty bad sin. Pretty bad. And there was a funeral and uh her mom I believe one of her family asked her to go to the funeral and she didn't want to go. She didn't want to be around all those church people but they talked her into going and she came to the funeral and I believe God bless you sister welcome. and she broke down right there. The love that that man showed for her when she walked in, no matter what she looked like, no matter what she represented, and she gave her heart to the Lord Jesus. And that was years. And I was still in touch with her when I left Jeffersonville. And she was still serving the Lord. still standing for God. But it was because of somebody like brother Kenny, somebody like Sister Hope, somebody like Sister um any of you, Sister Leuna, sister, any of you, all sister Heather, brother Lyall, it doesn't matter what someone looks like, you never know if that is a child of God or not. You welcome that person. And it was just a kind word that change that changed their lives. Let's all stay. [Music] There's no other [Music] we can turn to. Who can help us face another day? Gentle shepher come and lead us. For we need for strength from there's no other. There's no other we can turn to. Who can help us face another? Gentle shepher, come and lead us. For we need you to help us find a way. [Music] And when we call him like that, then listen to him and do what he tells you. Hey, you know, your child comes to dad. Can I do this? Can we do this? You show it to him and then they go do something different and it doesn't come out. But when he instructs you, and I sure appreciate it, Brother Kenny. Yes. Amen. Just just laying it out like it was. I've known them for some time now, and I don't I don't feel I deserve to be treated as nice as he's treated me. That's right. He just makes you feel comfortable just to be around him. That's a spirit of Christ in somebody. So, let's do I know I know we we don't really like this song very much in this church. Psalms 34. I love that song. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radar. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. His form and cry. And the Lord heard me. enemy. He the son of God surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Together, oh glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good when blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye say he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together and glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense right. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our inense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense right. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our inense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, magnify the Lord with me. [Music] by the Lord with me. Come exor his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he. He'll give you everything. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. Lord bless you tonight. I don't have another song, so just play the Keep playing that one. Let's have Brother Arie closer. Brother Arie. Brother Arie, would you come up and close in prayer? Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] I was thinking about how God answered prayer. Somebody brought up to me that Jesus answers the prayers of those demons want to go in the pigs, you know, and answered Cain's prayer and wicked Ahab's prayer. So, how much more should you and I be able to humble ourselves and ask something important to you, but make sure it's a good thing, you know? So Lord, we just ask you to help us to pray right and do everything right. We want to be your friend like Abraham was, Lord. And we will we can have friendship all over here on earth. And we appreciate it because these are people we can see and feel and talk to. So help us, Lord. We got people that need you and we need you. And I'm glad the scriptures are there that we could work out our salvation with fear and trembling and that the righteous will scarcely make it. Lord, something like that. I don't know. But worthiness, Lord. We Somebody talked about that, Lord. We're not, but you are. And we just want other people. We don't want to be selfish, Lord. So, thank you for the testimonies of the believers here. And my father-in-law, Lord, thank you for him. He raised in my mother-in-law just raised Rachel and the girls there to love you and what you said, Lord. And your prophets, your prophet, Lord, Father Brandham, just we just want to believe your prophets and prophets prosper in Jesus Christ's name. I thank you for these things. Amen. Teddy
