################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-15 - Guest Minister Ryan Long - Ryan Long.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-15
Title:    Guest Minister: Ryan Long
Speaker: Ryan Long
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb2P5lYll0I
========================================

Description:
Sunday, April 6th 2025 10 AM Tucson Tabernacle. Brother Ryan Long is a minister at Flagstaff Tabernacle in Flagstaff, Arizona.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Applause] [Music] How I long to breathe the air of heaven when pain is gone and mercy fills the streets [Music] to look upon The one who pled to save me and walk with him for all eternity. [Music] Oh, there will be a day when all will bow before him. There will be a day when death shall be no more. Standing face to face with he who died and rose again. Holy, holy is the Lord. and every prayer we prayed in desperation. The songs of faith we sang through doubt and fear. In the end, we'll see that it was worth it when he returns to wipe away our tears. Oh, there will be a day when all bow before him. There will be a day when death will be no more. Standing face to face with he who died and rose again. Holy, holy is the Lord. And on that day we join the [Music] resurrection and stand beside the heroes of the faith. [Music] With one voice, a thousand generations sing worthy is the lamb who was slain. And on that day we joined the resurrection. Stand beside the heroes of the faith. With one voice a thousand generations sing worthy is the lamb who was slain forever he shall reign. [Music] So let it be today. We shout the hymn of heaven with angels and the saints. We praise a mighty roar. Glory to our God who gave us life beyond the grave. Holy, holy is the Lord. So let it be your day. We shout the hymn of heaven with angels and the saints. We raise a mighty roar. Glory to our God who gave us life beyond the grave. Holy, holy is the Lord. Holy, holy is the Lord. Holy, holy is the [Applause] Lord. Lord, let's all stand to our feet as brother Ryan gets ready to come. Let's sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah means God be praised. Hallelujah. God be praised. When you're saying hallelujah, it's not just a empty word. It means God be praised. Let's say that to him just for a few moments as brother Ryan gets ready to come and create a create a good atmosphere. There's a good atmosphere here this morning. [Music] Hallelu. God be praised. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. Let's say thank you Jesus this morning with all of our [Music] hearts. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jes. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Yes, thank you [Music] Jesus. Thank you G. Let's sing hallelujah. Oh hallelu. Praise our God. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Then sings my soul, [Music] my Savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou [Music] are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou thou are. How great thou are. Let's just bow our heads as they continue to play that. And we just want to approach the throne this morning, Lord. We love you, Father. And we, Lord, just even words to songs, Lord, just don't quite say what we feel about you, Lord. And maybe they're the closest that we could come in in words, Lord. But I pray that you would see the heart, Lord, behind these songs, Lord. And Lord, the heart of the the believer, Lord, that just wants to yield their life to you, Lord, and to turn everything over to you. I believe that's what you want this morning, Lord. Praise and worship, Lord. I mean, I know that they mean something to you, Lord, but Lord, a surrendered heart. I don't know if there's anything that you want more than that. And Father, I want to surrender my heart this morning, Lord. I pray that there's many in here, Lord, maybe every person, Lord, that no matter what we came into the building with, Lord, distracted in our hearts and in our minds, Lord, or what we're thinking about, I pray that we would just turn that over to you right now, Lord. And Lord, maybe just by a lifted hand, Lord, with eyes closed, Lord, just saying, "Lord, I surrender to you this morning, Lord. Lord, I give you my heart this morning." Maybe I've held back a little bit. Maybe, Lord, I I think I've given it to you, but Lord, I want to fully surrender to you this morning, Lord. I think Lord, if we could all do that, Lord, if we could all just get into one place, Lord, where you could just start to move among the people, Lord, and move in their lives and move in their hearts, I believe we would see genuine change, Lord. I believe that we would see lives transformed, Lord. I believe we would just have such an anchor, Lord, in the word of God that though the storms would come as as many songs sing about, Lord, we would not be shaken, Lord. That anchor would hold, Father. And I pray you would do that for me this morning, Lord. And I pray you would do that for every heart, Lord, that's hungry for you this morning. Lord, your word has said it that if we're hungry and we thirst after you, after righteousness, Lord, we will be filled, Lord. Let us not be satisfied, Lord, with yesterday's word, yesterday's preaching, last week's Lord, presence. Lord, may we have something fresh and new from you this morning, Lord. Lord, mana is good, Lord, but it's only good, Lord, when it's fresh, Father. And would you just have a special portion for us this morning, Lord, that Lord, we could just enjoy you new this morning, Lord. Lord, not having to live off an experience, Lord, of long ago or last week, Lord, or 10 years ago, but a new experience with you this morning, Lord. I pray that for myself. I pray that for my brothers and my sisters that are here this morning, Lord. And Lord, we feel your presence, Lord. I I I pray, Lord, we've made you welcome, Lord, with our worship, Lord, and our hearts. And if you're welcome, Lord, would you come and talk to us this morning, Lord? We just trust in you, Lord. We just want to turn our our minds over to you this morning, Lord, right now. And Lord, may you just come and speak to us out of your word, Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you this morning. and just have a just have a different feeling this morning even than when I came in. It just uh such a gratefulness to the Lord for his presence this morning. And I just feel a little softness that comes when he comes in the building. And I just appreciate those specials that we're saying. I appreciate the the brothers and sisters that dedicate their hearts in the morning to playing an instrument or singing a song. And I I appreciate the praise from the people this morning. I appreciate our the pastor here, Brother Dan. Just a somebody I just not I just can't think of anybody else I'd rather just lock arms with and be next to than precious brother Dan. Yesterday was a blessing and and just a real blessing for me. Uh, I don't know about anybody else, but it was it was a blessing for me to be there with him and just I I just see the Lord moving like I've never seen him move before. I've seen him move many times, but I've I'm just seeing something different. I've seen uh, you know, we we preach about and and talk about and read about in the Bible about unity, but when you start to see it really happen, it's uh, it's something to behold. And I I think it's going to be even so much better than I imagined it's going to be. And it's just not a unification of the ministry, but I see a unifying of the people of the of the the people that really matter, which is you. Amen. You know, the ministers are they have their place. But you know who really matters is you, right? Amen. I don't know if you feel that. I don't know if sometimes you you know that God cares so much about you that he actually puts ministers in in places, but they're there to protect you. They're there to feed you. They're there to serve you because you are really his prized possession. You know what has more value, the the sheep or the shepherd? The sheep are so valuable that he that the owner of the sheep employs a shepherd to take care of them, to watch over them, to keep them safe, because the sheep are his prized possession. And that's what you are this morning. And I I don't know if maybe I don't know when the last time you knew that about the Lord and how he feels about you. Maybe you already know it, but if you don't know it, I want to tell you it this morning that you're valuable. You're so valuable that he he he he values higher than the blood of his own son. Because that's what he paid for you. Wow. True. Amen. And I think that if we just remember that, you know, it's really easy to forget that sometimes because the world just wants to devalue you and the world wants to tell you that there's nothing about you that's unique. And you know what? You're just like everybody else. And even in the church world, well, you're just another you're just another person that a convert to another religion. No, you're something special. You're a prized possession of the one who created everything that we see. Amen. And and I think that if we just get a hold of something like that this morning, I believe that we would see the bigger picture of what God's trying to do for us. Amen. And um I I'm sorry I didn't plan on saying anything like that. I just want to surrender to the Lord this morning. And um I don't really have much to talk to you about. I know I make the little ones real happy when I tell them I don't have much. Uh maybe some of the older ones, too. But you know, especially the little ones, they they think, "Well, I'm I'm going to get out a little bit early." And so if that makes them happy, amen. You know, maybe they'll we'll get to leave a little happy. I just it just the Lord is so good. And and those words are just so they're so feeble there. They just don't say it. But the Lord is so good that he that he has you here in this building this morning. You know, you could be a hundred different places and none of them good. But he's got you in a place this morning where he wants to come and communion you with you this morning. He wants to come and speak. I'm not speaking to you. I have nothing to say that would help you, but the Lord wants to talk lip to ear to you this morning. And it's there if you want to receive it. Amen. Let's just read a scripture. I know you've been standing and um I'm just kind of waiting on the Lord and waiting to make sure that he is is uh given a direction. Amen. Let's just read out of Revelations chapter 3. And I didn't even plan on speaking on this and and last night real late I just I just felt a little nudge from the Lord. And I I know good enough to follow that nudge, Brother Dan. And you just follow that direction. You don't know where it's going to go. You don't know where it's going to lead. You don't even know who it's going to help. And maybe in my mind as a as just a common man, I think I don't know who needs to hear this. But the Lord knows who needs to hear it. And the Lord's going to take it and he's going to he's going to break it down and he's going to impart it to somebody in a way that is only he can do it. Now, you have to decide, am I going to be that somebody? You know, God won't force feed you his word. You got to be willing. You got to be open. You got to accept what his word is. Amen. Let's just read a scripture in Revelations 3:19. I love this. It says, uh, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Amen. You may be seated. I don't know if you've heard this scripture before. I'm sure you have. I heard this scripture a lot growing up. And every time I heard this scripture, and no no disrespect to the to the men that that were repeating, I I just want to just can I just talk to you from my heart? this morning and just real I just want to be real. I'm not I'm not a minister. I'm not a preacher. I just I could just talk to you about what the Lord's done for me. Every time I heard this scripture, it was always used as a club. It was always used as a as almost a a tool of fear. you know that that if you did wrong that the Lord was going to come and rebuke you and he was going to chasen you and and that the love of God and I know there's there's many places that that say this that that that love is corrective and I believe that love is corrective. I believe if you have a child, how many have children in here? Okay, you don't want to see your little child run towards the street and run towards traffic and you don't want to see them put their hand on a hot stove or pick up a sharp knife and run around with it. Amen. I know we don't want them to do that. And maybe after you tell them a few times, you go, "Look, I I don't want you to touch that." And so maybe I'm I'm going to smack your hand a little bit when you reach for that stove. So that you associate that thing with with a little bit of constructive correction. Does that make sense? And you know, there's nothing wrong with that, but if we do it out of love, then that's what makes it uh the correct thing. And and this is so simple. I don't think that this should really fly over the heads of anybody. And you know, the Lord is just so corrective, but he does it he doesn't even do it the way that we do it a lot of times. You know, a lot of times I I would punish my kids out of anger. Lord, forgive me. I'd punish them out of anger. And you know, I don't know if the Lord has ever done that to me. The thing is, I think that the Lord has had plenty of reason to do it. I it's not because I haven't angered the Lord. But he's so much greater than me and so much greater than the way we do things that I've never I've never felt the anger of the Lord against me when he's corrected me. I've I've always felt his love. And that doesn't mean the correction was easy, brother Aaron. It didn't mean it was just this nice soft gentle thing. Sometimes it was a smack on the hand spiritually. maybe even physically, but I've never felt the anger of the Lord. And that doesn't mean it's not there. It doesn't all through the Bible is the Lord getting angry with his people and maybe allowing something to happen to him, but it's never without love at the end of it. Even when he's the children of Israel, again, I don't have any as my notes, so we're just going to go with what the Lord wants to say this morning. But even the children of Israel when they would turn their back on him over and over and over again and turn to the world and turn to Babylon and turn to Egypt and turn to the spoils and maybe a material and today we could say that's material goods or maybe we could say that's our our job or our life outside of the church is sometimes we turn towards those things instead of God. And when the children of Israel did this over and over again, you know, the Lord would would allow maybe an army to come in and conquer them, you know, and and he did it out of love. Even though when we read the Bible, it's so harsh, you know, but he did it out of love. But then I I would see that and you know, when I read through some of those books, it hurts to to see what Israel went through. And of course, I'm looking at it from hindsight and I think, well, why wouldn't you just do what God said? Why wouldn't you just I mean, look what he's brought you to. He's brought you to a land. Why would you just enjoy the land? But that's where I'm at today. All the places that God has brought me through and where he's brought me to and how he feeds me and how he nourishes me. And yet sometimes I still feel see myself looking towards something that's not God. So I can't really judge Israel too harshly. Neither should we judge him too harshly. I think we do sometimes the same thing. And I I would see the anger of the Lord would say it's kindled against them. and he would allow an army to come in and he would allow them to be conquered. But if you if you read through those those scriptures, there's a lot more to it than that. You know, always when they're they're they're they're maybe enslaved to another uh army, they're enslaved to another country, and they're certainly getting what they deserved. And then I I see the compassion of the Lord rise up. And this people, his people, now you got to apply this to yourself or not this morning, that he allowed to be corrected. All of a sudden, he would rescue them out of the correction that he brought him in. He would say, you know, if one of my favorite scriptures, I believe it's in Ezekiel, he would say, you know, I've allowed you to be conquered. I've allowed you to be punished. I've allowed you to be corrected because of you wouldn't you wouldn't listen to me. You wouldn't do what I was telling to you. So, I've allowed you to become slaves of this other country, but if you will just turn and look at me. Amen. And it was so powerful. He didn't say, "I need you to talk about all the things that you've done wrong." He didn't say, "I need you to to take a a whip and just start beating yourself up. You need to you need to tell me all that you've done wrong. He knows what you've done wrong. And sometimes I think repentance becomes so hard because we we make it hard. We make it into something that's so daunting of a task that it becomes impossible in our mind to fully repent. And so we just put it on the shelf sometimes. That's right. Well, Lord, how could I know all the things that I've done wrong to you? Man, repenting I sometimes I've walked away from repenting feeling like I didn't really do it right. And then when you feel like you don't do it right, you feel like the Lord didn't hear it and accept it. But in the Bible, he would tell Israel when they're, "Oh man, you read about some of the stuff they do." Brother Aaron, it was it was I think a lot worse than sometimes what we do. But if you translate it today, maybe it's the same thing. Idol worship. Certainly, we have some idols, right? We don't nobody nobody carries around an idol with them, right? We have some idols and other things can become idols. I've made work an idol. I've made I've made my own opinion an idol. I've made my own will an idol. Something that I put before God. And and and certainly you see the things that Israel did and it just like wow I can't believe they would do that to God. And he didn't ask them to go and make all that stuff right. You know what he said? If you will just turn and look at me. I'll he says, "I'll wipe away every wrong that you've done." He says this. He says, "If you'll turn and just look towards me, I'll restore all the years that you lost when you weren't obeying me." He even says, "I'll wipe away the wrinkles and make you young again." And I think about the grace of God in that that he didn't require penance. He didn't require that you beat yourself up. He didn't require that you just think of yourself as the lowest thing. And he didn't require that you do anything because at the end of the day, brothers and sisters, we can't do anything to save oursel. We can't do anything to cleanse oursel. We can't do anything to atone for our own sin. He says, "If you'll just turn and look at me, as many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent." And the scripture was always, it was used, at least in my life. I can't I can't speak for you, but just maybe the maybe it was the kind of people I was around. It was uh you know, this rebuke and chasing. It was this punishment. And it was this, well, you're going to get a good weapon from God. And it was used as a fear tool to keep me in line. And I heard a brother say this uh just a week or so ago. And it just struck me. He said, you know, rules without a relationship is dangerous. And it just, man, it struck me so like I hadn't put it together quite like that. He said, "Rules without a relationship, it's dangerous. You know, you can come to church and you can read the Bible and you can hear a message preached and you can even fellowship with each other. And if there's a lot of rules put out there, well, you know, you shouldn't be doing this. You know, and a real Christian, they won't dress this way, look this way, talk this way, they won't do these things. And you know, there's truth to that. It's in the Bible. But if you just have those rules without a relationship with God, you won't be able to live by those rules. And then those rules condemn you. And then because you don't have that relationship with God, those rules actually push you out of a relationship with God. and they push you right back into the world because you don't feel worthy to have the relationship because you're trying to have it and I'm trying to have it by rules. When if you get the relationship with God first, the rules become something that you want to do for God rather than try to do the rules to make uh yourself presentable to God. That's not what he wants. He wants you like you are so that he can make you into what he wants. He doesn't want you to make yourself into something you think he wants. That's not what God wants. And I know this is just so baseline. It's so simple, but I think I've missed him so many times because I'm trying to be something and he doesn't want me to be that. He says, "If you'll just turn and look at me." To rebuke. Now, I don't know. Do you have an idea in your mind what rebuke means? Anybody? You got Do you have an idea in your mind what rebuke means? In my mind, if I didn't read the definition, Brother Dan, sounds really harsh, right? A rebuke. Those that I love, I rebuke. But the definition of the word is those that I love, I convince them. Changes it, doesn't it? Yes. Doesn't feel so much like a hammer that the minister uses to beat you into submission. Now, you better watch what you do because the Lord's going to rebuke you. It says, "Those that I love, I convict. Not condemn. I convict. Those that I love, I tell them about their fault." And the last definition is those that I love I admonish. You see how the Lord does things so much different than we do them. And chasing. Well, chasing sounds pretty bad. At least when I was growing up, chasing was pretty bad. I don't know. I don't know where you grow up the definition of that word, but for me, that meant brother Aaron a spanking, a beating. I not necessarily physically, although there were some of those, but I I deserved them. But those that I love, I chasen. You know what it means? I educate them. Those that I love, I teach them. Amen. Those that I love, I train them up like I would a child. That's what that word means. Does that mean that the Lord is is wishy-washy? No, it doesn't mean that. You know, if if if if I keep putting my hand on the stove, now let's just take that and you could say whatever thing that you're tempted with, whatever thing you struggle with is the stove. If I keep putting my hand towards the stove, and the Lord says, "Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Listen, this is why you shouldn't do that. This, let me teach you. Let me convince you. Let me convict you a little bit." And I keep doing it. You know what? He might have to go, "Look, don't put your hand on that stove." You know, the Lord is so he has such a a large view picture of our lives that he might go, "Look, I don't want you to touch that stove." But if the only way you're going to find out is to touch that stove, I might let you touch that stove. And then I'm going to I'm going to take you and I'm going to hold you and I'm going to say, "I know that burns. I know that hurts. Let me soothe that for you." You see what happens when you don't listen to me? That's so true. And I've he's done it so many times in my life that I've just come to love him for it. And I hope, brothers and sisters, I I I I haven't even read a note yet, brother Dan, because I'm just going to lean on the Lord. I really hope that you never get to the point that you never get too mature that God can't correct you and then take you aside and hold you. Amen. And hold that thing that he had to correct in your hand. And look, I'm sorry that you burnt your hand. I'm sorry that you did that, but I'm here for you. I hope that you don't get too mature and too old and too seasoned and too veteran in the word or in church that God still can't bring a little correction. Psalms says this. I want to read a different scripture if that's okay. Um, two places in Psalms. I didn't think I was gonna be that long, brother Dan. But I already started talking more than my notes were. So, sorry little guys. Sorry little ones. But it was it was we were close. We almost got out early. Psalms 51:17. Um, if you want to mark it down, if you want to read it, Psalms 51:17. And this is what I really well had on my on my heart to talk about. So, we'll see if the Lord wants to go that direction. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit and a broken and contrite heart. Oh God, thou wilt not despise. Psalms 34:18 says something similar. It says, "The Lord is nigh." That means the Lord is near. How many wants the Lord to be near? Oh, I Okay, that was good. I love that. The Lord is near unto them that are of a broken heart, and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. I love the Lord because that's who he wants to be close to. Oh, no. He's close to you the stronger that you get. No, he's close to you the more broken that you get. If you're not broken, you don't have room for him. You don't have a need for him if you're not broken. And you might think, well, you know, brother, this sounds like a message for for a new convert. And it is. But if if we're not, this is also a message for anybody who really wants a closer walk with God. And you know, I think that I I think that over the year I'm not that old and I'm not that young. I'm kind of in that middle, that weird awkward middle where I think I'm old until I meet, you know, an elder and they're like, "You're not old." And then, but then I think that I'm young until I hang out with the youth and I'm like, "I'm old. I don't even know what that word means that you just said or how to use it." So, I'm in that weird stage, but I think I I I kind of like it. And I'm in this I'm in this little in between where I can really I can see where the elders are coming from now. But I also feel for what the youth are going through and everybody in between. And I'm really really really empathetic now and really hit my knees for parents who have teenagers. Don't say amen, Aiden, back there. Really, really hit my knees for parents who have teenagers who I'm telling you when you when you get that they're they're awesome when they're little and they're running around. They get to a certain age and all of your cares become about them having a relationship with God. You're I'm telling you my whole my whole care in the world if I could I tell you this and it's the truth. I don't even know if it's the right way to think, brother Aaron. If I could give up everything I have that my children would be saved, I would do it just like that. Amen. If I could give up my own salvation so that they could have salvation, I would give it up just like that. That's how much they mean to me. And it's just a a a place that maybe the Lord's brought me from. So maybe this comes a little bit from that place, you forgive me. But I I I thought maybe because I I've been in the message my whole life and grew up in church my whole life. Although I've left the Lord and I've come back and I've tried to live my own life and I've come back and I really truly haven't been serving the Lord except for maybe the last few years, you know, for the most part, I think he was serving me. And I I really haven't been a good servant of the Lord like I want to be. But and and I I I just love the Lord because you know when you think that you're doing well and you think that you're doing okay and that you think that man I'm I'm doing well in the Lord. You know we had a we had a brother come and preach for us just a week ago and the Lord just absolutely broke me down and I realized I wasn't serving the Lord like I should have been serving him. And it didn't hurt me to feel that like maybe it would have hurt my my ego or my attitude a few years ago. I was so thankful to the Lord that he allowed somebody to come in and didn't know what I was going through, doesn't know how I live, and and speak something from the word that just absolutely broke me down. And then I started to read this scripture. I said, "Lord, that's that's when you came near to me." When I allowed myself to be broken and I thought I I started to think I said, you know, why, Lord? Why are you near someone with a broken spirit? Why are you near somebody with a with a contrite heart? And you know, I started to maybe to think about that a little bit and I thought, you know, there are things that live inside of you. There are things that that live inside your minds and live inside your hearts. If I could just name a few of them and then maybe you could see what I'm talking about. You know what lives inside of you are your thoughts, right? You're thinking them right now. Maybe good, maybe bad. I don't know. Maybe the thought is like, "All right, man. Speed this up. Maybe the thought is, "Hey, okay, all right. I see where you're going, but you know, I don't know what the thought is." You know what the thought is? Man, I just argue with my wife on the way to church. And you know what? She's wrong. She's wrong. And she's thinking, "No, no, he's wrong." Right? Our thoughts, they live inside of us. Sometimes they have us. Sometimes we don't have them. Sometimes they have us. You know, the other things that live inside of you, your ideas, maybe your ideas of how a church service should go, maybe your weakness and your strength and all and our ways. You know, the other thing that lives inside of us is your will. That's a that's a really dangerous one. That lives inside your will, your nature, your spirit, your life. We could just go through all these things, but there are things that that dwell inside your heart and dwell inside your mind that dwell in your spirit that the Lord wants access to. He wants access to that. And so maybe that's why there's there's a brokenness that he seeks out. And you know, the simplest answer I would think of why the Lord wants to be around a broken person, a broken heart, a broken spirit, is that no matter what we say, I just want to I just want to tell you, I'm in this with you. No matter what I say, I say I would let go of those things, but I won't. I say, 'Lord, I want to surrender my will to you, but but do I? Lord, I want to give you all of my thoughts. I want to give you all of my ideas. I want to give you everything about me, but do I do it? Sometimes I find myself with a thought that doesn't belong to the Lord. And then I wonder, did I really give him my mind? Did I really give him my heart? And you know, we're we're flesh. You know, we have a battle. We're not going to we're not going to be in control 100%. But you know what? When I have a thought right then, I can surrender it to the Lord. And you know, we can say that we would let go of the things that God wants to voluntarily, but I just don't know if we can. And maybe here's a point. Um I think that you have things and I have things right now that we need to surrender to the Lord, but I think we're holding on to them. And so I could say, and it sounds so good, Brother Dan. No, I can do it. I I can I can I can surrender that thing to the Lord. I I can I can I can have the willpower to not do that thing that I know is wrong. I can have the willpower to do it. But do you have it when it comes to carrying it out? Do you carry it out? Or do you find yourself back on your knees a day later, a week later saying, "Lord, I did that thing again. I thought I surrendered it to you, Lord. I'm I'm strong enough, Lord, to surrender it to you. I'm going to give it up to you, Lord. It's for reals this time. And a week later, you're on your knees again, Lord. I don't know why I did that thing again. I don't know why I said that thing again. I don't know why I thought that thought again. And you know, the Lord knows how we are because he made us that way. And I love that the Lord knows how we are. And he knows that we're not strong enough to surrender it. Our Lord makes a way to get it out of us. And the way that he makes to get it out of us is to break us. And that sounds cruel, but it's not cruel. And it sounds like chastening, but it's not chastening. It's education. It's love. It's convincing. I think the hardest work that the Lord has to do, this is me personally. I think the Lord the the hardest thing that he has to do is to convince me that I'm his child because the entire time my mind and my heart is telling me of all the things that I do wrong and all the things and all the reasons why I'm not his child. And he's working hard to convince me that I am his child. No, no, no. I did die for you. Yes, I know that you're guilty of this. Yes, I know that you've done that, but I did die for you. If you'll just turn and look at me. And you know, the first thing you can imagine, you know, maybe when I say that you're holding on to something, I don't know where your mind goes. If I were to hear that from a preacher, where my mind goes is immediately it goes to the things I'm doing wrong. Now, you know what those are for you. I don't know what those are for you. I don't want to know what those are for you. I got my own have to deal with. But but I know that that should come up in our minds because the Lord convicts us. He pricks our heart and and and and it's it's the rare person that has gone so far that can't be pricricked by the Lord. And the first thing you might imagine what you're holding on to is your sin or things you're doing wrong. And and and why is that? Why does that come up immediately into your mind? And you know, I want to tell you that it's not it's not the pastor that causes that thing to come up in your mind. And it's not me. It's not the minister. It's not the Bible that causes it. It's none of those things. You know what what what causes that to come up is you. You're the one that your soul is crying out for something. And when you start to think about what you need, your soul says, "Here's all the things that are in the way of me getting that thing that I need. I need and I hunger for something and there's something in the way." And your soul is going to tell you what's in the way. When the Lord brings conviction and something comes up in your mind, oh man, I you're right, Lord. I don't do that thing that he's talking about. Lord, I don't do that. And Lord, I do these other things. It's your own soul saying, I'm hungry and there's something in the way. That's exactly how the Lord works. And sometimes we'll hear something from the pulpit or from whatever it might be a source. And it's a it's a Holy Spirit inspired word. It's it's a true word. And what that word does is it breaks through our wall and it and it causes a reaction in our heart. And and then when it causes that reaction, something inside of you brings to attention something that the Lord wants you to know about yourself. He brings to your attention something that's getting in his way. And you know, this is I I it's okay that if it's quiet, I don't actually don't mind if it's quiet. I'm not a preacher that says you need to be saying amen because I think that if you're quiet, you might be thinking about what I'm telling you or you're getting some good rest. Either way is good. Either way is good. But you're resting. I I've I've seen people rest in a in in multiple ways. But but when that happens and and brothers and sisters, I believe that happens really truly I think that happens almost every time we're in service, every time we're around the Lord, every time that we're around his presence, his presence comes in and immediately our our our our own heart and our own soul thinks about the things that we're ashamed about. And you know, you're going to have a choice. I don't know if you know this, but you have a choice. Amen. You have a choice. What are you going to do when that happens? How are you going to react when the Lord pricks your heart? And you can react in many different ways. You can be hurt at the Lord. I've been hurt at the Lord. You can be angry. I've been angry at the Lord. I'm just going to I'll just confess to you before this morning. I've been angry at the Lord. You can be prideful. You can make excuses. I've done both of those. Made excuses for why I do that thing or why I don't do this other thing. Oh, you know what? You're right, Lord. I I don't pray like I should, but you know, I'm so busy. You know, I got a family to take care of and I got it's hard to take care. You know what? The world is expens and and really the Lord just broke me a few weeks ago with somebody talking about this and just saying all the things that you make time for and you don't make time for the Lord. And I started to think, "Oh, well, that's yep, that's true. That's true." Now, I could have been angry. I could have been prideful. I could have been hurt. But but I believe it's the Lord inside of me reacting to the Lord pricking my own heart, saying, "That's the truth, Lord." And how are you going to feel? Maybe you're going to feel ashamed of it. A lot of us feel shame when the Lord exposes us a little bit or tears or how you going to react. And you say, "Well, what does it matter?" I think it matters because what what I'm telling you when that happens, you are experiencing what it's like to be broken. Because what is inside is coming out. And why does that matter? And and it matters because you're at a crossroads right there. Now, maybe it's not even happening right now, but maybe it is happening for one person. Maybe you're at a crossroads right now. You can decide what you're going to do when the Lord comes in and shows you just a little bit about yourself. You're at a crossroads. You have a decision to make. You can either go forward or you can go back. You can go forward or you can go back. There's no other direction. You know, the word teaches us when you come into the presence of God that you cannot leave the same person that you came in. Amen. The word tells us that if you come into the presence of God, he certainly is here this morning, that you will go out from that presence a better or a worse person. And you know, you actually decide which one that is. God doesn't decide that. Brother Dan doesn't decide that. Brother Josiah song leading doesn't decide that. Your your spouse next to you doesn't decide that. You decide that. How am I going to leave the presence of God this morning? And and and I think there are many people who are come into the presence of the Lord and maybe hear a genuine inspired word of God and they're broken by it and they leave instead of continuing forward. And I want to tell you that if you leave, if you decide, you know what, that's not for me. I didn't like that feeling, brother Dan. I didn't really like that conviction that was brought on. I'm just not going to go to that place anymore so I don't have to feel that con conviction. I'm just not going to read the Bible anymore because the Bible brought the conviction. And you know, people can make this choice. You can make this choice. But I want to tell you this that if you make that choice, you still are leaving broken. You're not whole because you decide I don't want to hear that word anymore. I don't want to, you know, the church was nice and the people were nice, but every time I went there, I felt a conviction. Even though if you really look at it, that's the Lord wanting to get inside, wanting to get something out of you. I just am not going to go back there because uh I felt ashamed of I I felt ashamed of myself and I don't like to feel ashamed of myself. So, I'm going to leave. I'm going to tell you that you didn't leave healed. You didn't leave whole. You didn't put yourself back together and walk out the door and then continue your life outside of of God's presence. You left broken. And what will happen, and I've seen this almost without exception, what will happen is if you leave broken, then you it's going to have an effect on your life. If you decide, I don't want to move forward. I don't want to go further into this really uncomfortable feeling. Is it uncomfortable sometimes when the Lord exposes what's going on inside your heart? I think that's something we should all be able to agree. Is it embarrassing sometimes when the Lord shows you a mirror of exactly how you act and how you talk and how how much time you give the Lord? That's what he did to me just a week ago. He put a mirror up in front of me. He said, "Look, this is how much time you give me." And I was ashamed of it. I was ashamed of it. Calling myself a Christian, calling myself a believer, and that's what I gave my Lord. And I was I was ashamed of myself. And you know, that's not a good feeling. But that feeling doesn't go away if you just walk out the doors and say, "I'm not coming back anymore." What'll happen is is because a part of you has been exposed. I'm just I'm just going to preach you from my heart. Because a part of you has been exposed. And I know this because I've walked out and said, "I'm not going back anymore because I don't like that feeling. I don't like that conviction. I don't like that prick in my heart that I felt. So, I just not going to listen to it anymore." I was so miserable because I was already broken. And what happened is when I left, I really started to resent anybody that had was associated with that church or that that that word that I heard. I really started and really who I really started to get angry with was the Lord. Really started to have a bitterness against them. And here's the transition. Um and I don't know if you've ever you you ever hear somebody go, I just don't like that church because they're so judgmental over there. And you know, let's be let's be honest. Sometimes we can be judgmental, right? Amen. Amen. We should have some that one we should that one I'll say we should say amen to. Sometimes we can be a little judgmental. Sometimes we can look at somebody and in our minds we we have what the Bible says and we we scan them with the Bible and go, "Oh, you just don't line up." And that part you don't have to say amen to because I know what happens. I know we do that. I I don't I don't think that we should do that, but I think it's natural. You have rules, but do you have a relationship? That's right. And sometimes you'll look at somebody and go, "Oh, well, hm, they're just not really fitting what the Bible says you should be." But why don't you let God do that? You don't need to impose rules on them. Let God cleanse them from the inside out. Then it's something that's real. You know, you can put on um you know, sisters, you can put on a dress. That didn't make you a Christian. I'm sorry. Didn't brothers, you can you can clean up your language. That didn't make you a Christian. Now, if you're a Christian, he'll clean up your language. But sometimes we get we we got the we got the the cart behind the in front of the horse and the horse behind it. And no wonder sometimes people are driven away from church, driven away from the Lord. There's a standard that's set by me sometimes. You don't have to raise your hand, but by me sometimes. That's an impossible standard for somebody to live up to. And really when they look at you, they go, "You're not even living up to that standard." I think that's what we were talking about yesterday. Wait a minute. Okay. So, um I I I I love the church here, it's just so awesome. Um what about that other church across town? You guys you guys get along with them? Well, you know, kind of. And then this person's like, "Well, wait a minute. You don't get along with some Well, there's nothing different about you than the other churches. There's nothing different about you than another denomination if you can't just get a what do you mean you guys believe the same thing and this is what you're inviting me into, you know, and eventually that person will will will hate themsself because they're broken. And I want to tell you this. I I I just want to move forward. I I have a few more minutes. We're okay. I know. I I I'm sorry, little guys. We were we were going to get out. But you know, moving forward is is is the hardest thing to do, but it's the best thing to do. And I'm telling you, going back and leaving is the it's the easiest thing to do and it's the worst thing that you could do. And and and why why you might ask, why is it hard to move forward? I think I got through the hard part. You didn't get through the hard part yet. All God did was by his grace, by his presence, by his word, maybe by a song, is he just broke you open and exposed you. The hard part comes next. See, because he's near to those that have a broken heart and a contrite spirit. You know what contrite means? To be crushed. It literally means to be just crushed into powder. You thought it was going to get easier. After he breaks you, now comes crushing. And that's hard. I'm telling you, that's hard. Um, through the breaking, God shows you cuz God already knows what's inside of you. But through that breaking, God shows you what's inside of you. And then he tells you, "Okay, now if you want to be rid of that, if you want to decide to move forward, there's only one way to be rid of it." And you'll say, "No, no, no, Lord, don't crush me. I'll give it up to you." But you won't. I won't. You know what I'll do? Let me let me put some bondo over the cracks. And Lord, I'll go to church every Sunday. I'll go every Sunday night. I'll go every Wednesday. and I'll sing it and let me just kind of patch that up a little bit and and Lord, I'll give it to you. Yeah. Now, maybe you never said that to the Lord, but I and I don't think I've ever said that to the Lord, but I certainly have acted it out. I've certainly done that. But see, and this is a beautiful thing, and maybe this is just a depressing message to you. It's not supposed to be depressing. You know, there's a difference between God and Satan. And we'll get to the encouraging part, I promise. The difference between God and Satan is that God doesn't just show you where you're wrong. See, Satan, he can just he'll whisper in your ear and he'll tell you how bad of a person you are. Maybe you feel that way right now. That wasn't the intention. Maybe he'll tell you how bad of a person you are. He tell you how bad of a Christian you are. You're not worthy. You're not worthy to be saved by the Lord. You're not worthy that he died for you. You are too bad. He'll whisper that you're in sin. you tell you you're not good enough, he'll tell you all these things, but that's all he can do is tell you those things. He can't give you a way out. He cannot give you a way of escape. Um, if you could put it this way, he can only give you a report about what's going on with you. He has no ability to give you a path out of that. But the Lord, who is rich in mercy, Amen. I don't know if you've experienced his mercy, but it's it's one of the best things you'll ever experience. He will not only rebuke you, which isn't what we thought it meant, but like the good father he is, he'll chasen you. He'll teach you. He'll bring you up as though you're his child. Not just disciplined like I heard about my whole life, which is just like a a club, a whip, but with an arm around you. You know, I I want to read this. It says, "If you can't different with a man and love him at the same time, then shut up. was right out of the message. It's pretty harsh language. That's a That's a lesson I need to learn right there, brother Josiah. Just if you can't love somebody you're different with, shut up. I'd do a whole lot of good if I just shut up a lot of times. If you can't tell him like a father correcting his child with a willing arm to put around his neck and hug him afterwards, you better leave it alone. You haven't went far enough yourself to know what you're talking about. I can differ with a man certainly. Still, he is my brother. I'll hold his hand. I can't let him get by with that. If I do, if I didn't tell him, I wouldn't be a correct brother to him. That's correct. But I can tell him and then tell him I love him and prove it to him that I love him. And see, God will show you where he's wrong. God's never going to ask you to do something that he hasn't done himself. God God put that in his word because that's how God is. He's going to give you a path forward and and and he's going to he wants to change you. He wants to transform you. And how does he do that? Oh, he do does that by building me up. No, he doesn't. He does that by crushing you and it turns you into powder. And it sounds cruel, but it's the most loving thing that God can do for you and for me. And and there's a there's a three-fold purpose in this. I'm just going to hurry and we'll close. It's not just to expose you. You know, God's not in the business of embarrassing you. Now, I'm embarrassed about what I've done, what I've thought. But he's not he's not he doesn't get pleasure out of shaming you. But you know, there's something that's beautiful. It's not just to expose you, but it's to deliver you and be free of the things that he exposed. You will never, and I would never be free of my own will unless he crushed me. I'll never be free of my weakness or my ways. It takes a crucifixion. And I'm going to prove it to you in just a minute. And you know, as unlimited as God is, God is unlimited. He has a way that he's going to do things. He made a way for him to and he abides right by that word. It's in the word. He cannot make you into what he wants you to be until he breaks you and then crushes you down. He know he doesn't take that we hear about the potter and the clay. He does not take, brother Aaron, you we know this. He doesn't take a halfbroken vase and transform it into what he wants. He crushes you down to the material and starts over. And you say, "You know what? Amen. He did that for me 30 years ago. Woo. Praise the Lord. He did that for me 10 years ago. And you know what? He just did it to me last week. God because he didn't quite like what I was becoming. Even though I've turned my life over to him, I I surrender to him, right? Oh, wait a minute. There's a little something I need to expose right there. Oh, I didn't I don't like that. You know what? Take the clay down. Start over again until I'm perfect. Until you're perfect. Never get so so mature. Never get to the point in your walk where the Lord can't break you down to dust and start over with you. That's what he wants to do. And and I'm going to close here with this. You see, you know, there are things you think, man, that was depressing. That's that hurts. That was just a bunch of Hang on. Now, there are things that live in you also that cannot be released until he crushes you. You know that that my worship is so much different than it used to be because I had a praise and worship that was inside of me that needed to come out. And and and again, I'll prove it here by the word in a minute, but you know, songs mean something different after the Lord crushes you. Lyrics aren't just common lyrics that rhyme and they sound good. No, they mean something different after the Lord's dealt with you. You know, and even my prayer, my prayers are are they're different after the Lord crushes you. Well, why is that? Because they were in you and they needed to come out. And the only way to get a sincere prayer out of us sometimes is the Lord to crush it out of us. Sometimes the only way to get sincere worship that goes beyond how good it sounds, it goes beyond the rhythm and the beat and the key. It might be too high. It might be too low. But but when the Lord crushes it out of you, oh, it's it's sweet. It's the sweetest prayer. It's the sweetest praise. You know, even our service to the Lord, oh man, it's a drag. We got to go to church again. When the Lord crushes you, oh, service becomes a joy. I'm telling you, it's a joy to serve the Lord. It's not a burden. It's a joy to serve the Lord. Why? He crushed that part out of me and it became a it beca my service became a joy to him. It never would have been that unless he crushed me. I'm going to read this. And every man that really gets close to Jesus can never be the same anymore. You can't associate with that old dry formal religion anymore. You've got something in you that changes you and makes you different if you've ever come close to him. Now, you can go close to the church and do anything, but you can't come close to Jesus and be the same anymore. And you know, God has never asked you to do something that he hasn't done himself. Lord, you're asking me to be broken and you're asking me to be crushed. Lord, it's too much for me to bear. And he says, I did it for you. Because inside of Jesus now, Jesus himself had even though he was the son of God and God in flesh, the Godhead bodily we believe, yet he had to go to the cross and be crushed. And and why? As an example, just to just to just to tell you, well, I can do it. So if I can do it, no, no, no, no, no. Because there are things that lay in Jesus and the son of God that could not come out unless he was broken and crushed. You know that your healing, how many wants healing for anything, a physical, mental, spiritual, you need healing or you know somebody that needs healing, it could not have come out unless God himself went to a cross, was broken and crushed. It would have laid inside of him and you would have had no hope. You could have prayed to God Almighty, Lord, heal me, and he would have had no, listen now, God, as unlimited as he is, he has a way of doing things. He would have had no way to heal you unless he was crushed first. And the healing that dwelt inside of him came out. When was he crushed? Before the foundation of the world, he was crushed. We just got a physical view of it on Calvary. And my salvation. What about the blood of Christ? Where we where we put our There can't be no blood unless somebody bleeds. He had to be crushed. God is going has gone through what he's asking you to go through. Your salvation lay in Jesus and it could not have made it to you unless he was crushed first. And the most important thing I think the Holy Spirit lay in him and it needed to be freed and he was crushed at Calvary. Isaiah 57:15 says,"For thus sayeth the high and lofty one that inhabitth eternity, whose name is holy, I dwell in the high and holy place." Sounds good. Sounds we picture maybe God in a throne in heavens, right? I dwell in the high and holy place with him that is of a contrite and humble heart to revive the spirit of the humble and to revive the heart of the contrite ones. the crushed ones. That's where he dwells. The reason Jesus had to be crushed, this uh it says here in this message from I know, it's called I know. To bring forth what he was. That's powerful. The reason Jesus had to be crushed was to bring forth what he was. He could not stand before the crucifixion and say, "All power in heavens and earth are given to my hand." But after the crucifixion, he could stand and say all powers and heaven are mine. What did it do? It took the crucifixion first. Now listen, it taken the crushing and the disappointment. The apostles had seen their savior, the one they had loved, and seen him even raise up the dead from the grave. They had seen him do that. And then they think there he lays cold in the grave by himself this morning. See, it took a crucifixion. It took It takes the crushing of the flower to bring perfume from it. It takes, if you don't listen to another thing I tell you, this should be on your mind right here because it comes right out of the word of God. It takes the crushing of a life to get the best out of it that there is. We are not. If you're a believer, if you want to be a believer, but if you have anything inside that calls out for something, I want to tell you this. We are not kept from trouble. You want to be a Christian, you're going to you're going to you're going to run into some trouble. Amen. We are not kept from trouble. We are delivered out of trouble. And we are not. I'll tell you, if you're a Christian, you're not born free. No, you're made free. You are a prisoner. And we are not saved. God is not going to save us from being broken and crushed. He's going to transform us by it. Amen. When God sees a man contrite, broken spirit, sincere in heart, down at the altar, God closes the door of the world to him and seals him in there by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And it lasts until Jesus comes. Not from one revival to the other, but until the day of your redemption. Amen. Let's just stand to our feet. I'm sorry that I went longer than I told you I was going to go. I do mean that. I I don't want to take your time up and Lord knows we want to just give him control. Brother Dan, if you would come. I think I've spent enough time. So, God bless you. Stay here. I want I want want you to do something for me. Next time you're outside, next time you're out for a walk, um take if you see a flower, you know, you can smell the flowers on the trees. If you see a leaf on a tree, take that leaf and pick it. Take that flower, pick it and smell it and then crush it and then smell it. There's a big difference between something that's crushed, it gives off its aroma, and then something that's not, something that's whole. As brother Ryan said, Jesus had to be crushed on the cross for that salvation to come out. Do that. And remember what our brother said about being crushed. And even right now as we prepare for baptism, even right now to yourself, take a moment and just crush yourself. Crush yourself. And and and as as all those those thoughts as our brother told us, they come to our minds say say, "Lord, okay, here is my fault. Here's what I've done. Now I am repenting to you. Now here is this sweet smelling savor that's coming up before you, oh God. Hear it. Feel it. Lord, smell it from me. This crushed person, Lord, I give it to you. Here are my sins, Lord. They come out of me and they go to you and you'll leave a different person. Our brother said that God requires that you don't leave the same person that you came in. Now, you have a choice. Are you going to leave a better person? Are you going to leave a worse person? It's up to each one. You can just disregard that and just go about your business or you can take it seriously and you can leave a different person. [Music] Peter [Music] said in the book of Acts, the first revival that had happened since Jesus Christ had come, the first real revival that had happened. The people were cut in their hearts. They were crushed in their hearts. And then they said, Peter, friends, they said, 'What was must we do to have this same spirit that you have? Peter said this. The Bible says, now that when they were heard this, they were pricricked in their heart. They were cut. They were crushed in their heart. And they said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" And Peter said unto them, "Repent. Repent. Make a change in your life. Don't just feel convicted. Make a change in your life and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. You are taking on that name of baptism. Lord, I am no longer taking my own name. I'm no longer my own person, Lord. Now I am your person. I take on the name of Jesus Christ. And it gets better for the washing away of your sins, for the remission of your sins, and then you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. For this promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. That means those right here with us today, Alexis, that means you. It's a promise to you. It's a promise to all of us. And we're going to baptize now. Keep those words in your heart. If you have a desire in your heart to lay around lay back that old person to crush that old person and be filled with the spirit of Jesus Christ, it's a good time to be baptized. Amen. Whoever would be whoever would want to be baptized, if you would go back and and meet the deacons, they will show you where to go if one of the sisters could could go. And I bet I promise you it'll be one of the greatest decisions you can ever make. Amen. You can be [Music] seated. Those that would like to be baptized, go in the [Music] back. Praise God. [Music] Turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look full in his wonderful [Music] face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Let's sing it one more time. Just turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look for in his wonderful fame. And the things of earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. He became me so that I might become him by [Music] grace. He became me so that I might become him by grace. Isn't he wonderful? He took my place so that I by his love could take [Music] his. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Let's sing that again. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by [Music] grace. Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Oh, he took my place so that I through his love could take his. Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Let's sing that just one more time. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Yes, he became me so that I might [Music] become. He took my place. He took my place so that I through his love could take it. Oh yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. [Music] Praise God. Okay. Okay. Alexis, come on over here. Yeah. Let me ask you. Alexis called me this morning and she said, "I want this to be my decision." She said, "This is this is something that I want to do." She said, "I have accepted the Lord Jesus as my savior. I have made a change in my life. I am serving God now. This is my choice." And that is baptism. You don't You're not baptized because your mom wants you to be baptized. You're not baptized because your pastor wants you to be baptized. You are baptized because you are saying, "Lord, I want to come in front of all these people." And I want to show all of these people that I am obedient to you, God, and that from this day forward, you can look at me, you can look at my life, and you can see that there's a change in my life. You have something to say? Sorry if I like stutter. I I get like really awkward with the audience. But yeah, so I just want to praise God first and foremost for waking me up this morning for just continu continuing to show me his way. For me continuing to learn about and actually having a relationship with God, not just knowing God, but knowing not just knowing of God, but knowing God. And I'm just grateful for this church, for pastor, for everybody. And just what he was talking about um what was his name? Ryan. What he was talking about today. It it literally like I'm sure it wasn't just me but it literally spoke to me today too because I've been learning about well first of all the other day I was like reading Ecclesiastes and it was talking about vanity and vexation of spirit. So I had looked it up in my Bible study the other night and vanity is basically meaning having the emptiness of your soul. So you know when you pursue worldly desires obviously you know your soul isn't going to be filled by that. It's temporary and you still always have that emptiness no matter what. Like no matter how much you try to get rid of any pain, any depression, anything, you know, it's temporary and you know, the devil tries to get in your head with that, but it just makes you it just makes things worse for you in your life. So anyway, so I learned about that inexation of spirit and how just not to pursue that. And I already knew that, but it was I don't know why I'm saying it, but it was just a good listen in case you didn't know what that meant in the Bible. I just wanted to let you know. Now I'm And yeah, God bless. Thank you, Sister Alexis. Amen. She's pretty comfortable with a microphone. And you know, you know that this baptism, you know that this is what Christians have done for 2,000 years that they are saying that I give my heart to the Lord Jesus, not to this church, but to Jesus Christ. And then you know that there's a promise of the Holy Spirit dwelling within you. Yes. Amen. baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] My friend is coming down. You can just grab a hold of me if you want. We've been praying for you that the Lord would heal your his knee, right? Come on, stand over here, Sister Melissa. It was a nurse that you worked with that witnessed to you first, right? That really touched your heart. Yes, Sister Melissa. The Lord's been working on her. Alexis has been in our congregation for just a a couple weeks now and the Lord's been dealing with her and now Melissa who's a friend. The Lord's dealing with you and I just want to know by your own confession. This is your choice that you're making to be baptized. Absolutely. Praise God. Our sister, the Lord's dealing with her. This is the next step in all of our walks with the Lord is that public confession of I want to take on this name of Jesus Christ. That's why be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and not in the titles of the father and son and holy ghost because the it's it's a name that I want to be associated with. I want to be associated with that name that man Christ Jesus. Amen. Melissa, by your own testimony, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Praise God. God's good. Brother Ryan, if you could come and close. Brother Ryan, if you could come and close. Brothers and sisters, it's a good day. Any day that we see a child of God coming into these waters of baptism, it's it's a glorious day. We we are happy here and there's smiles on our faces, but by the word of God, not by my words, but by the word of God, the angels are rejoicing in heaven. Praise God. Brother Josiah Let's bow our heads if we could. Just stand if you don't mind. Heavenly Father, Lord, you Lord, you're still saving lives, [Music] Lord. You're still winning hearts, Lord. And Lord, it's just such a mighty testimony of who you are, Lord. And that Lord, you never fail. And there's not one, Lord, that's yours, Lord, that will get away from you, Lord. Lord, we rejoice, Lord, with these these sisters, Lord, that have decided, Lord, that you are the most important thing in their life, more more than themsel, more than their desires, Lord. Their desires on you, Father. And we just we want to stand with them, Lord. We want to put our faith with them, Lord. We want to support them, Lord. We want to just praise you for your your grace, Lord, and your mercy in their lives, Lord. May, Lord, you just now hold them up, Lord. They they've they've decided, Lord, this morning they want to they want to battle, Lord. They want to fight, Lord, the evils of this world. They want to fight the temptations of this world. Would you stand with them, Lord, as they go to battle, Lord? May you just keep them, Lord. Keep their hearts, keep their minds, Lord. Strengthen them when they feel weak, Lord. And Lord, just like any of us, Lord, when they fall, L would you pick them up, Lord. Brush them off, Lord. Let them know they're still your child, Lord. They're still yours. And Lord, may you just encourage all of us, Lord, that Lord, this is the kind of God that you are, Lord. You're still saving souls, Lord. And may we all just, Lord, increase our effort, Lord, to to witness of your greatness, Lord. Witness of who you are to the world, Lord. We just thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to come to a building, Lord, where we Lord, we all have a faith, Lord, in you that's united, Father. We just we we love you and appreciate, Lord, the the church here and the people here that are just faithful, Lord, and diligent, Lord. And we just I just ask, Lord, you would just pour a special blessing on them out today, Lord. May they just go from your house, Lord, not from your presence, Lord. May they just receive such a blessing, Lord, in their in their day, Lord, in their week to come, Father. May you just stand by them, Lord. And we just want to, Lord, give you preeminence in all things, Lord. We know we have to leave a building at some point, but Lord, may we just carry you with us the remainder of the day, Lord, and just keep you in our thoughts and our conversations, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. All fear is gone because I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Verse one. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. Heal and forgive. He lived and died. to buy my pardon. An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Sing it out this morning. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is [Music] gone because I know he holds the future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] And then one day I'll cross that river and fight life's final war with pain glory. And then as death gives way to [Music] victory, I'll see the lights of glory. And I'll know he reigns. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear, all fear is gone because I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. liv and life is worth the living just because he lives. One more time. And life is worth the living just because he [Music] lives. Praise the [Music] Lord. Let's just worship him with one more song. Goodness of God. Brother Jordan, I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing that again. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Sing it to him this morning. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Verse two, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. Yes, Jesus. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. Isn't it true? And I have lived in the goodness of God. Worship him. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. I love that song. He's good. He's good. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Brother Aaron is ministering tonight. Remember, this is what's called Holy Week as we come up to the greatest day in Christian history. That is the resurrection of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Remember that this week and never stop singing of the goodness of God. Yes. God bless you. You're dismissed. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life and all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord. Today, because you cared for me in a very special way, I praise you. I lift you up. And I magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord. Today, because you cared for me in a very special way. Praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your name. Why, my heart is filled with praise. My heart, oh my heart, my mind, my soul belongs to you. You paid the price for me way back on Calary. That's why I praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your name. It's why my heart is filled with praise. My heart, my heart, my mind, my soul belongs to you. You paid the price for me way back on Calary. So I'll praise you, lift you up, and I magnify your name. It's why my heart is filled with praise. I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord. today because you cared for me in a very special way. So I praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your name. It's why my heart is filled with praise. Oh my heart, my mind, my soul belongs to you. You paid the price for me way back on Calary. So I'll praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. That's why I praise you, lift you up, and I magnify your [Music] name. It's why my heart is filled with praise. That's why I praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. We have choir practice, right? Anyone staying for choir practice can come to the front now.
