################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - Prayer is a Relationship Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-27
Title:    Prayer is a Relationship: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnpiL1sPThA
========================================

Description:
Sunday, July 27, 2025 10AM Tucson Tabernacle. Pastor Daniel Evans begins a series on the importance of prayer. He reads through Genesis 1 and Revelation 21.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord, let it be. And I am weak, but thou are strong. And Jesus, keep me from all harm. and I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee and just a closer walk with thee. And granted, Jesus is my flea. daily walking close to thee. Well, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. And through this world of toys and snakes, you did by fault. Or Lord, who cares? And who with me my burden shakes? None but me, dear Lord. None but me. Just a close with me. Granted, Jesus is my feet and daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. When my fe life is over, the time for me will be no more. You guide me gently, safely. Oh, into thy kingom shore. and to thy shore or just a closer walk with me. Granted, Jesus is my flea and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Are you happy to be in church this morning? Uh, Sunday school. You can go ahead and be dismissed to you can go to brother Lou there in the back. So, I was just backstage. I was talking to dad and we were talking about the service. And the one the first thing he said whenever I got there, I I walked in and he said he says, "Bud," he was like, "I am so happy to be home." And I'm like, "You know, we're so happy to have you. There's just nothing like your home, church." Amen. Can we stand this morning? We're going to sing Psalms 34. I sought the Lord and he answered me. and ever peace from every fear. And those look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and he saved me from my enies and the son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver it all. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come, exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. And let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incident rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night in neverending praise. May our sins rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] Amen. Don't you just love him this morning? He's given us so much. It's just amazing. You may be seated. [Music] You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. your hidden glory and creation now revealed in you are Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was greater, your love was greater. What could separate [Music] us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ tonight. What a wonderful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. the veiled door before you. You silence the boats of sin and the heavens are roaring. Your praise of your glory for you are raised to life. And you have no rival. And you have no equal. Now and forever guide you. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. What a powerful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. the brothers could make way for the prayer requests and offerings. Um, and if we could stand this morning. All throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms make way for spring. And every season from where I'm standing and I see the evidence of your goodness [Music] all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. The fear may come. The fear will leave. You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is all my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is sinless. All my sins rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises and fulfillments all over my life. All over my life. Amen. Do you see his promises all over your life this morning? Amen. As brother Ed makes way for the prayer requests and offerings, uh, Brother Steve Robson in Flagstaff is having some meetings um, August 1st through the 3rd. Um, if any of the youth um, want to come, either get in contact with me or my dad or even the parents. Um, but that's just my announcement. [Music] It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. We have a number of requests like to bring before you. Our brother Paul Batazi is due to have surgery tomorrow. He's asked for prayer. Sister Joy, the one with Alex, she writes in, "My cousin Jarrett passed away yesterday evening and for my mom whose health continues to decline with stage 4 cancer throughout her whole body." [Music] Sister Connie Williams says, "Thank you for the prayers for my sister, Kelly Drapper. She had open heart surgery and a stroke that partially paralyzed her. She is now starting to fill to get filling and is doing much better. Prayer changes things. Do you believe that? Sister Amelia has asked, "Please keep her daughter Eva in in our prayers. She's been sick about a week." Brother Tim Cruz has also asked um prayer for his mom. She recently was diagnosed with a illness in her lungs that makes it difficult to breathe. Praying for a touch from the Lord. Know how hard it is when you have breathing difficulties. There was a prayer request I'd like to bring on behalf of uh my sister-in-law Um, sorry. I I thought I had it. Uh, but my si our sister-in-law, sister Susan, you probably saw the WhatsApp request this week. She's been diagnosed with um uh saroma cancer in her abdomen. They are supposed to go tomorrow to the surgeon doctor to see what course of action they'll take. This really is most likely impacting the family quite a bit to have that happen. Brother France has been a real servant of God over in Europe. Um they're trusting in the Lord for a touch [Music] there was something I wanted. The Lord says, you know, he's touched by the filling of our infirmities and by his stripes were healed. So, if you have a request that you'd like to make known to the Lord with an uplifted hand, let's let's go to the Lord. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just sang. We see the fulfillment of your promises. We see the fulfillment, Lord, of your word taking place in our lives this morning. And we thank you, Lord, for this opportunity to be in your house. And Father, first of all, we'd like to ask that if there's anything that's hindering the moving of your spirit this morning, would you take control of it and may it be removed from this building, Lord? And would you have the freedom to move up and down the aisles with your presence and bless each one that's here, Lord? We invite you into our midst. Your word says, Lord, where two or three are gathered, ye would be in our midst. But Lord, your your word also said, ask in faith, believing that your joys may be full. [Music] these requests. Lord, we're asking that you look down upon them. You've heard them. You've seen the hands that have been raised. And we'd ask, Lord, that you your healing virtue would go forth. Answer each request, Lord. that Lord, these requests that have been written out that you would receive honor and glory, Lord, that's the whole purpose. These things that come upon us, Lord, we desire that you receive honor and glory. Now, Father, as with the remainder of this service, the songs that are still to be sung, the bringing forth of your word, Lord, bless our brother Daniel, Lord, as he brings forth that which you've laid upon his heart. Anoint our our ears and our heart to hear and to receive. [Music] And the offering that's about to be taken up, bless the giver. bless the offering for its intended use and we give you praise, honor and glory, dear Lord. Thank you in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] You may be seated. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. to break every chain. to break every chain. And there's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. And there's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up. And there's an army rising up to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling down. [Music] I hear those chains falling. I hear those chains falling down. I hear those chains falling down cuz he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And he broke every chain. He broke every chain. He broke every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. Amen. Did he break all your chains this morning? And he's going to break more this morning. If we could stand this morning. And there are two roads you may take in one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. For what you see, for what you believe is what will be. Let's sing that one more time. And there are two roads you may take in one by size and one by faith. You take the word of God for what you see, what you believe is what will be. So set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle for it's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. and what you need and what's your cry and watch your mountain much too high. So speak the word of God and by and by and it will move or you will fly. So set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle for it's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith and watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise is already in the skies. [Music] So set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle for it's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Let's pray. Lord God, it feels good to be here this morning. Lord, we love you and we thank you. And Father, I just I'm so excited. I'm excited to to have waken up this morning and your blessings already just coming down. Lord, thank you. Thank you for this group of people that is gathered here this morning. Lord, I pray that all of us would leave better people than when we came in. Father, may we draw closer to you this Sunday morning. That is our prayer and that is our desire, Lord, that we might give you the glory in our lives in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. First, I want to greet our visitors. It's good. It's good to see you. We have a lot of people missing this morning. Um, summer vacation, getting out of the heat, going different places. Uh, about half of our staff is is gone as far as the deacons and the trustees. But, um, we have some visitors and they're filling in the seats. So, so, God bless you. Welcome. Um, Brother Daniel, Sister Ruby, where are you? There you are. Welcome. And, and brother Daniel, you brought your mom, sister. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have you in service. And um I met uh oh and then also brother uh brother Wayne Murphy. Where are you at? Brother Wayne, God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have you in service. And I met a a family. There you are, sister. I didn't get your name. I'm sorry. That I met you walking in. Yes. &gt;&gt; Oneita. &gt;&gt; Oneanita. God bless you. And the boys? &gt;&gt; Christian. &gt;&gt; Christian &gt;&gt; and Patrick. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to have you in service. How many do we have any other visitors who are born? Oh, sis. Yeah. Who is this related to you, Sister Grace? &gt;&gt; This is my mother-in-law. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. Welcome, sisters. Good to have you in service. And uh Sister Kathy, I saw you pointing at somebody. Oh, yes. Oh, yeah. We have some doosles here, right? God bless you all. Welcome. It's It's good to have you in service. Welcome our visitors, friends. more over here. Welcome. God bless you. I'm I'm excited. I'm excited to be back home. had a had a really good trip. And I was telling brother Ed before uh before service that I've spoke spoken many times at many different churches over the past few years. But I've always felt like this really wasn't what the Lord wanted me to do when I went. And I would pray and felt like the Lord would say, "No, go, but it's really this isn't my will, but still go and and be a blessing, but this isn't what I want you to do." And I know I mean, the Lord's revealed it to me. My role is here as a pastor of this church. That's that's my role. And this past trip was really the first time that I felt a strong leading from the Lord to go. And I'll tell you, when you go somewhere and it's just you feeling like this is something that you should do, the feeling is much different than if you go somewhere and you are going somewhere in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. When you do that, then you know that God's with you and whatever enemy, whatever the enemy throws against you, you know, Lord, I am in your will. And that's how this trip was. I felt like this is what the Lord the Lord wanted to send somebody from this church to these folks up in Quebec. And he blessed it. He blessed it richly. I um when Joshua went over the Jordan River, he told the the people, he said, "Put the ark of the covenant before you." He said, "Because you haven't gone this way before, keep that ark in your eyes. Keep it in front of you." And that's how I feel with even the direction of our church here is put the word in front of us and the Lord is leading. The Lord is leading in a different direction. He's he's moving us. And to be in the foundation of of what the Lord is doing is just it's tremendous. When I was in Quebec, I preached on investments and I said that when you make an investment in a stock or when you make an investment in a company, you are not investing in what that company is right now. You're investing in what that company can be. And that is what I believe is going on right now. I believe that all of us in this room, we are on the ground floor of what God and God is going to take this church and he is going to bless it, I believe, beyond measure. He's already blessing us. &gt;&gt; He's already doing mighty things among us. And I believe that there are great times ahead of us. And and going to Quebec, it just it it it just it was tremendous. And I see these churches and they're moving in a certain direction that they're getting away from a failed model. They're getting away from something that didn't work. It didn't work for their children. It didn't work for their lives. And it just brought it brought some depression. And it and and there wasn't new converts. There wasn't healings. There there there wasn't people giving their hearts at the altar. There wasn't deliverance. There weren't those things. And then there wasn't the churches weren't growing. They were just shrinking and things weren't working. But when they started to preach this novel concept of Jesus Christ, when they started to preach him, things started to change. People started coming. People maybe that hadn't been to church in a long time started coming. Family members started feeling welcome in their church. Neighbors started coming. People were delivered of of suffering. People were delivered of sin that they had that they had were carrying for years. And then they were able to come to a church and find joy joy in the Lord. And what they found was they didn't find any more judgmental attitudes. They found love and they found acceptance and they found a place that I want to be part of these churches. And let me tell you friends, it it was it's amazing what's going on. It's not just here. It's going on in other places of the world where people are saying, you know what, I want to focus on my savior. I don't want to focus on these doctrines that have divided us that haven't resulted in anything. I want to focus on a living, resurrected Jesus Christ that delivers me from my sins, that delivers me from everything that I used to be, that changes me. That's what I want to that's what I want to focus on. And when you do that, there is freedom. There is liberty in Jesus Christ. And you see then the doors start to open and then you see the book of Acts start to start to take place in your local church and you see people start coming in and people being healed and people giving their hearts to the Lord and it is just it's tremendous seeing it. It's tremendous seeing it right here in what we are doing and then seeing it in other places. It is friends. It's Christianity in action. It's Jesus Christ doing the works that he has always done and doing them again today. &gt;&gt; Brother Jordan mentioned he says, "Well, you you should maybe give some of these testimonies and I I will share I'll share a couple of them. I was uh I was ministering on brother Lo is uh Ko Hano over there. I was ministering on um the same subject that Kaleo came and and got baptized that day. And it was about the parable of the fig tree that didn't produce any fruit. And it just took some love. It took somebody to stand up for that tree. And here the worker in the vineyard is and the the master is like, "Cut it down." The thing doesn't bear any figs. It's all leaves and no figs. And the the the person that worked in the in not the vineyard, but the orchard, he says, "Just let me let me have it just for a little bit. Let me dig around the the base of it. Brother Joe, remember it's just what a what an incredible story that is. Let me just dig around the base of it. Let me put some fertilizer in there. Let me put some water in there and just give this tree a little bit of love." And as I was ministering on that, um, a new convert had an experience after after the service went over to the pastor's house and he was attending. Um, so the the two churches that I ministered at were two two hours away. And this brother, new con, new person in the church, he drove two hours, more than two hours to come hear me minister because he was going to miss me when I was going to be there the next day. I had to work. I think he's a fireman. And he was on shift. So he drove all of that way to this other church. And as he was hearing that testimony, as he was hearing where where you dig around the tree and and you love these people, no matter if you don't see any potential in them at all, it doesn't matter. Just dig around the base, let it get water, water it, give it love, and just let the Lord give the increase. as I was ministering on that, he had an experience and he afterwards he uh he was really embarrassed and he came to me and he says um hey can I talk to you for a minute and I said I said yeah sure so so we went off kind of by ourselves and he said uh uh something happened to me remember this guy's never been to church he had been he had been a couple times the pastor had witnessed to him and he was he was coming. I think he was just walking by the service one day and he came in, brother Juan, kind of like like you. You just decided to come in and he uh he started listening to uh this pastor, Joel is his name. He started listening to him and he he really liked it. Well, as I said, he made the two-hour trip over to to hear me minister at this other place, and he said he was embarrassed. And he said, "Something happened to me." He said, "I saw something while you were ministering." And I said, "No, it's okay, brother." He says, "No, but it was really weird." And I said, "No." He said, "It was God." He said, "It was God. I know it was God." I said, "What happened? He said, "I saw myself and there was fire all over the place." And he said, "I felt the heat of the fire." And he said, "As you were talking about that fig tree," he says, he says, "I had one hand up on God and the other hand I had praying for someone else." And he says, "All the fire was all around me." And he says, "I I saw myself there with one hand on God and one hand on this this other person praying for them." And he says, "I don't know what happened." I was like, "Oh, brother." I said, "I want you to pray for me." That kind of a gift and and what had happened to him. And he had never been to church before. He didn't know what a vision was. And you say, "Brother Daniel, are you saying that this this young man had a vision?" Yes. Why not? If Peter could have a vision on the housetop, if Paul could have a vision on the ship, if Philillip could have a vision in the desert, why can we not have visions today? Why could not God work in that way today? He can. And then this actually he's getting baptized today. Yeah. the the pastor the pastor told me he's he's really excited and now leading this man leading his family now to the Lord, his children and his um his wife um before. So that was that was the first service I preached. And then I went to preach at uh this other church and I preached five sermons in four days and two hours between two and a half hours between the two churches. So it was it was pretty intense. So I went to the second church. Brother Joel is the pastor. The first church is an established church kind of like we are very very similar to us and uh just tremendous people just blessed me so much. They even it was it was on my birthday they had kind of a surprise birthday party for me where they all signed uh they all wrote a note to me and they put this card together just so sweet just so accepting. And then I went to this the other church and and they kind of did the same thing. And while I was there, I was up in the office, the ministers, the pastor's office, and I was praying, I said, "Lord, it's written that whatever you do in word or deed to all in the name of the Lord Jesus." And I said, 'Lord, if I could just know that I'm in your will. If I could just know that I am going. I'm doing this in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, it would just help me so much because we're humans. We we don't understand. Sometimes we think we're right and we're wrong. Other times we think we're wrong and we're right. And it's just so hard sometimes to find the will of God, which is going to be my subject today. And I'm going to start on a series today on prayer. And as I was there praying, I said, 'Lord, it would just help me so much. This church came out of another church, very messagy uh church that that wasn't growing, that was just shrinking, that that the Lord wasn't moving. And then this church comes out and says, you know, we want to focus, we respect all of these things. We highly respect them, but we want to focus on Christ. So when they came out, started with just a two families, I think it was. Now they're over 60 people. This is just like six months growing growing with other family members are coming in. And as I was about to go take the pulpit, I said, "Lord, please, I just need some confidence." And the pastor led in the song winds of faith as I was standing in the back and he said we'd like for brother Daniel to come up to this song and I came up to that song and that's why I asked Daniel to sing it before I came up and they finished the song and I said I was asking the Lord to show me to guide me. Am I in his will or am I not his in his will? And I said that song I said does anyone know the history of that song? None of them knew. I said that song was written by my song leader's dad. Not that one, the other song leader. That song was written by my song leader's dad. when he was coming out of the denominational Pentecostal church where they said that the evidence of the Holy Ghost is speaking in tongues. He was coming out of that. And I said, "And here you all are coming out and coming to Christ and you're singing that song and you had no idea where that song came from." And it hits right at home and I said now I know I can come in the name of Jesus Christ and minister to you that song. Let me There are two roads you may take. One by sight and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see. What you believe is what will be. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Can you imagine an eagle and the wind coming up under that eagle's wings? What's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain much too high? Speak the word of God and by and by it will move or you will fly. That's so cool. There's a mountain there. It's like either the mountain will move or set your wings and you'll just fly right over it. &gt;&gt; Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. For the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. That wind's already there. He's saying just spread your wings and fly above all these things. When you come out, friends, of that way of thinking, we call it a denominational spirit or or cutting other Christians out of the kingdom and you feel the love that was missing from your life, you never desire to go back to it. You feel the love, you feel acceptance, you feel liberty, you see new converts, you feel comfortable inviting your friends and your neighbors to church. And the reason is is because you feel now that Lord this is you. I can tell please I want everyone to come back to come to this. This Jesus Christ is real and don't try to go back to what we were. Don't do that. I think it was Einstein that says that said that the real evidence of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting that you're going to get a different outcome. And that's what many of of this is, is we expect that we're going to get a different result if we keep doing the same thing over and over again. And we're not learning that God is showing us that we need to get back to the Bible. Get back to the apostolic doctrine. Get turn our hearts back to this book, to this Bible. That is the word. And then God blesses it. God does wonderful things. I'll uh just want to give just a short. Maybe I'll I'll talk a little bit about it more tonight, but how important fellowship is. It's important to us. It's important to God. God wants fellowship. He wants fellowship with his children. The Bible has a purpose. And this purpose of this Bible, people try to make it a science book. They try to build an ark that's exactly the same size. And they try to make everything work. And they try to prove um when when Joshua said the sun stood still, they try to go back to the solar calendars and they and they try to prove that the earth was created in 6,000 years. It doesn't say 6,000 years. It says six days, but then they take something in Peter and says it's like six like a thousand years and then they everybody tries to make it. The Bible was not written to be a science book. That wasn't the purpose that God had. If it was written to be a science book, then we would understand. We'd understand the big bang. We'd understand how the hydrogen atom turned into a helium atom and then the helium to nitrogen and it went all the way down through the periodic table and then there was a big bang. It all happened in a microcond. We'd all understand that. But that that's not what we need to understand. And neither is the Bible a history book. There's beautiful history in the Bible. But it wasn't written for that. All of the creation and all of the history and everything, all of the inspiration in the Bible was written for one purpose from Genesis to Revelation. And that this book is a book about a relationship. It's a book about a relationship between God and the individual from start to finish. It's about that. Let's read. Let's start right at the beginning and we'll see how far we get. Genesis chapter 1 verse one. When you read your Bible, friends, remember it's a gift. It's a gift from God to teach you more about him so that you might and I might approach him in the right way. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. Before the spirit of God moved upon this vessel called the earth, it was void and without form. But when this spirit, which is the Holy Spirit, when this spirit of God moved upon the face of the deep is when God communed with the earth. When God spoke to the earth and then light came forth all the way back in the book of Genesis, we have no long we have no idea how long ago that this happened. It just said in the beginning that the spirit of God moved upon the face of the deep and upon the earth. But watch what happens when it does. And the same thing, God's spirit does not change. God said, "I am God and I change not." when his spirit moves across darkness, what happens? And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. Where there was once darkness, once there was once confusion, God's spirit entered in and brought light. And it's the same. The age-old question is, "What is the meaning of life? Why am I here?" And when there is communion, when there is conversation between God and man, when the spirit of God moves across our lives, our paths are illuminated and we see that we were placed here on earth to make a difference. If we have the same spirit that moved across the face of the deep and brought light, then we can see that our purpose in life is to bring light to a dark world. What is the meaning of life? It's not to serve yourself. What is the meaning of life? It's not to get as much as you can. What is the meaning of life? It is to bring light to a dark world. and the darkness. Think of the darkness that was upon that poor sister and the depression and anxiety and the loneliness she had. But communion fellowship brought light to her life and she was so happy. I was like, "Man, this this sister's great." And she was just talking and and excited. And I had no idea that just a little while before she was in a deep dark depression. And it was just this pastor's mom reaching out to her and then bringing her in to this light of the gospel. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. Notice he says that the light was good. But he doesn't say that about the darkness. And that's how the presence of God is, friends. Light separates itself from darkness. When you turn on a light, where does the darkness go? It just immediately is gone. And that's how it is. When the when the light of God really comes down, that joy enters in and there is no darkness. There is no depression. There is there are no problems. If we can just really get into his light, if we could just really enter in to that fellowship with God, then things would change. Things would change in our lives. Skip to verse 27. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. What does that mean? God created man in his own image. Said both girls and boys. There are certain traits in human beings that we have that are from God. That love that a father has for his children, that love that a husband has for his wife, we get that from God. I was made in God's own image. That's why I love my wife. That's why I love my children. That's God coming out in me. that that spirit of a of a mother and how that mother loves that baby and would give her life for that baby. There's the spirit of God coming out in that mother. That spirit of a wife loving her husband, taking care of her husband, supporting her husband. That's the spirit of God coming out. We were made in God's own image. And we were made for harmony. We were made for unity. And that's what he wanted in the beginning. I was on a trip, very strange story. I was on a trip to um somewhere I was going through Baltimore a few years ago and I was sitting on a plane and there was a guy over to my left over here and uh I just said a couple words to him and we get to Baltimore and I was I I was had a tight connection. So, I get off the plane and I go up and I'm looking at the kiosk and I'm making sure that I'm going to the right gate. I look there and and after I found it, I was like, "Okay, I'm at gate. I'm at this gate." And then I started to walk and there was that man that was sitting across the aisle from me and he was with two other men. And they said, "Can we talk to you for a minute?" And I was like, "Yeah, you know, that's sure. I have I have a few minutes." So I said, "I have a tight connection, but I have a few minutes." And they, it was the strangest thing. They said, "We have a word from the Lord for you." And they don't know who I am. They don't know anything about me. And I said, "Okay." And the man said, he says, "I see you in a ship." And he says, "You're steering the ship." And he said, "There's all of these people in the ship and he says it's fellowship. He says like fellows in the same ship. He says, "Does that mean anything to you?" And I said, "Yeah." And he said, "You're going to have a ministry that's going to promote fellowship." And I said, I said, "Thank you." I said, "I gotta go." And I said, "By the way, I'm already in the ministry." And they're like, "Whoa." I gotta go. So, I took off and and I and I I got my flight. But it's the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; God wants us to live in harmony with each other. He wants us to love one another. He wants us to support one another. We all come with our problems. Every single one of us comes into this building and we've all got issues. We've all got problems. But God wants us to take those problems and lay them on him. &gt;&gt; That's why I say come as you are into this church. Come whatever you are, come as you are, but don't stay as you are. &gt;&gt; Come into I want this church. I want it full. I want it I want alcoholism here. I want tattoos here. I want I want all kinds of problems. I want them all here. And then when you leave, leave them here. &gt;&gt; Don't take them with you. Drop them off. Leave them right here at this altar. And then you leave a renewed man, a renewed woman, someone that now has the joy of Jesus Christ that has replaced what you carried in sin before. I uh in John, one of the one of the things that I minister I talk about a lot and it's something that really hits people and they don't like it and I just keep on saying it because it's the words of the Lord Jesus and they they don't they can't understand it. They it because it doesn't match their way of thinking. So, we'll come up with an excuse why it isn't true. But listen to this. In John chapter 13, verse 34, it says this. It says, "A new commandment I give to you, and I'm laying a foundation, that you love one another as I've loved you. That you also love one another. By this all men, by this all will know that you are my disciples if you have love one for another. So Jesus's greatest desire was that we all be with him. That that that we all love one another. And then in John 17:24 it says this, "Father," as Jesus is praying, he says, "Father, I will also that they whom thou hast given me be with me where I am, that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me, for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world." So Jesus was there praying in the garden of Gethsemane and he was about to die and rise again and incend ascend to heaven and he did not want to be alone. Jesus didn't. He wanted fellowship. He wanted his his disciples to be there. He wanted his friends to be there. He wanted us to be there with him. He could die, give his give his life for all humanity. But his prayer was like, "Lord, I want him with me. I want them to be with me. I want them to fellowship with me." And I think I skipped a scripture here. There's a place, one of the the criticisms I get is I I preach where I believe it's John chapter 10 where Jesus said he said that there will be one shepherd onefold. And there's always an excuse why that we don't have to all be one. We don't have to all be together. We and we should have different churches and and there's slightly different doctrines and that's fine. But we should all love one another as ourselves and not set one group above another. And when you when you try to set one group another over another, you say, "No, I have a different shepherd than Jesus." They have they have a different Jesus than I have. We have the same Jesus. Friends, &gt;&gt; we have the same Jesus. Whether you're here or whether you're at Calvary Chapel, whether you're at Zion City, whether you're at the Baptist church down the road, we have the same God. And do you think Christ looking down at his children, do you think it pleases him to have them at odds with each other? It doesn't. I'll tell you that right now. It doesn't. Every prayer that he prayed, he was always about for his people. He wanted them to be together. He wanted them to have love for each other. Let's go back to Genesis. Verse number 27, chapter 1 verse 27. It says this. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Now God has his children on earth. He's got him in the garden of Eden. He created the garden for them to live live in. He separated the light from the darkness. He made the sun and the moon and he made the trees and the plants and he made the animals and it was all for his children. And most of all, most important of everything is God the Father was with his babies was with his children. That was the desire of God's heart to be with his children. They could speak directly to him and he could speak directly to them. Can you imagine what that would be? Can you imagine if if you're you're standing there and then you maybe feel something. Maybe you hear, "Oh, he's coming. He's going to be here." And just think, the mighty God, the creator of all the world, the creator of everything, he is walking through the garden and fellowshipping with his children. Can you imagine if we have that fellowship? Could you imagine? Seriously, if you had that, if you could just talk to God, if you were if you were in your room praying and he would just come down and say, "Sweetheart, I love you." Say, "Son, I'm proud of you." But we separate ourselves from God with sin. And that's what they did in the Garden of Eden. They chose sin over fellowship with God. And from that point, it has been God's greatest desire to get back to that fellowship. And yet, mankind runs away from it. Mankind doesn't really, it's not really important if we have that fellowship with God. We want it when we need it, but what about every day? What about living in the garden and God our father walking through? I mean the thought is even beyond my thinking but it could be. And even now when we go to prayer when we really get down we have the opportunity to speak to that one that was in the Garden of Eden. We have the opportunity to talk to him. We have the opportunity to fellowship with him. It's the greatest thing in the world. And then we say, "Oh, I'll give the Lord 30 minutes in the morning." Oh, I forgot to pray. How could we ever forget to pray? How could we ever ever just not desire to be around him? I've said many times that the more you pray, the more you will want to pray. And the less that you pray, the harder it is to pray. It's because you, like Adam and Eve and I, we separate ourselves from God, doing our own things. And then we try to get into his presence. And it takes time to get into his presence. It's the greatest thing in the world to be in the presence of God. And we have that opportunity for that fellowship. And God wants, if you don't get anything else from this sermon, get this. God wants our fellowship with us more than we want it with him. He wants to talk to his sons and daughters and we are the ones that don't want him. He wants it. He created that everything for us. He even told us and he says this is yours. He gave everything to Adam and Eve. He gave everything to his children. He says here it's yours and he wants us to be happy. He wants us to be with him. and we say, "I'm busy. I got too much going on." Can you imagine really coming into into his presence? And that's why it's so hard to Revelation chapter 21. I'll read the New King James Version. It says this. Revelation 21:1. This is where it's going. It started in in the Garden of Eden. And look at where it's going to be end up. Now I saw a new heaven and a new earth. For the first heaven and the first earth had passed away. Also there was no more sea. Then I John saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem coming down out of heaven from God prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. Who created this city and why? Jesus said, "I go and prepare a place for you." Not a place for him, for us. Look at the love that he has for us. The we stick our hand in his face so often, but yet he just keeps coming back with that love and he keeps saying just son, daughter, if you would just give me a little bit of your time. Revelation chapter 3, it says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." And then he says this, "And if anyone will open the door, I will come in and s with him." Can you imagine that lady in that church? She was there by herself. Nobody invited her. And there's Jesus. And he's the same way. If you will just if you'll just open your heart to me, if you'll just get on your knees, if you will just pray for a little while, then I will come in and I will suck with you. And the more that you open the door, the more that you give to me, I will give you more and more and more. I want it, but my people don't want it. Also, there was no more sea. Then I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from heaven saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men. He will dwell with them, and they shall be his and they shall be his people. God himself will be with them and be their God." Many what do we have to look forward to? He will be there and God will wipe away every tear from their eyes and there shall be no more death nor sorrow nor crying. There shall be no more pain for the former things have passed away. Then he who sat on the throne said, "Behold, I make all things new." And he said to me, "Write, for these words are true and faithful." When you get into the presence of God, behold, I make all things new. Jesus doesn't change. He's the same yesterday and today and forever. If he could change Mary Magdalene, the sinner, then he can change a sinner now and make them new. And he said, "I make things new. Everything that you've done, it's okay. Just come to me, son. Just come to me, daughter. I'll change it all. Just give it to me. I just want to talk with you. I just want to fellowship with you. I just want you to be happy. I just want you to to succeed. I just want to be part of your life. Don't take anything else than than what I'm giving you. Back to Genesis 1, verse number 28, talking about Adam and Eve. It says, "And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish in the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. It's all yours, children. It's all yours. I love you, and you love me." Look at this relationship between God and his children. And that's what he wants. That's what he wants with us. Now, and God said, "Behold, I have given you every tree. I've given you. I didn't create it for myself. I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth and every tree in that in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall be for meat for food. So they were eating the plants in the garden of Eden and they were happy. And to every beast of the earth, and every fowl of the air, and everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for me to. And it was so. And God saw everything that he made. And behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. He had just gone through these six days for a purpose. And what was that purpose? That purpose was for his children. Do you see the nature of God? Do you see what he wants for us? When we separate from God, we are the ones that bring the suffering on ourselves. And God doesn't want it. God wants to bless us. He wants his greatest desire, as I said, it's communion. It is fellowship with his children. He wants to be with us. I just remember John. It was in John chapter 10. It's in my notes here. Verse number nine. Let's just read it. John 10 verse1 17 verse 14. Again, this is the one that people just can't get through their minds. And it's always an excuse why we don't have to be one. I I was talking to a a brother a couple years ago and I was telling I said, "We need Christ. We this this is a failed concept. We need Jesus. We need the Lord in the church. We need the Holy Spirit in the church and not all these weird doctrines that just separate us." And then he tells me, he says, "Well, what separates us from the Baptist church across the street?" My answer, "Why do you want to be separated?" &gt;&gt; What a novel concept. What a strange thought. Why would you want to be separated? Verse number 14. I am the good shepherd and know and know my sheep and am known of mine. As the father knoweth me, even so I know the father. I lay down my life for the sheep. And other sheep I have which are not of this fold. Them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice. And there shall be one fold and one shepherd. If one group of Christians from all walks of life in the shepherd in the fold Christians loving the Lord accepting Jesus Christ as their savior. Therefore doth my father love me because I laid down my life that I might take it up again. And he did lay down his life on the cross and he took up his life from the tomb. Therefore doth my father love me because I lay down my life that I might take it again. No man taketh it from me but I lay it down myself. I have the power to lay it down and I have the power to take it up again. This commandment have I received of the father. I lay down my life for you. Look at what look at the spirit of God. It's all through the Bible. Friends he's saying he said son daughter I give my life for you. Brother um Thaddius Burgess, he preached our camps the past two years. He said something during one of those camps that I will never forget and it stuck down in me and and it helped me understand this sacrifice of Jesus Christ. He said, "When I make a purchase, when I buy something, when I go to the store and I buy whatever it might be and it costs $5, this is worth more to me than my $5. So, I give my $5 for this." Just simple buying stuff. Now, look at what meant the most to God. John chapter 3:14, and we'll close with this. As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up. What does that mean? As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up. Moses built this this snake around this pole out of bronze and he set it up in front of the in front of the people when they were wandering in the wilderness and they when they would get bitten by snakes, there's these these deadly snakes all over the place. When they would get bitten by the snake, if they would just look at this brass serpent on this pole, then they had a promise to be healed. And he's saying here that as this brass, this bronze serpent was lifted up in the wilderness and the people looked on it, Christ was the same. My grandfather, he was fishing with brother Brandham and he was bitten by a rattlesnake. Top of his foot, the pain, the burning was there. And brother Brandham went over to my grandfather. He laid his hand on him and he pointed my grandpa to that shed blood. He pointed my grandpa to Jesus Christ and he said,"Lord, it is written in your word that they shall tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing by any means will harm them." And immediately he was healed exactly like they were healed in the wilderness with Moses pointing people to the Lord Jesus Christ. It says here, "And whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life." Let me read that again. John 3:14. And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up. Moses set up the serpent in the wilderness, the Lord Jesus Christ was set up on the cross. Even so must the Son of Man be lifted up that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have eternal life. For God so loved the world. Remember how much it costs. What was worth more to God? My soul or his son? He paid. He paid the price for me. This I know it's the most famous scripture in the whole Bible. But do we really understand it? For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth him should not perish but have everlasting life. God wanted to save us so much that he gave his son on the cross to die as a sacrifice as an atonement for my sins that I might go to heaven. Brother Thaddius when he said that really made it click. I was worth so much to God. And you were worth so much to God that he gave his son that I might be saved, that I might have eternal life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. Everyone wants to condemn the sinner. They want to condemn the homosexual. They want to condemn the alcoholic. They want to condemn the Catholic. They want to condemn every person, but except for the person that's doing the con the condemning. They don't want to be condemned. But it says right here that Jesus came not to condemn, but to save those people, those very people that we might look down on. He believed. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned already because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. One shepherd, one fold, one Christ, one name, one man, the man Christ Jesus. But why is it so hard for us to accept? What is the simple fact that Jesus Christ died for the sins of the world? Why is that so hard for the world to accept? It's the same reason our minds just get clouded. Remember, the greatest battle ever fought right here. And it's so hard for us to see that it's that simple that Jesus Christ died for my sins. And I have the opportunity, if I would just give him the time, I have the opportunity to go before him in the name of the son of God and speak to the one that created me. Speak to the one that created the heavens and the earth. The one that has all power. And I have the opportunity to speak to him. when we pray. It's that simple. We want to make it too complicated, but it is that simple. Daniel, you and the the team can come. Now, listen to this. I said John 3 3:18. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. As I said, one shepherd, one fold, one Christ, one man. But what does it produce, next verse, there was division, therefore again among the Jews for those sayings? So hard. It was so hard to accept the fact that I can just get on my knees and go to the Lord. It was so hard for them to accept that someone else could die for my sins. It was so hard for them to just say they were wrong. But it's that simple. And then we have the opportunity to go before the Lord in prayer and speak to that one. I had a dentist appointment not too long ago and the hygienist was talking about flossing and she said that she flosses every day and she said that if she doesn't have she runs out of floss or something and she's not able to floss, she said it starts making her nervous because she can feel the grime start to form on her teeth. And I was thinking, I don't feel that because I don't floss like that. But she said that she would start to feel the grime and she she would be looking for a thread and her clothes so she could floss and get that grime out from between her teeth. And that's how it is when we pray, friends. we get down and the more we pray, the more we can get rid of that grime and and and go before the Lord and just pour it all out and then get up new people praising God and happy and giving our lives to the Lord and and introducing other people and let the light shine forth. But when we neglect praying, we don't see the grime that starts to form and it hinders our our walk with God. And not only does it hinder our walk with God, it hinders our spouse's walk with God. It hinders our children's walk with God. It hinders other people because we can be that light. Jesus said, he said, "You're the light of the world, brother Joe." He said, "You are the light of the world." So he dies and he goes up to heaven. dies and resurrects and goes up to heaven and then he lays his holy spirit down upon us and he says now you go, you do the same. The one that I see in the Bible that prayed the most was Jesus Christ. Can you imagine? He's constantly praying. He's constantly getting away. He's constantly going before the father. And if he did it, friends, we should do it that just that much more. Amen. God bless you, Daniel. [Music] I'm living proof of what the mercy of God can do. If you knew me then, you'd believe me now. He turned my whole life upside down. Took the old and he made it new. &gt;&gt; Oh, think about it. &gt;&gt; That's what the mercy of God can do. &gt;&gt; I'm alive to tell the story. of how I've overcome with his goodness and mercy in the power of the blood. And I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done with his goodness and mercy in the power of the blood. [Music] I thought I deserve oh to be six feet beneath the earth. For the things I've done, the things I've said, the choices made that I regret. Oh, I would still be long &gt;&gt; for the mercy of God. &gt;&gt; But for the mercy of God, [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm alive to tell the story of how I've overcome with his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. And I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done. But it's goodness, you see, in the power of death. And was the cross made for me that my savior carried? Oh, I've been made free by the mercy of God. It was a grave meant for me. Where my sin laid buried, now I stand redeemed by the mercy of God. It was the cross made for me that my savior carried. Oh, I've been made free by the mercy of God. It was the grave meant for me where my sin lay buried. Now I stand redeemed by the mercy of God. Now I'm alive to tell the story of how I've overcome by his goodness and mercy and the power of his blood. And I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done, but his goodness and mercy in the power of the blood. What words? What words? You know, these songs that we sing, we sing them, but sometimes we should just stop and consider these words. Joy is the Lord working on your heart. [Music] Do you want to be baptized, sister? [Music] It's up to you. Feel good about it, sister. The Lord Jesus is real and he's mighty. And let me tell you something, sister. He knows you. He knows your name. And he cares. He loves you. He loves me, too. Sister Elizabeth, where are you at? Could you come in the back? Sister Joy, if you want to be baptized, being baptized represents going into the grave, [Music] taking on the name of Jesus Christ and making a commitment that I'm going to live a different life. Tears just coming out of your heart, sister, the Lord's dealing with you. If you want to be baptized, you can go and meet Elizabeth there in the back, and she'll take you up there and talk to you. [Music] Friends, God is real. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; We have water in the baptismal, I assume. I hope so. Jesus is real, friends. He loves us. He cares. That's what's different about him than everybody else. Even a mother, even a mother could lose compassion for her child. But Jesus never will. No matter what I do, no matter what sin I commit, no matter how far I go, Jesus Christ is always there with open arms, waiting for me to come back. And he leaves it up to me. and he leaves it up to you. Give him time. Give him your time. Give him your love. Just tell him sometimes. Just stop and say, "Jesus, I love you. You're great. I look forward to that day that I can be like Adam and Eve in the garden where the mighty God will just walk by. Maybe we'll all be there. Can you imagine Zyra just being there and having God the Almighty walk by be like whoa. Bible says there are 100 million angels surrounding him singing holy, holy unto the Lord. the 24 elders, the four beasts, the great power is surrounding him all the time. And they're just watching him in awe and they're saying, "Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord, looking at the lamb of God, Jesus Christ, and that is the one that wants to talk to me. That's the one that wants to talk to you. You feel good?" Praise God. I'm going to go up and baptize and uh tonight we will have uh I might share some testimonies and let's just pray tonight. We'll just come in. I'll say a few words and then we'll get quiet and the almighty God, the one the creator of the heavens and the earth, he's going to be there to listen to us. And don't do all the talking. It's a communion. It's a dialogue between the two. Amen. God bless you, sister. You and your two sons. I'd like to I'd like to meet you and shake your hands. Um we usually go into the fellowship hall after service. So, I'll uh I'll baptize and I'll go in there. So, if you could stay a few minutes after service, I'd like to hear your story. She said that that she used to come here to the Tucson Tabernacle a long time ago. Am I right? You know what? The church is growing and it's growing from people just like you. They came here many, many years ago or their parents came here, their grandparents came here and now we're filling it up and God's dealing with us all. God, God bless you. God bless you, friends. I uh this is my favorite part of the job is baptizing. I'll I'll see you in a few few minutes. [Music] This Defender of the King [Music] clothed in mesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice and trembles at his voice and how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see. How great and how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great and how great is our God. day to wait his hands and time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The Godhead three in one. Father, spirit, son, the lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. And how great is our God. And sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great and how great is our God. He's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God and he's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me this morning. And how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. And how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see. How great, how great is our God. [Music] [Music] Sister Joy, some of us know Joy and she just told me, she said, "It's time for me to put it all to rest." You know what Jesus said? Come unto me all you that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Come on. Come on down, Joy. God bless you. That's Jesus. He loves us. He He cares about us. And as I said, he wants to talk with us more than we want to talk with him. Joey, come on right here. As I told you, very, very proud of you. I just told the congregation you just what you just told me. I just want to It's just time for me to put it to rest. You feel good? Bless. Bless your heart. I can see just the sincerity in her and the the eyes that are just you can't hide your eyes and how that the Lord's just dealing with you. And I saw you out there and I could see him working on you. And now this is the decision that you're making that you from this day have given your life to Jesus Christ and you are becoming a Christian. Is that your desire? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Well, doesn't take any more than that. When I baptize you, baptize you in the name of Jesus Christ. Not baptize you into this church. Not baptize you into any other body. Body of Jesus Christ. You are taking on his name as a Christian. Grab my hand right here. I'm gonna put you under the water. Put the other hand put one hand across your chest right here. Joy by your own confession. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Now we have somebody else. When I call for baptism, I saw this little guy jump up and take off over here. The Lord's been dealing with him. Sister Mercy, is he with you? And and you you witness to the young boy. Yeah. Come on in. Now hopefully you can swim. Yeah, look at you. You You've got your head above water. No, don't swim yet. Praise God. Ain't it good for the little ones? I haven't baptized many little ones in our church. We're I don't know 70 or 80 people and they're mostly adults. So, it just does my heart good to see this little guy come to the Lord. Buddy, what's your name? He forgot. He's got a good name. The last prophet in the Bible was named Malachi. And this young man, his name is Malachi. And he said, "The Lord," I was just talking to him over here. He said he wants to give his heart to the Lord Jesus. And this is the way to do it. I wish I would have given my heart to the Lord Jesus at this age. I'd have made it a lot easier on myself and a lot easier on my mom and a lot easier on the Lord if I would have just done it like this young man's doing it. You understand? You're being baptized. You're being put down in this water to be a Christian to worship Jesus to give your heart to Jesus. And you're going to you're going to be a boy that loves God. Right. Sure. Hand right here. This way. Look at me. Malachi, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Applause] I feel good. Let's all stand. Friends, remember as I said, Jesus Christ loves us. Jesus Christ wants to talk with us more than we want to talk to him. He wants us to come to these waters of ba of baptism more than we want to come. And remember that right at the end of the book, there's a prayer going on at the end of the book of Revelation. And the spirit of God, the same one that moved across the face of the deep, the spirit and the bride are crying out, "Lord, come." And that's the feeling in our heart. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. I pray that the Lord will be with you. Brother Ron Glidewell, would you mind coming and closing in prayer? God, God bless you all. Tonight, we have a we're going to have a prayer service. I'll say a few words, as I said, and then we'll get quiet and go before the Lord in prayer. God bless you. When peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like seas billows roll. [Music] Whatever my lot, thou hast taugh me to say it is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. Can we bow our heads and pray? Truly, Lord, our hearts so thankful for these two souls that you've drawn unto yourself and they've obeyed your command. We pray now, Lord, that you would continue to be with these two, that you would fill them with your Holy Spirit and teach them, reveal yourself unto them as we and we'll watch them grow, Father, and change into beautiful sons and daughters of God. We thank you for this day you've given us, for the opportunity, Lord, that we can come and worship in your name and believe you've been here with us. We pray now you continue to be with each and everyone the rest of this day. Bring us back tonight, Father. We pray that you would just continue speaking to each and every heart as we go. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. [Music] Sen [Music] should buff it those trials should come. Let this bless assurance [Music] control that Christ has regarded my helpless estates and has shed his own blood for my soul. And it is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. my sin. Oh, the bliss of this glorious thought. I sin not in part but the whole and is nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Go my soul and it is well with my soul and it is well. It is well with my soul. And Lord, haste the day when the face shall be sight. The clouds be rolled back as a scroll. The trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend. Even so it is well with my soul. [Music] It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. Well with your soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus is so good. He loves us so much. I tell you what, Joy, I haven't seen a hap I haven't seen joy in joy like that since I met you. God bless you, sister. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Yeah. And little Malachi. Great. You know, good job. More of the kids. Let's get them to the Lord. Let's get them to the Lord early. Get them baptized. get them introduced to the Lord Jesus so they understand these things. So then when the trouble hits and they hit, then when the trouble hits, they can get on their knees and they can talk to the same one that was walking through the Garden of Eden. Same one I want to talk to. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Things are I like clapping for the Lord. It's like, yeah, Lord, there's going to be clapping in heaven. I think I think it says in the Psalms to clap your hands. There's going to be shouting. There's going to be clapping. There's going to be singing. And even I'm going to be able to sing good on that day. It's going to happen. There's miracles. It's going to happen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed.
