################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-11 - Praise Pt1 Josiah Aho - Josiah Aho.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-11
Title:    Praise Pt1: Josiah Aho
Speaker: Josiah Aho
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk-_hx4GFh8
========================================

Description:
September 10 @ 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm. Josiah Aho is a worship leader and minister at Tucson Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
In the city where there never comes a night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from to care, I am going where the lamb is the light. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we should go there by and by. It is the city where the lamb is light. And in that city where the lamb is alive, in the city where there never comes a night. And I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days in the sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright [Music] into the city where the lamb is light. In the city where the lamb is light. In the city where there never comes a night and I have a mansion over there and when free from to care I am going where the lamb is alive there'll be flowers bloom forever and the day shall be one eternal day without a night and our tears shall be forever. forever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is light. In that city where the lamb is light. In that city where there cometh no night. And I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is a light. Here we have our disappointments all the while. And our fondest hopes but meet with bitter blight. Though by night we weep, the morning brings a smile. In that city where the lamb is light. In the city where the lamb is light. In the city where there cometh no night. And I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care I am going where the lamb is the light. Then let the sunshine fate. Let twilight bring its gloom. Not a shadow can my blissful soul of fright. For I know that up in heaven there is room. In that city where the lamb is light. In the city where the lamb is alive. In the city where there cometh no night and I have a mansion over there and when free from toll and care I am going where the lamb is alive. Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? I know I am. If we could stand this evening. When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. My soul cries out hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, my soul cries out, "Hallelujah! Praise God for saving me." I love that song. [Music] Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was wretched in vow as could be. My savior above. Gave me peace, joy, and love. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. [Music] when he reached down his hand for me. And I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. And I was near in despair when he came to me and he showed me that I could be free. But then he lifted my feet and gave me gloryy complete when he reached down his hand for me. Oh, when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] When he reached down his hand for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reach down his hand for me. [Music] And when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reach down his hand for me. You may be seated. [Music] And once I was clothed. [Music] Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who is wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. [Music] I forgot the verses. Everybody, we're going to move on to the next song. We're going to say, "Create in me a clean heart. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God. and renew my spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. And renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God. and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me [Music] the joy of thy salvation. and renew arise spirit within me. We could stand this evening. Oh, blessed assures mine. [Music] And oh what a for taste of glory divine and air of salvation [Music] purchased of God. Born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. [Music] This is my song. I'm praising my Savior all the day long. Oh, perfect submission, perfect delight. [Music] In visions of rapure now bursts at my side. And angels descending. Bring from above. Echoes of mercy, [Music] whispers of love. So this is my story. [Music] This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my savior all the day long. Oh, perfect submission. All is at rest. [Music] I and my Savior am happy and blessed. I'm watching and waiting, looking above. I'm filled with his goodness, lost in his love. So this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Words that are in that song should always be on our hearts. This is my story and this is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. We're starting a series tonight on praise. The Josiah is going to start it. I'm really looking forward to it. And I want to say a few words. I have you seated for a little while. Um, first of all, first and foremost, Sister Heather, Brother Lyle, it's good to have you back home. I really, really, and I can speak for the whole congregation, I really missed you. We missed you very much. all the love that you have for all of us and all that you do for us and always opening your home and and all of the time that you give with the Sunday school with being a deacon and and a sister deacon and and just all that you do is we're not worthy of the love that you have given to all of us. And we're grateful to have you back home at your poster duty. And yeah, [Applause] brother Joe, Sister Aaron Robson, Robson family, God bless you. It's good to have you in service. I, you know, I think very highly of your family. Very, very good example of good Christian people, the Robson family. I uh today's a sad day and it's it's something that affected I think all of us that know about what happened more than we maybe would have thought that it would have affected us. And that's the death of this young man named Charlie Kirk today. The murder of this man. If you don't know who Charlie Kirk is, he's um probably one of at least one of, if not the most famous conservative Christian influencers in the whole world. and uh he was at a rally or at a um I don't know what you call it when when they all get together and he answers questions, but uh he was murdered by an assassin and Daniel um called me today and and told me and Daniel was shaken up and I I could tell he was fighting back tears and then when he told me the same thing happened to me. have watched this young man many many times and first and foremost in this man's life above everything was he was a Christian and that's the first thing that he would say um when he would have these these um events was that he was a Christian and he he'd preach a little sermon and everything that he did went back to this man Jesus Christ and he stood for it. He he um always had the utmost respect for anyone that would ever talk with him. Some of these people would insult him. And I've seen it on on YouTube how the these liberal kids at these colleges would stand up and do nothing but insult him. And he would treat that person with the utmost respect and answer their question. and and because of his love and because of his wisdom, he would make the person that was insulting him look like a fool and people hated him. Obviously, someone hated him enough to take his life today. And that man, as I said, a young man, wisdom far beyond his years of 31 years old, was a true Christian. that love the Lord. And I see his death. And I think it is time more now than ever to pray for our country because the things that could result in this are things that none of us want. It could start a a big conflict within our country. And I think that we always The Lord taught us to pay to pray for the peace of Jerusalem. And I think that we should always also pray for the pre peace of our country. No one wins when there is an uprising or when there is discord. No one wins. And I do I see this man's death as it's uh it's something that could result if without cool heads it could result in something much worse. So I asked the church that we would pray for the peace of our country and of course pray for this man's his two babies, two young children, a young wife. And he's dedicated he dedicated his life to number one spreading the gospel. And he did it in a way that I don't think anyone has ever done it before. He's he was a a political person on the of course on the conservative side, but he took his gift of being able to be so quick in answering these questions and be so quick in in giving a response and and so learned in things and he took that gift and he also used it to do something far greater than standing for the Republican party. He used it to lift up Jesus Christ. He was a true Christian. And I believe our country lost one of the greatest men that are in this country today in this man named Charlie Kirk. I when I heard as I said I almost couldn't fight back the tears because if you ever saw him he was a kind man and he really believed what he preached. As I was talking to uh brother John, brother John Ler, he reminded me of a scripture that I'd like to read and I think that it describes this young man, Charlie Kirk. told most of the people that asked me about it today. I said, 'Carlie has gone on to his reward and he has a great reward for all that he did and the using his gifts to influence people to live holy lives, to abstain from immorality, to focus on the Bible, focus on Christ, and to live a conservative lifestyle. And just his his wisdom was so great that he was able to sway people in a certain way. And as I said, a great man in my opinion. Brother John quoted a scripture to me and I think it would be good that if we would all read it. It's in Romans chapter 8. Verse number start with verse number 35. Romans 8:35 says this, "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword as it is written. He's quoting I believe the psalm here as it is written for thy sake we are killed all the day long we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. This man, Charlie Kirk, was murdered for making a stand on what is right. But we can rest assured, and I wish I could shake his wife's hand and tell his wife, and I'm sure so many people are telling her this, and his and and his children when they get old enough, that your father did great things. Now listen to this. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. This man may be dead. His time was finished. God saw fit to allow him to be taken. And I believe it was perfect timing. I believe the Lord, he finished his work and the Lord pulled him out of this world and he left his family, left his wife and his children. And I and I think that and I hope I know that there are churches and Christians around the world that are praying for his wife and his children. But he went on to his reward. And the Bible says here he it says that as is written for thy sake we are killed all the day long. He was killed for the sake of Jesus Christ. And anytime, friends, anytime that you truly preach this Bible and you preach Jesus Christ, you will be hated by some. The apostles Peter and Paul, they asked for boldness to preach this book. They asked for boldness to preach this man, Jesus Christ. And I think today in this year of 2025, we need more boldness than ever to continue to preach this man, Jesus Christ, because Jesus says saves the same today as he did 2,000 years ago. And he should always be our focus and he will always be the focus of this pulpit and always be the focus of this man as long as I stand here is focus on that man, Jesus Christ. He never fails. And because of him, this man, I believe, is saved and in glory today. And I pray that his that the Holy Spirit will always guide his family and protect them from this point on. As I said, as you can tell, it's a sad thing what happened today. And I believe he was a great man. So when we pray tonight um let's also remember I have a praise I have a praise now and and God is good. God will take this and he'll turn it around and he'll make it for the good. I mean, if you keep reading or if you read just a few verses before of what I just read, the most one of the most famous chapters, the most famous verses in the whole Bible is Romans 8:28 that all things work together for the good to them that love God, to them who are called accord called according to his purpose. All all of it's right and it's just going on. God has this great plan and it's just moving forward. And I believe that this is just another step for this country to make. And I hope that they make the right step. I hope that they look to this tragedy that happened today. And I hope that it makes people think about the Lord Jesus and that our lives are finite. Our lives could end. At any moment, the Lord could just as as it said, Brother Brandham said one time, pull our card from the rack. It could be any it could be anytime. I pray that the this whole country examines themselves and and says, "Is this the kind of country you want of violence, hatred, and of discord?" Or maybe look to this man, Jesus Christ, and that's where we will find unity. Um, Sister Amelia has a praise report. She says this, "I had a dentist appointment today and I have a few cavities." Sister Ameilia, floss, brush, no sugar. I'll get to the rest of it. Had they not been able to take the cavities out, it would have had to have a root I would have had to have a root canal done. But everything turned out good. Praise the Lord. We all go through this. I'll tell you what, our teeth are so important and you can have the worst day of your life if you get a toothache. So, and all of us and it's so expensive and all that, but sister sister Ameilia gives praise that that the Lord took care of her and also she had some blood work done last week and this week she got good results and everything is good. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. Sister Izzy, young Izzy, very proud of you. I was I was walking out of my office and s and young Izzy was walking in and I could see that she had a burden on her shoulders and and uh I love to see this in young people. She said that her friend Josh isn't doing so well and and um I know that he's uh he gets depressed. Am I right? Is he Is that what it is? And she's worried about her friend. We should always pray for one another. We should always have a burden for one another. It's not just people in this churches, but everybody everybody that you meet, everybody that you know. I've said it a number of times that you may know something, Brother Joe. It might be somebody at our work. You know, it might be somebody at the office or it might be somebody in school with with Izzy or the kids. You may be the only person that has ever prayed for that person. It's a soul that God knows. And imagine how much the Lord Jesus appreciates it when we pray for one of his children, especially when other people aren't praying for them. So, let's keep this young man Josh in our prayers. And friends, if you have a request on your heart, it's not just something that we do, but it's something that I believe that the Lord sees. You have to make an effort to raise your hand. And then I believe God sees that effort. If you have something on your heart for yourself or for someone else, I ask that you would raise your hand before the Lord Jesus tonight and make it known to him. Let's bow our heads. Our father, Lord, we're grateful that you were so kind to sister Amelia to take care of her teeth and and Lord provide for her. She puts so much trust in you, Father. A a widow that that that doesn't, Lord, that that always appreciates everything that's done for her. Father, we we thank you for always providing for the widows, always providing for your children, for what you did for Sister Amelia today. We thank you. And Lord, we lift up this young man Josh in prayer &gt;&gt; and ask Father that that whatever is missing in his life, whatever void would be there that you would Lord place replace that void, that empty space, replace it with the Holy Spirit, Father. And may this young man truly know Jesus Christ. And and Father, I pray that that you would use young Izzy to lead him to the Almighty God, to yourself. And Father, we pray for the family. This man is Charlie Kirk. pray that you would, Lord, I can only imagine what his wife is going through right now, having lost her husband and and all of the Lord being on being streamed on the internet and and just the Lord the tragedy of it for her. I pray for her, Lord. Pray for his children. They might not know what's going on now, but Father, as they grow, I pray that they would grow under the hand of Jesus Christ. Lord, for our uplifted hands, you saw them. Lord, you're a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. So, you know the sincerity of the hands that went up, and you know why they went up. And father, we pray that you would answer every prayer tonight. Bless our service. Father, as our brother Josiah comes, young man, Lord, I I just I was taken back when I was praying earlier with Daniel and Josiah. Father, it struck me that the age of these two young men and how they're both leading this service tonight. Thank you, Father, for for young people and the young people that are here present that really believe and are really willing to make a stand for for the Lord, for you. Father, I thank you for them. Lord, what a great honor it is that we can come here tonight and have a young man lead worship and another young man bring your word. Thank you, Father. Thank you for this gift. pray that you would be with us tonight and be with Josiah as he ministers in Jesus name. Amen. Peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. [Music] Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. In peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Cover me through the soul. [Music] Cover me. Sing only in you. Only in you I am safe. Only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. Cover me. Would you pray with me? Lord Jesus, we want you to take control of this service. Lord, we don't want this to be a gathering that's centered on us. If it's centered on us, we could have done that at home. Lord, we came here tonight because we wanted to focus on you. We wanted to have a service dedicated to your glory tonight, Lord. I pray that that's what this service would be, dedicated to the glory of God. Pray that your Holy Spirit would be here tonight to deal with each heart. Lord, you know what each person needs. Pray that you'd get the glory from tonight in Jesus name. Amen. What key are we in? Can we go to F? Can you go to the four and then back to the one? Yes, I know. Yes, I know. Jesus blood can make the vi sinner clean. Oh yes I know. Yes I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. Sing that again. Yes I know. Oh yes I know. Yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. Yes, I know. Yes, I know Jesus blood can make the violence. Sing that one more time. Let me hear you sing it. Oh, and I know. Yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vile sinner clean. And I know, oh, and I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you believe that the emphasis isn't on the vilest sinner, but the emphasis is on the blood of Jesus that can make us clean. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you for playing tonight. Thank you for singing, Daniel. I knew that this was the first night that I've ever got to speak with Daniel song leading because I have handheld two. I always have handheld one. So, there might have been a second delay getting my mic on because of that. Let's read Psalms 100. They're going to put it up on the screen, but if you have a Bible, it's so good to read out of it. I find that when Brother Daniel's preaching, like on Sunday, there was a lot of scripture he read, and if I read it on the screen, I don't remember it as well. So, we have the screen to be helpful. I'm not here to say that there's anything wrong with the screen, but if you have a Bible, I think it'll help you remember the scriptures better, to actually open it up and look down at the words. Let's read this out loud. That's another way to help yourself remember a scripture. Let's read this, the whole psalm, Psalms 100, out loud together. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord, he is God. It is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good, his mercy is everlasting, and his truth endureth to all generations. Can you say amen? Amen. You can all have your seats. Let me start my timer. If you come on Wednesday night and and I'm up here, I always do my best to just do 30 minutes on Wednesday night. That's the goal. It might it might be 15. Maybe I'll talk fast and it'll all be over, but I'll I'll aim to get everybody out and to get good sleep tonight. So, we're starting this thought. I'm I uh I had it on my heart to talk about praise and worship and brother Daniel may take a few services on it and maybe brother Lyall would and that you'd learn a lot more from those two. But it was on my heart to talk about this praise and worship. And tonight we're just going to focus on praise and they are different. Praise and worship are different. Does anyone know how I know that they're different? Because it's a different word. So, there's a word praise and there's a word worship. They're different words. Therefore, they are different things. We're going to talk about praise tonight. And I might accidentally say something that sounds like I'm talking about worship because they do overlap. And before we start, I I just want to share a story, something I learned uh maybe seven or eight years ago about worship. I was laying in bed one Sunday morning And on Sunday morning when you're in bed, you have to get up so you can go to church. And I had decided in 10 seconds of thought that I was too tired to go to church and that I was going to stay home and sleep and maybe I'd go for the evening service or I could stream from home. And then uh I thought and I started to justify myself and say,"Well, I can worship God from here." So I'm I'm just I'm just saying this about worship and then we're going to talk the rest of the night about praise. But I can worship God from right here. I can stay in bed. I don't have to go out and I can worship him from here. And something said, I believe it was the Lord because it's it's stuck with me ever since ever since that day. If you stay in bed, you're worshiping yourself. And I got out of bed. And that action itself is part of worship. When you get up and you say, "I'm going to get in there with my heart set on praising God." just getting out of bed and making the time to go. That is part of your worship right there. That is a that is a key. You might not get anything out of the service. You may leave feeling exactly the same. Notice I said feeling exactly the same because you will be changed even if you didn't feel it, but that is part of your worship. Putting in the effort. Again, we're not talking about worship tonight. I just wanted to share that. Um but we're going to talk about praise. So praise and I'm going to ask the question why praise. You might think, well, is that when we sing songs and clap our hands in church or worship when we raise our hands during the service and uh maybe that one song hits just right and it makes us cry, makes us feel maybe makes us makes us feel sad, maybe makes us feel happy, maybe shout, maybe dance, speak in tongues, maybe get chills. pills down your spine, then what? What's the point of all that? And another question, what are we trying to do when we do that? Are we just trying to get chills? Are we just trying to shout? Are we trying to get some kind of out? And then to take that and make it a little more specific, what is the goal of praise? What is the point? what are we trying to do and what is the goal? So, keep those questions in mind. Now, people often ask, and I've actually seen this question asked to Charlie Kirk on his YouTube page when he was talking about the gospel. Somebody said, "If God is real, then why doesn't he just make us all love him? And why doesn't he just make us all praise him? Why doesn't he just make it so obvious and make us worship him? Why doesn't he do that? That is a commonly asked question. You might get that on the job out in life. If God's real, why doesn't he why doesn't he make us know him? Well, what kind of a relationship would that be if you were forced to do everything? It's a very simple, blunt, straight to the point answer. What kind of relationship would that be if God just made everyone worship him? If he just made everyone love him if you were forced to do it, it wouldn't mean anything. So, I've heard it explained like this about the nature of God, about how he actually loves us. So, imagine there's a guy who likes a girl and he's determined to get this girl to go out with him. And so he asks her if she'll go out with him and she says no or she brushes him off or something. But he's got a lot of courage and he really does like her. So he tries again and again and finally she just says, "Look, you're great, but I only like you as a Oh, it hurts just to say that. Now, what if he said, "Listen, I love you so much that I am going to force you to love me every day of my life and every day of your life, and you don't have a choice. You're going to love me because I love you so much." Call the cops. Run. That is not how God operates. Meanwhile, he does so much for us. And he never asks. He never comes to you and says, "Did you notice how I helped you pay your bills last month? Did you notice how I put food on the table?" He doesn't come seeking attention, seeking praise. He doesn't make you give it to him. And yet, he still blesses us every day. He still gives us all these things. He still makes sure that the bills are paid. The righteous are never forsaken. Their seed are never out begging for bread. The scripture says he's constantly behind the scenes helping us even when we don't notice. Think about this. How wonderful it must make him feel when we say, "Lord, thank you. I could not have made it without you. I could not have done it without the Lord on my side. How wonderful. Take that a step further. It must make him feel when you tell somebody else about it. That the Lord I was in pain and the Lord healed me. I didn't know how I was going to pay my bills and the Lord came through and you tell them that story. I want to take a second because I think this is part of praise because if you think about the word praise, which we'll get to that, but if you think about the word praise, it's not necessarily a spiritual thing. You could say, uh, your boss gave you high praise at work for doing such a good job. Part of praise is testifying about God and all that he's done. So people have a hard time when they go to witness or they go to testify because they don't know what to say. You can say what you are a witness of. You can say what he's done for you. And that's part of giving God praise. And how do you think that makes him feel? How does it make Let me ask you this. How does it make you feel when you're in a group of people and someone says, "Man, Daniel came over and helped me the other week and it was such a blessing." That makes you feel good when somebody acknowledges the good things you did. Now, how about an all- knowing, all powerful, mighty God who does everything for us. I would say he's worthy of some praise, isn't he? He's worthy of being a part of our conversation to talk about the things he's done for us, which he does them every day. His mercies are new every morning. I'm getting ahead of myself, but uh he did command us to do this in the scripture. Go into all the world and share the gospel like I just said. And at the end of saying that, they're all standing there. He says, "Go make disciples. Tell everybody what you saw. Tell everybody what happened. And they're all standing there looking up. And then the angel standing there says, "What are you doing? It's time to go. It's time to take action. It's time to do something about it. I'm not putting you to sleep yet." So even though he wants us to share with others what he does, he never forces us. He never makes us do it. So back to the question, why? Why do we give him praise with our words and our songs? What is the point of praise? Giving praise to God. And what is the goal? Those were our questions. Why do we do it? What's the point? What's the goal? So praise, as I mentioned earlier, it's a verb. And the definition is to express approval or admiration for someone or something. Like I said, it's not necessarily a spiritual thing. You can give someone or something high praise. So, for instance, my mother-in-law is here tonight, and one of my favorite meals that I've ever eaten was chicken salad sandwiches on the beach in Florida. I would say that that is a top five meal of all time that I've ever eaten. And you would say, "That's high praise, Josiah." Coming from someone who eats so much. That's high praise to say, "I didn't I didn't just say that because she's here. It's the most incredible sandwich I've ever eaten." And that's giving praise to something. It's not necessarily spiritual. We've established that. We understand that. Chicken salad sandwiches. So why praise to God? And I think you all know the answer. But let me just humor me. Let me tell you a story. There was a man who was a shepherd who had many sheep and he cared for these sheep and he loved them and he was responsible for them and he watched over them and if something bad would happen it was his job to protect them. But there was a problem in this man's life. That problem was sin. Something had to be done about sin. God has penalties for sin. He requires a life. And this shepherd took the most perfect, clean little lamb he had and killed it as an offering to God. That man's name was Abel. Yes, we know that story. The question is, why do we praise God? Because that's exactly what God did. God took the only perfect lamb and hung it on a cross. Not like Abel making an offering for his sin, God made an offering for our sin and gave his only son on a cross. Let's turn to Philippians 2. Philippians 2. Let's start at the beginning. Let's read the chapter. If there be any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bowels of mercies, fulfill ye my joy, that ye be like-minded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory. Amplified says selfishness. It's not about yourself. It's not about myself. But in loneliness of mind, let each esteem other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. And then the famous couple verses here that most of us can quote. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God but made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient like that little lamb that we were just talking about. Became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God has also highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow of things in heaven and things in earth and things under the earth. and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. God did this for us so he would get the glory. It's so easy to think about how great it was that God how how great a sacrifice God made and how wonderful it is that he'd do that for us. to the glory of God the Father. The only reasonable thing to do for a God that has given everything to us and a God that we really can't give much back to. He doesn't need our money. He doesn't need our whatever it is. It is reasonable for us to praise him for what he's done. That is the answer to the why. Because he gave everything for us. The least we could do is tell him how great he is and show our gratitude through praising him. And I love that it says that every knee should bow. I didn't get a chance to go study uh in the Greek to see if I have this right. Every knee should bow and every tongue should confess but they don't. Every knee doesn't bow and every tongue doesn't confess. There will come a day that it will happen when every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus is Lord and we should be doing it here in church and everywhere we go in the world. So to look back, like I said, let nothing be done through strife. That's verse three. Through strife or vain glory, selfishness. It's not about it's not about me. It's not about you. It's about the perfect lamb of God who took upon my sin when I should have been the one paying the paying the penalty for it. I should have been the one dying. That's why I praise him. That's why he's worthy of it. In Romans 1, Romans 12:1 just says uh we should present our bodies a living sacrifice which is our reasonable service. He gave himself a sacrifice. He gave he gave himself to the point of death. And this says you can still live. You don't have to die. Present your body as a living sacrifice to him. So this is serious. This isn't a light matter. God gave everything even his only son and that's why we praise him. Now I don't think anyone agre disagrees with that. I think that's pretty much accepted by everyone in our Wednesday night crowd. But now let's move to the next point. Uh I'm not going to spend too much time on this. I was going to spend more time I think maybe on another night. We'll take a whole uh a whole Wednesday night study to talk about uh this there's no middle ground in praise in praising God and worshiping God. There's no middle. There's no in between. Uh it's not something worthy of Sunday and Wednesday only. And there's many scriptures we could read for that that we won't read tonight. But the main point is that there's no middle ground in this. This isn't something that you stand on the sidelines. Should I say it? This isn't something you stand on the sidelines when the song when Daniel sings the song you don't like because it's not about you. It's not about the song. It's not about how well we sing it or these instruments. It's about a perfect, holy, mighty, powerful God. And when somebody in a service, think about that, when you choose to not worship God because you don't like the song. Lord, I was going to praise you. I was praising you on the last song. I was able to praise you on the last song. I can't I'm no longer able to praise you because they're singing a song I don't like. Or maybe maybe maybe just a song you don't know. But you know if you don't know the song, you can still praise him. That says make a that scripture we read at the beginning says make a joyful noise unto the Lord all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come into his presence with singing. Enter his gates with thanksgiving. Here's a trick. If you don't know the song, close your eyes and start to thank the Lord for the things he's done. Start to tell him how wonderful he is. You still got a voice. You still have a tongue. You still have breath in your lungs. How many times have we sung with every breath that I am able, but only if they sing the songs I know. You still have breath in your lungs when you don't know the song. And especially when we're coming to church and we have a half an hour before brother Daniel comes out to preach and we have a h about a half hour to get this place in an atmosphere where the word can come forth. We don't have time to complain about the song. We don't have time to wish it was a different way. The only thing we have time to do is to lift God up and praise him so that he would feel welcome in our service. so that he can move. Isn't that what we all want? I don't want to come across as an angry worship leader who has who has opinions. I really believe we have a purpose in that in that 30 minute period before the word comes to make this place. Think about the new people that are coming in off the street. Add some of them here Sunday morning. What if, God forbid, what if I'm the reason that they don't feel the presence of the Lord in that service because I have a bad attitude? I'm not going to make it about anyone else. What if it's my fault? What if I'm trying to do things my own way? I'll say it as a worship leader up here. What if I want things to go a certain way, be louder, maybe be quieter, and I make it about something other than God? What if I'm guilty of that person not experiencing the presence of the Lord? And what if one of us has to stand there one day and the Lord plays on that great day, all you had to do was give me thanks. All you had to do was give me praise. Oh, let us not, Lord Jesus, let us not be a church. That does not make him feel welcome. So when someone comes in and they need to encounter Jesus Christ, let us not get in the way of that. And one way I can guarantee will never get in the way in the way of that is if we are praising God with our whole hearts. So, we would all agree that when we come to church, we want to feel his presence here. Nobody would say that they want to come to church and not feel his presence. And I don't like to use the word feel because it really doesn't depend on your feeling. You may feel him and you may not. And he could be right there and you not feel him. And if you don't feel him, like I said, that doesn't stop you from praising him. just because you don't feel him there. So, like I said, I don't like there's nothing wrong with wanting to feel the presence of the Lord. But that's not the most important thing. That's all I'm saying by that. So, we would all agree we want the presence of the Lord in our service. We want him to feel welcome. And we do like even though it's not the most important thing, we want to feel his presence near. That's that is a good thing to desire. I'm not saying it's not a good thing to want. So, how do we get that? Giving praise to God. Let's turn to Psalms 22. I opened up with a psalm because if somebody's going to talk about praise, you would just if you closed your eyes and said, "Pick a book that you're going to talk about praise from." Most people would say Psalms. Psalms 22. Verse three. Let's go right to verse three. Thou, oh Lord, but thou, excuse me, but thou art holy, oh thou that inhabitest inhabits the praises of Israel. So he lives in the praises. David is saying, "Lord, you you dwell, you inhabit, you live in the praises of your people, Israel." I think we could say he would live in his in the praises of the people at Tucson Tabernacle. Also, he lives in the praises of his people. So, go back to the first verse. This is a very very very very famous verse because the most famous person who's ever lived quoted this. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Why art thou so far from helping me? And from the words of my roaring, Amplified says, groaning. Now, if Jesus hadn't said this, I would almost think that that's the wrong attitude. So, I learned from reading this, it's okay to ask the Lord, why am I going through this if it's done in the right spirit, if it's done in the right attitude, because Jesus asked the very question, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? And then verse two, oh my God, I cry in the daytime, but thou hearest not. And in the night season, and I'm not silent. So these first two verses are lamenting. Why have you forsaken me, Lord? I cried, but thou hearest not. So these first two verses are very negative it seems and very almost selflooking and then the third verse if you read this it almost seems like David has a but thou art holy oh Lord oh thou that inhabits the praises of his people. You know what's interesting about this psalm? Read the rest of it when you get home or sometime almost the rest of the entire thing is just David exalting the Lord. It starts off with Lord you didn't hear me. I cried and you didn't hear me. And then it's like this realization. Oh, you inhabit the praises of your people. That's where you dwell. And he spends the rest of the chapter praising the Lord and lifting him up and giving him glory. He says, we'll read a few verses because it's so beautiful. He says, "Our fathers trusted in thee. They trusted and thou did deliver them." Can you say amen? They cried unto thee and were delivered. They trusted in thee. and were not confounded. But I am a worm and no man, a reproach of men and despised of the people. Look at the humility there. Once you realize if I want to encounter God, he inhabits the praises of his people. start to lift him up and just watch him come down. Just watch him come on the scene. And it's it's painted out right here in this beautiful psalm. And I encourage you to read the whole thing on your own. So like I said, I don't want to spend too much time tonight. I just wanted to lay foundation. We're going to spend several Wednesday nights on praise and worship. And I think we understand even before coming here, this isn't something you didn't already know. When we praise, it's not about us. It's about Jesus. It's about what he did for us. Brother Daniel said that he doesn't need he said, I'm I'm going to try to quote him verbatim. He said, 'I don't need a church of 500 people. We love to see new converts. We love to baptize people. We would like our church to grow. He said, "But that's not what matters." He said, "If I could just have 20 that really knew the Lord, that would be better than having 600 people in this building." He said, "If I could just have 20 people that really had a relationship with Jesus Christ." So I would say as a worship leader, it would be wonderful if we started off the service and people were shouting and people were clapping their hands and people were rejoicing and people ran and people were just free in the service that would make me feel so good. But if we could just have 20 people for 30 minutes who the whole service their mind is focused and their heart their heart's intent is focused on lifting up Jesus Christ. If we could just have 20 people that do that maybe never open their mouth the whole service but have their heart and mind sincerely focused on Jesus Christ. That would be better than having 500 people that sang the song perfectly. 500 people that raised their hands or shouted or clapped. If there was 20 people in a service and that was all that was there and they were focused on Jesus Christ, can you imagine the service that would be? So, I would like to leave you with the thought of when you come here and you're worshiping him, think about some of these songs we sing. When I saw the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my sin, I obeyed the spirit's wooing when he said, "Wilt thou be clean?" The emphasis isn't on me seeing the cleansing fountain or the spirit talking to me. The emphasis is on him. And the and the course says when I saw that open wide for all my sin, I will praise him. I will praise him. I will praise the lamb for sinner slain. When you sing, when I think of God, his son, not sparing, sent him to die, I scarce can take it in. That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing, he bled and died to take away my sin. The song isn't about my soul. Then sings my soul, my savior God, to thee, how great thou art. Like I said, it doesn't matter the noise we make. It matters if our hearts and minds are focused on Jesus Christ. But how does that not make you feel some kind of way when I think that God, his son, not sparing, sent him to die for me? How does that not make you want to shout every once in a while and give the Lord glory and testify about his goodness and say, "Lord, I am an unworthy sinner and you are so great." Then sings my soul. When that really connects my soul, my savior God to thee, how great you are. Not how great I am, how great you are for what you've done, Lord Jesus. It's about him. If we could have that same attitude in every service, think of the people that would come in, sinners, lost that would come into this service and feel the presence of the Lord here. Think of what could happen if we focused on the Lord and not on ourselves. That's what praise is. That's why we do it because it's about him and that's the goal is to lift him up in everything we do. If the musicians want to come and if you'd stand with me, let's have a word of prayer. We're going to sing a song. And if we could spend three minutes at the end of this Wednesday night, maybe more, but if we could spend three minutes and everyone in here's heart was focused on one person, the one who bled and died for all of us, who hung on that cross so I wouldn't have to. If we could focus on him for a few minutes. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, if you'd play, how great thou are. Lord Jesus, you are worthy. No one in this room is worthy except you, Lord, because you live in the praises of your people. And we're here tonight to give you praise, Lord Jesus. Lord, if the words I spoke failed, if they didn't make any sense, it wouldn't matter if you were lifted up in this service. It wouldn't matter if we didn't have a piano, if we didn't have microphones, if we didn't have new carpet. If you were glorified in this service, it wouldn't matter, Lord Jesus, as long as you get the glory in each one of these lives tonight. Lord Jesus, help us to glorify, Lord Jesus. How guilty I am, Lord, of making the songs about me, making the service about me, Lord, when you're the only one worthy, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. God be praised. God be praised. Hallelujah. Let's sing this. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all the world's thy hands have made. Just speak to him tonight. Oh, I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Blessed be your name. Thy power throughout the universe displayed. Yes, Jesus. Oh, then sings my soul. Oh Lord, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. Thank you, Lord. How great thou are. Oh, then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee, Lord, you are great. Oh, how great thou are. [Music] How great thou art. Verse two, just continue to think about him. Oh, when through the woods and forest glades I wander and hear the birds singing sweetly in the your creation. Oh God, you created them. And when I look down from lofty mountain grander, yes, Lord. Oh, and hear the brook and feel the gent. Oh Lord, it makes me want to praise you tonight. Oh yes. then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou art. Oh, how great thou are. Yes. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou art. Think of this third verse now. Oh, and when I think that God, his son not spare. Oh, hallelujah. But sent him to die. I scarce can take it. This is what it's all about. Think about it. Oh, that on that cross, that cross for me, my burden gladly bearing. He bled and died to take away my sin. It's then then sings my soul my savior God to thee. How great thou are Lord. How great thou are. How great thou are. Yes. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. There's one more verse. When Christ shall come. Yes. With shout ofation that's coming. And he'll take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Think of this now. Then I shall bow. [Music] in humble adoration and there proclaim, oh my God, how great thou art. Build and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. Well, then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? That is scriptural. That is written in the Psalms. Clap your hands unto the Lord. He's worthy. He is worthy of all praise. He's worthy. So worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. Oh yes, he's worthy. Lord Jesus, you're worthy. So worthy. Oh, worthy. The lamb that was slain. Sing that again. Worthy. Oh, he's worthy. Oh worthy. Oh worthy the lamb that was slain. Let's sing verse one. Hear the cries of the shackled from the onset of time. For the chains of defeat, there's no key. There was no one to save me from my sin. See the tears of the broken, the cries of the slain. Is there no one [Music] worthy to set us free? But then the crying was still. Then the crying is still as the chorus rings out. Oh, the shackled released from their chains. You part of that group. And thousands of voices are swelling the song, singing worthy, worthy the lamb. Sing it tonight. Oh yes, he's worthy. So worthy. Lord, you're worthy. The lamb that was slain. You're worthy, Lord Jesus. Oh, he's worthy. Worthy, so worthy. The lamb that was slain. The last verse. Then all the archangels [Music] and the saints of all time holding their crowns in their hands. I want to be in that number. I don't know about you. They'll fall down before him joining the song. One more time. Worthy, worthy the lamb. One more time with all our hearts this evening. Sing it. Worthy. The lamb thou was slain. Worthy, worthy, worthy. The lamb th just three minutes. Just three minutes to give him praise. And we can give him praise. We can shout. We can cry. We can speak in tongues. Whatever it is, let's just give him praise. So now as before we sing this song again, think about what he has done for you. Think about how much he has blessed you. Think about the blessings that are on your life. Think about the blessings that God has poured out upon you. And now let's sing that song again. Worthy is the lamb. Think about those things as you give him praise and say, "Lord, thank you for what you have done. You are worthy of my praise." Can you do that? And let's praise him one more time. &gt;&gt; Hear the cries of the shackle from the onset of time. &gt;&gt; For the chains of defeat, there's no key. [Music] See the tears of the broken, the cries of the slaves. Is there no one worthy to set us free &gt;&gt; now? Just praise him with everything that's in you. &gt;&gt; Oh, worthy. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. The lamb that was slain. Hallelujah. Worthy. Worthy. &gt;&gt; The lamb that was slain. When peace like a river attendeth my way And sorrows like seas builds road. Whatever my life, thou has taught me to say it is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; With my soul. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; It is well. It is well. with my soul. [Music] Though Satan should buff it, though trials should come. Let this bless assurance control [Music] that Christ has regarded [Music] my helpless days and hath shed his own blood for my soul. It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. It is well with our souls because of the slain lamb. Because of the one that died on the cross for me. We worship and we praise. I think he's worthy of both. And I I think it's a when I hear somebody minister, I judge a success in that when I leave, I want to do what that minister was telling me. And I think that tonight was a success because I'm going to leave here tonight and I want to praise him more. I want to praise him with my words. I want to praise him with my life. I want to praise him with everything about me. I want to praise the Lord. And as our brother said, the way that one of the ways that we can praise him is to play pay him compliments. &gt;&gt; Here is what he did in my life. Amen. Brother Joe, if you'd come and close in prayer. Do you appreciate Brother Josiah? &gt;&gt; Amen. Nice to be in church with you all tonight. It's turning out to be just real beautiful here and the lovely spirit. So, we love you and appreciate each one. Let's go to him in prayer. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in presence, Lord, of wonderful people that believe this message. And Lord, how great it is to see them, but how much greater, Lord, and beyond our comprehension to just come in your presence, Lord, to praise and worship and lift up the name of Jesus on high. And we appreciate these times together, Lord. There's things in the world that are unstable, uncertain, but we know this word, this gospel, this message is certain. We put all of our hope, our faith, our trust in it tonight, Lord, and this very desk I believe the prophet stood behind. We're very humbled, Lord, to be here and to just call upon the name of the Lord for grace in our lives. Lord, we just plead for your blood, your mercy, knowing that things on the outside aren't going to get better. We know they'll be in decline, but things for the church, Lord, will be better each day as we praise and worship you, lifting up your name. And we just want to bring honor to the name of Jesus, Lord. We don't always know how to do that on the job and in our lives. But we know, Brother Brandham preached that sermon, Lord. I've listened to it here recently, standing for Jesus and being your billboard. And and we know that the sisters are maybe an easier billboard, a more difficult walk at times. But may our lives just shine the light of Christ. And as we praise you, Lord, and give thanks to you, may those around us see that, recognize that, and see Jesus, Lord, in each one. Go with us as we leave this place, Lord, and guide our each footstep. We know the footsteps of a good person, a righteous man or ordered of the Lord. Bless the pastor here, Brother Dan, Josiah, Daniel, Lord, each member. We appreciate the Dooall family and the Petersons and each one so much and just feel very humbled to be with you, brother Lyall, and the saints here. just to lift up the name of Jesus and all that we say and do for that's our desire in the wonderful name of our precious Lord and Savior the Lord Jesus Christ all God's people say amenise
