################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Closing The Book of Colossians Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    Closing The Book of Colossians: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9Oyy81EfF0
========================================

Description:
Sunday ,June 22nd, 2025,  5PM. Pastor Daniel Evans finishes our series with Colossians 4:7-18.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Good evening. We stand and sing that song of all cars. of all power of all kings, all ang [Music] [Applause] you are here before the world of our kingom throne. All wonder the world can see [Music] the treasures of the earth. [Music] There's no way to find me behind the stone. [Applause] rejected in my role [Music] and you got me [Music] upon power upon me [Music] upon nature and all dream of all wisdom and call [Music] you here before the world of all kingom of all throne of All wonderers the world is all [Music] treasures on the earth. [Music] Crucified [Music] laid behind the stone. live to die. rejected and like tremble the ground fall me [Music] behind the stone. to die every [Music] [Applause] fall and you thought of me All [Music] Lord I come to you. Let my heart be changed. We flowing from the grave. [Music] [Applause] Lord, I come to you. I see. [Music] By the power of your love [Music] and be your love surround. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] And I [Music] rise up my [Applause] [Music] soul. your spiral. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I I'll rise up like a [Music] [Applause] [Music] so your spirit leads me on the power of your love. The power of love, the greatest love that power that there is. Even what you see, the electricity and all that, without God, all of that is useless. It'll come to its end. But his love is eternal. It's perfect. And that's the love he loves you with. And he said, you know, I'll give my life for you. Amen. How many appreciate that today? It's so good to know that he cares for us. Elizabeth Gary, my sister-in-law, she asked to pray for Bianca deeds. She's not been feeling well today. And I know that brother Sean, your dad is he's out in on the airplanes that they do the the deliveries and all. And seems like every time we hear a plane, it goes down. But God watches over his. How many knows that God watches over you? He knows who you are. He knows where you are. So if you have a need and you would say, "Lord, remember me." God knows what that is. But you know, commit it to him. Give it to him. Don't tell him how to do it. Just say, "Lord, I give it to you. You know what's best." Lord, as we as we bow our heads and our hearts before you and the service starts this evening, Lord, and we want to give you all honor and all glory and all praise, Lord. Sometimes we look at ourselves and and we we find ourselves so short and just struggling with this and and the things Lord that we want victory over and we want. But Lord, each one of those trials, each one of those things has a purpose and ask to draw us close to you, to have us call on your name, Lord, because you desire to draw nigh to us, Lord. for Bianca there at home and Shawn and his job as as he's flying across country and each one of them each one today Lord that has a need Lord every hand and heart here Lord is speaking with brother Jordan and as he he's gone on a three weekek work trip Lord that you would be with him and brother Jude as they travel doing the work they're going to be doing Lord you would take care of the family at home Lord and this evening Lord we just ask you to have your way as our brothers minister your word, Lord. And what is your word? It's the power of your love made manifest, made real, Lord. We thank you for that. So, we just commit the rest of this service to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. We're going to sing another song and then Sister Hope has a special after that. [Music] down from his glory. [Music] Ever liveing story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strange man of sorrows, tears and negle. Oh, how I love you. How I do my praise, my son. My all in all the great creator be king my savior and all God's soul dwell in. Oh, what decision bringing us redemption in the name God gracious to laid aside his sto [Music] to save my soul. [Music] Oh, how I love him and how I adore him. My breath, my sun, [Music] my all the great creator. He became my savior and god's holy dwelling in him with love. Flesh and blood is such he [Music] glorious mystery. the sacrifice of Caly. And now I know the great I am. Oh, how I love him. How I adore you, my breath, my soul shine, my all in all, the great creator, he be my savior [Music] and all God's holy [Music] dwelling in me. Sing it with me if you will. I come to the garden. While the deer is still on the roes [Music] and the voice I hear falling on my ear. I find discloses and he walks with me and he talks with me and he he tells me I am his love. And the joys we share as we tear their no has ever heard His voice is so sweet. The birds hatch their singing and the melody that he gave to me. My heart is real and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am is and rejoice we share as we cher there no other has ever I'd and everything with him. Throw the light around me before. But he lives through the voice around. His voice to hear is calling and he walks with me. He talks with me and he tells me I am his love and rejoice. We share as we tear there as ever. and the joys we share as we cher no other has ever known. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you, Sister Hope. I want to sing the love of God. Um, this song typically is about the love of God and the love that he has for us. But I was thinking this morning when brother Lyall was talking about charity and the love of God and know the love of God in us for one another and how great it is if we have charity and love for one another. Um, so I want to sing this song. The love of God is greater far than Tom. in it until [Music] it goes beyond [Music] the highest star [Applause] and it reaches to [Music] the Lord's The guilty pray [Music] down with pain. God gave his son to me. his child. He break and fall. [Applause] Oh love of God, how rich [Music] strong. It shall forever hold you. The saints in me [Music] could be with me. The ocean feel [Music] [Applause] where every star [Applause] on earth [Applause] in every way. describe my dream to write the love [Applause] of God would bring me [Music] Mark the stroll. Come take the Lord. Stra. [Music] Oh love of God. How rich and true. I'll be your [Music] strong. It shall forever hold the saints in me. [Music] Let's pray. Father, we're grateful once again to come among your children, your your believers. Lord, we pray that you'd be with us tonight as we go through these scriptures and finish this book from the Apostle Paul, this letter. We pray Lord that everything said would be pleasing to you and Lord the same spirit in which it was written would come forth from the pulpit tonight we ask Lord may your will be done we pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you and be seated. I'm uh thankful to be here tonight. We're going to have a we're going to have a good time tonight. It's um we're going to have a little bit of a different service. Um, I will uh finish up the book of Colossians. There's a there's a few sentences left and then um Brother Lyle is going to speak and is going to introduce um the the context of the book and and where it was written. And he's going to give us a foundation on this book of Colossians. And then I'm going to read the entire book and it'll probably take 10 minutes or so and out of the New Living Translation, just an easily understood common language translation so we can get how the church at Colasse felt when this letter was first read to them. I think it's going to be a really interesting service. Um, first I want to make a couple announcements. Um, the uh, so we finally we have our carpet ordered and uh, we can see we getting some painting done and it looks like we should start carpet installation uh, next month. So hopefully we'll be finished with then I think that we will be pretty close to finished with the sanctuary once we get the carpet installed. We still have some some work back there in the sound booth. Um and then some we still have some work on the walls. If if you see Lionel Salazar, I want everyone here, if you see him, put out your hand and thank him for the hard work that he's done and and texturing the walls. He's he came here, he didn't want to get paid for anything. He's just um a labor of love for the church. So, make sure Yeah. Make sure you greet brother Lionel and tell him thank you because it uh he he does a really good job. He's very meticulous. Um so, I really appreciate it. I know I know you do, too. Another thing I'd like to do with the church is this has been on my heart. It's been on my heart for like well since I've become pastor now almost two years. I would like to have a service dedicated about once a month on answering questions that's on the congregation's heart. And uh it's just been it's just been getting stronger and stronger. And a lot of times you have this, you know, with me, I'll have a lane brain idea and it's like it sounds really good. It's like, oh, we're going to do this. And then I've learned now in my old age, I'm going to be a grandpa. I you are going to hear that a lot from now on, but now I've learned to pause and to seek the Lord on everything and and just wait. And sometime that emotion, that excitement, it kind of goes away. It fades. But this I uh it's just kept getting stronger and stronger. And then as uh as we were leaving today, uh sister Stephanie, brother Tony were the last ones to leave. They greeted me and on their way out, we talked for a little while. And sister Sister Stephanie said, "How have you ever thought about answering some of the questions that's on the congregation's heart?" She said, "You know, you may assume that the congregation understands things and you may refer to it." She said, "But it would be nice if if there was something on the people's hearts that they could write down a question and then you could address it maybe on a Sunday night or a Wednesday night." And I was like, "You know what? Other people have said it. It's been on my heart. Now I think that we should move forward in doing it." Do you do you like that idea? Do you think And you'll have to contribute. you. You'll have to I don't want to not have any questions, you know, and then I'll make some up. Um why doesn't anybody have any questions? And then I could answer that one. Um but no, I would I think it would be good that we could answer um we could devote maybe a service a month or even more, who knows, to doing that. And uh, Brother Lyle and I are gonna wrap up this next series that we've been on. And um, this may take the place of one of those services that we do on Wednesday night or we may do it on Sunday at night. I don't know. I'm very very open to suggestions that you have. And I I'm really I'm excited about it. I want to hear what what the congregation what's on their minds, what uh what they may not understand or may they may ask why, you know, why do you use so many different translations of the Bible. What are the different translations of the Bible? Um, who were these people in the New Testament? Who are these some of these people that you that I might refer to and you might not know who they are? Anything really anything on your heart? Feel free to ask and I'd like to have some time obviously to study them and get ready for them before I answer. So, we'll uh I'll I'll I'll say more on that uh coming up. This let's wrap up this letter to the Colossians. The letter was written about 60 AD. It's written by the Apostle Paul and I've as I've introduced it every time I've said that Paul did had never met most of these people in Colasse. So therefore, Paul did not start the church. Colasse was a smaller city in the area. The cities of like Leodysia were much bigger. Colassi was small. So the congregation was also probably very small. I'll bet you it was about the size of maybe this congregation that we have here, maybe even smaller. The congregation that we have here may have been about the size, it's even bigger than the church at Ephesus that started. So, it's um yeah, I'm talking about here tonight on this Sunday night with with the few of us that are here. So, it was it was a fairly small uh congregation. We assume the pastor is a man named Epapris and he came to visit Paul in prison. But it's strange, he doesn't take the letter that Paul writes back to the people. This may have been because Epaparis was imprisoned at the same time Paul was. Or it could have been that he had he had other uh things to do or he was he was caught up away in something else. But it was delivered by a na man named Titicus who I'm going to I'm going to mention when we close out this letter. And Paul mentions uh I didn't count exactly but uh 8 n 10 people in the closing of his letter. So we've got to right up until this point to the very end of the letter to Colasse. And now we are going to read basically the people that he acknowledges at the end. It's actually really interesting. Let's go to Colossians the last chapter. Chapter 4 verse 7 verse. I think we left off in verse six. So verse seven, Colossians, thank you. On my state shall Titicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother and faithful minister and fellow servant in the Lord, whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate and comfort your heart. So Ticus, Ticus, he's the one that's delivering the letter, and he's a minister of the gospel. Remember this is a new faith. So everyone is I mean it's it's been maybe around for the the religion had started maybe 40 years earlier with Jesus but um it is or less but it it now it is just starting to form. So we have these new ministers also getting out on the field. Verse number nine. So Titicus he's this minister and he's delivering the letter. Verse number nine, with Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you, they shall make known unto you all things which are done here. Now, right there is a mouthful and you could just might just read over it. Do you know who Onesimus is? There's this book. There's this letter that Paul wrote to this man named Phileiman. The letter to Phileiman was concerning this man Onesimus. Onesimus was a runaway slave from Phileiman. And Phileiman Paul is like, "Hey, charge whatever he owes you to me and accept Onesimus as one of your own." So the whole letter of Phileiman is about this man Onesipus. Ones Onesimus and he's mentioned right here. And what's really neat with Onesimoth Onesimus a faithful and beloved brother who is one of you. He was a slave and now he's he's the subject of this. Paul mentions him. So Paul vouches for Onesimus. Again, showing that Paul, like I mentioned earlier this morning, that Paul is firm on the premises that all Christians are created equal and God is not a respector of persons, bond or slave. And even though this man Onesimus was really technically a criminal, runaway slave, somehow when we when we go through the book of Phileiman, it's it's really amazing. runaway slave that meets Paul and gives his heart to the Lord and then goes back to Phileiman with this letter in hand and probably hoping man I hope I don't get I mean the punishment was probably death for a runaway slave so Paul is saying that this Onesimus he's one of you he's equal to you Aristarus verse number 10 Aristarus My fellow prisoner salutes you and Marcus sister's son to Barnabas touching whom you have received commandments. If he come to you receive him. Aristarus is mentioned in the book of Acts and he's one of Paul's traveling companions. Marcus is famous. Marcus, the King James says Marcus is Barnabas's nephew. Okay. Other translations say he's the cousin. So, it's one of those things that's difficult to nail down in the Bible, but the the point is is he's related to Barnabas. And this is important in the book of Acts. This is the same Marcus, Mark, who most scholars say wrote the Gospel of Mark. This is also the one that Paul probably the one that Paul had the dispute with in the book of Acts. Remember he kind of got cold feet and Mark leaves the trip and Barnabas was upset with Paul when Mark when Mark wants to come back and Paul's like no he left us before. So this is that same one and right here Paul is vouching for Mark or Marcus in the Greek. Later on, Paul pays Mark after in the book of Acts, Paul pays Mark great respect, saying that he's helpful in the ministry. Verse number 11, and Jesus, which is called justice, who are of the circumcision, these are my fellow workers under the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me. Jesus was a common name back then. It's the Greek translation of the Hebrew name Yeshua, Joshua. Very common name back there. This is the Greek pronunciation of that Hebrew name Josh Joshua. And that was Jesus's name. And this man has the same name as Jesus. And he's the apostle here is saying now this is Jesus who is called justice. That's that's the one who are of the circumcision. They're Jews. These are these only are my fellow workers under the kingdom of God which have been a comfort unto me. Epaparis who is one of you a servant of Christ salute you always laboring fervently for you in prayers that he may that you may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God. This is the pastor of the church of Colasse. And Paul is saying in his letter, he's he's greeting you. He loves you. He's always thinking about you. He's praying for you. And that is why really a lot of um Paul is saying that he greets you, but he's not sending the letter. That's why a lot of scholars think, well, he probably was imprisoned because this was really a persecution, a start of a really bad persecution against the Christians. For I bear him record that he has hath great a great zeal for you. This is our pastor. And them that are at Leodysa and them in Hierropolis. So Leodysa is close to Colasse. Luke the beloved physician and Deus greet you. This is the same doctor, this man Luke who wrote the Gospel of Luke. He wrote the book of Acts and he's the beloved friend and traveling companion of Paul, the beloved physician Luke. Now, and Deeus, Deeus, tragically in second Timothy, Deeus backslid and Deeus left the faith and fell in sin of the world. We know that with Paul's last letter that he ever wrote, which was in second Timothy, that Deeus had forsaken him loving the world. And that's about five years or so after this letter is written. So tragic. Deus is he's on point here. But he backslides and uh we don't know whatever happens to him after that. Verse number 15. S salute the brethren which are in Leodysia and Memphis and the church which which is in his house. Leodysia um is a city and it's there's a church in that city. Um interestingly here the um this person Memphis um the King James and the New King James uh talk about this person and Memphis and then they use the masculine pronoun here and Memphis and the church which is in his house. Most other translations more other modern translation use the feminine from the feminine version here where it's Memphis and the church in her house. It's one of those things we simply don't know. And you can look at the reg original Greek uh and you cannot tell is this a man or a woman. Some translations say it's a man. Some translations say it's a woman. Um it it's not a problem with the Bible. They just they don't know. But the the fact is there's a church in this person's house. And the translators really have no way of knowing. Verse number 16. And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Leodysans and that you likewise read the epistle from Leodysia. Another very very interesting thing. So we have this neighboring city much bigger city than Colassi called Leodysia. And it says that hey take this letter that now that I have sent you and now you read that in this other church in Leodysia and take the letter that I sent to Leodysia and read or someone sent to Leodysia and read that in your church in Colasse. What letter is he talking about? This letter to the Leodysans. The fact is we don't know. It could be there really two viable possibilities. It could be that this is a letter that was lost, which is many of them. This is a letter that was sent to the Leodysans from Paul or Apollos or one of the uh apostles to Leodysia that never was recorded, never was put in the canon of the scriptures. Or it could be a letter that we are all familiar with. Let's turn really quick to Revelation chapter three. Revelation chapter 2 and chapter 3 are letters written to churches like this. Leodysia, Ephesus, Smyrnia, the church at Smyrnia, the church at Thotyra, the church at Pergamos, the church at Sardis, the church at Philadelphia, and the church at Leodysia. Revelation chapter 3, that church, that letter that was written to the Leodysans, it's and this may be the same one. It may not, but I'll read it quickly. It's only a few verses. Says, "And unto the angel of the church of Leo, of the Leodysans, write these things, sayeth the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou work cold or hot." So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth, because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and and white reignment that thou mayest be clothed and that thou and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as my even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. the letter to the Leodysans. Was that this letter that the Apostle Paul says read to the Colossians? We don't know. Could be, maybe not. They're both uh in Asia Minor. They're they're all all those churches are down in that same place. And verse number 17 in Colossians chapter 4. and say to Archipus, "Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord that thou fulfill it." We don't know who this man Archipus is, but he could be the pastor possibly of the church at Leodysia. We don't know, but it comes right after he mentions that and that is a possibility there. The last verse, this the salutation by the hand of me, Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen. So Paul's writing this from Rome where he was eventually beheaded. And so he closes he closes this book, greets these greetss these people and uh then gives it to this man to go and to read to the church. So now we'll we'll move forward with our service. I I wanted to close out and and explain who these people were that he was greeting. And now I would like to, brother Lyall is going to lay a foundation for us reading the whole book, the whole letter. And it's going to be really neat because it's going to be like this is how it was. They were anticipating reading this before. I thought I asked brother Josiah. I said, "Hey, do you know any Jewish songs?" You know, so we could kind of get the feeling. The problem is they're not Jewish people here. there there were gentile people, but there was probably some Jewish a lot of Jewish influence there. So, I asked Brother Josiah if he could sing um one or two songs that could be kind of lay the foundation for brother Lyle here. Let's try something a little different. We're all going to start clapping before the music starts. Okay. So, I'm going to step away from the microphone. [Applause] Don't speed up. [Applause] Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together. Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity. In unity, lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie. In unity, in unity. Li. Behold, behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together. Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell in unity. Unity unity in un sorry lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie in unity. in unity. Li lie lie lie lie lie lie lie. Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together. Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell in unity in unity. In unity. Li lie. In unity. In unity. Li. In unity. In unity. In unity. Lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie. Brother. Lie lie lie lie lie. [Music] [Applause] Hopefully I'm not too far in LA. Good evening. You know, when I was a kid, and I was, I love to read mysteries. What happened? What are the clues? How was it resolved? When I was young, I read all the Hardy Boy books. When my vocabulary expanded a bit, I was ready to advance beyond juvenile stories. I read Sherlock Holmes and and Agatha Christie. Well, tonight, our pastor is going to share with us a message from Paul that contains a great mystery, not greatly mysterious, but great like great art. Before brother Daniel shares it with us, let's establish some context. Let's imagine life in the mid 1st century AD. Let's imagine we're in a small city many miles from the coast of western Turkey. The town is Colasse. Now, it's hard to make a leap of almost two millennia, but stepping back in time isn't. We do it all the time. You hear a plane flying over, you look up. There's no plane where the sound is coming from. So you judge the direction the sound is moving and then look ahead in that direction and you see the plane. Light travels faster than sound. So what we see and what we hear are already in the past by the time we experience them. Well, fasten your seat belts. The sound is going really slow and we're going to journey almost 2,000 years in the next few minutes. You've already noticed I'm not using any slides to show you a map or a view of an ancient site. There were no projectors where or or rather when we are going. Imagine you have no cell phone. There's no internet, no computer, no recorded music, CDs, cassette players, vinyl records, wax cylinders. There's no movies, no videos, no photographs, no dishwasher, no washing machine, no clothes dryer, no telephone. No one has any of these things in the entire world. No credit cards. That's a good thing. No ATMs, no grocery stores, no cars, no smoothly paved roads, no railroads, no airplanes, no indoor running water, hot or cold, no indoor plumbing at all. No toilet, no shower, no bathtub, no sink, no glass windows, no fans, no air conditioning, no heater, no thermostats, no natural gas, no electricity. The average person might have a change of clothing, maybe two, no more. No razor to shave. Oh, I wouldn't miss that, I guess. No scissors to trim or cut. Very limited opportunity to bathe. People smell. I mean, they really smell. Hygiene, disease are not yet linked. Public health is poor. No hospital ERS, no real doctors, no nurses, no antiseptic, no chiropractors have a toothache, there's no dentists, there's no toothbrushes, there's no toothpaste. The vast majority of the population works in agriculture. Larger farms are worked by sharecroers or slaves. There are no tractors, no combines, no pumps for irrigation. Taxes are really high. Public officials are almost universally corrupt. Justice is handled by a person most others beside despise who openly practice favoritism, cronyism. Harsh punishments are meed out for the most minor offense, real or imagined. Capital punishment is common. Its administration is swift and public. Men typically married at the age of 12 or 13 or 14. Girls often at 11 or 12. If you survive to age 10, you'd you'd probably live to your late 40s or 50s. A few might make it longer. There are no pain medications, no allergy shots, no preventive medicine. Children commonly die before the age of three. Women often die in agony during childbirth. Outbreaks of pestilence are common. The streets are mostly unpaved, though there is a magnificent system of paved roads throughout the empire to allow the efficient movement of the oppressive army. So, a smaller professional army can enforce the will of the emperor and keep the conquered lands suppressed. With few exceptions, in Colasse, you are among the conquered, among the oppressed. There are no public schools. You cannot read or write or do even simple arithmetic. There's no eyeglasses to help you see hearing aids to help combat deafness. There's no social security. There's no retirement, no voting. You have no say in your government. Living quarters are small and simple. And cities, they're crowded. To be sure, there are some cities and in every region there are temples and public buildings all the more to be admired because of their scarcity. The religion of the society is paganism. It's the worship of a whole pantheon of gods, the local area god and and a host of other gods or goddesses who seek their own pleasure. They're capriccious, impulsive, unpredictable, often cruel. You were taught to appease them through sacrifices and gifts to the temple priests. You work seven days a week, dawn to dusk, and you have done so since age seven or eight. You look forward to the occasional festival marked with excess of all kinds. There's no concept of an afterlife. There's no creator. This life, harsh, brutal, often cruel, is all there is. There's a small synagogue where a race of people from the province of Judea worship their invisible god whose name they refuse to pronounce. They claim they are his chosen ones, but they're just as oppressed as everyone else. What benefit is it to be chosen by their deity? This is there's a small splintered group of Judean people as well as others who claim a Messiah, a deliverer commissioned by their God has has come to save them from punishment after death and instead give them a happy life after death. Some claim he was actually God, but he was killed in a painful, humiliating way. There's there's a rumor among some that he rose from the dead, but he seems to have disappeared in a fog or a cloud or something after a while, and nobody's seen him since. Many claim he's returning soon. The followers of the way, as they call themselves, have no temples. They meet in the houses of their better off members, the ones with larger houses. A few of them have been tutored and can read. Colasse itself was once at a major trade crossroads, but the Romans built a better road and bypassed Colasse several decades ago. The town has been in decline ever since the bypass was built. There are other towns nearby. Leodysia and Hieropoulos. Colasse has cold water springs and Heropouloolis has hot springs. They both draw some wealthy travelers. Leodysia has neither. Its water is lukewarm. The nearest major city is Ephesus, some hundred miles to the west. We've seen Colasse here through the eyes of a typical pagan inhabitant. Now, let's see it from the perspective of a recent convert to the way. A gentile named Apaparus heard of a man named Paul in Ephesus some years ago and was able to meet him. Apapris later returned to Colasse began to tell people about Jesus, the Jewish Messiah. His efforts enjoyed some success. There's a small fellowship that meets when they can in his or others homes, including that of Phileiman, a wellto-do businessman and slave owner. He had a slave named Onimus who ran away some time ago. There have been some traveling teachers that have come through town with all sorts of revelations, visitations, philosophies that they claim are from God. Your your background is is is pagan. You're uncertain of these things, but some of them sound okay. You have to ask questions and try to remember the answer since you can't write anything down to refer to later. Are we back in mid first century Colasse? Now, word has reached you this evening. We're going to meet because Phileiman has had two messengers arrive at his home bearing two parchments written by Paul himself. Paul. One is a private note to Phileiman. Imagine being personally recognized by the great man himself. And the other is directed specifically to our small fellowship. Tikius, Paul's messenger, is going to read the letter to us. After a bit of a walk, we're here. The space is not large. We're a bit crowded. The weather's warm, not much of a breeze today. The mosquitoes are very hungry. Biting flies are numerous from the barn next door. Phileiman introduces Tyius, Takius, and Oniminus, the messengers who brought the parchments from Paul. Sh. Quiet now. Tikius is about to read the letter to us. I think that as this man read this letter to the church, he might have said that you probably all heard of Paul. He's this man that persecuted Christians that condemned them to death and prison. And this man was on the road to Damascus and was struck down by a great light. and went blind. And the actual resurrected Jesus Christ spoke to this man directly. And this man is the one that wrote this letter. And I think that it's a great honor for us here today that we can read the same letter that's been preserved. the letter to the Colossians and I think also the letter to us here at the Tucson Tabernacle. It reads like this. This letter is from Paul chosen by the will of God to be an apostle of G of Christ Jesus from our brother Timothy. We are writing to God's people in the city of Colasse who are faithful brothers and sisters in Christ. May God our Father give you grace and peace. We always pray for you and we give thanks to God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. For we have heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and your love for all of God's people, which come from your confident hope of what God has reserved for you in heaven. You have had this expectation ever since you first heard the truth of the good news. The same good news that came to you is going out all over the world. It's bearing fruit everywhere by changing lives just as it changed your lives from the day that you first heard and understood the truth about God's wonderful grace. You learned about the good news from Epapris, our beloved coworker. He is Christ's faithful servant and he is helping us on your behalf. He has told us about the love for others that the Holy Spirit has given you. So we have not stopped praying for you since we first heard about you. And we ask God to give you complete knowledge of his will and to give you spiritual wisdom and understanding. Then the way you live will always honor and please the Lord and your lives will produce every kind of good fruit. All the while, you will grow as you learn to know God better and better. We also pray that you will be strengthened with all his glorious power. So you will have all the endurance and patience you need. May you be filled with joy, always thinking, always thanking the father. He has enabled you to share in the inher the inheritance that belongs to his people who live in the light. For he has rescued us from the kingdom of darkness and transferred us into the kingdom of his dear son who purchased our freedom and forgave our sins. Christ is the visible image of the invisible God. He existed before anything was created and is supreme over all creation. For through him God created everything in in the heavenly realms and on the earth. And he made the things that we can see, the things that that he and the things that we can't see, such as thrones and kingdoms and rules and authorities, rulers and authorities in the unseen world. Everything was created through him and for him. He existed before anything else. And he holds all creation together. Christ is also the head of the church which is his body. He is the beginning supreme over all who rise from the dead. So he is first in everything. For God in all his fullness was pleased to live in Christ. And through him God reconciled everything to himself. He made peace with everything in heaven and on earth by means of Christ's blood on the cross. This includes you. This includes you who were once far away from God. You were his enemies, separated from him by your evil thoughts and actions. Yet now he has reconciled you to himself through the death of Christ in his physical body. As a result, he has brought you into his own presence and you are holy and blameless as you stand before him without a single fault. But you must continue to believe this truth and stand firmly in it. Don't drift away from the assurance you received. From the assurance that you received when you heard the good news. The good news has been preached all over the world. And I, Paul, have been appointed as God's servant to proclaim it. I am glad when I suffer for you in my body. For I am participating in the sufferings of Christ that continue for his body, the church. God has given me the responsibility of serving his church by proclaiming his entire message to you. This message was kept secret for centuries and generations past, but now it has been revealed to God's people. For God wanted them to know that the riches and glory of Christ are for you Gentiles, too. So we tell others about Christ warning everyone. Sorry I I I Paul's writing is a bit messy and a bit large. Verse number 27. For God wanted them to know that the riches, if you know your Bible, you know what I'm talking about. Paul wrote in large letters because he couldn't see very well. For God wanted them to know that the riches and glory of Christ are for you Gentiles too. And this is the secret. Christ lives in you. Brethren, can I read that verse again? This is a This message was kept secret for centuries and generations past, but now it has been revealed to God's people. For God wanted them to know that the riches and glory of Christ are for you Gentiles too. And this is the secret. Christ lives in you. This gives you assurance of sharing his glory. So we tell others about Christ, warning everyone and teaching everyone with all wisdom and that God has given us. We want to present them to God perfect in their relationship to Christ. That's why I work and struggle so hard depending on Christ's mighty power that works within me. I want you to know how much I have agonized for you and for the church at Leodysia and for many other believers who have never met me personally. I want them to be encouraged and knit together by strong ties of love. I want them to have complete confidence that they understand God's mysterious plan which is Christ himself. In him lie hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. I'm telling you this so no one will deceive you with well-crafted arguments. For though I am far away from you, my heart is with you and I rejoice that you are living as you should and that your faith is Christ in in Christ is strong. And now just as you just as you accepted Christ Jesus as your Lord, you must continue to follow him, let your roots grow down into him and let your lives be built on him. Then your faith will grow strong in the truth you were taught, and you will overflow with thankfulness. Don't let anyone capture you with empty philosophies and high sounding nonsense that come from human thinking and from the spiritual powers of this world rather than from Christ. For in Christ lives all the fullness of God in a human body. So you also are complete through your union with Christ who is the head over every ruler and authority. When you came to Christ, you were circumcised, but not by the physical procedure. Christ performed a spiritual circumcision, the cutting away of your sinful nature, for you were buried with Christ when you were baptized. And with him, you were raised to new life because you trusted the mighty power of God who raised Christ from the dead. You were dead because of your sins and because of your sinful nature was not yet cut away. Then God made you alive with Christ for he forgave all our sins. He canceled the record of the charges against us and took it away by nailing it to the cross. In this way he disarmed the spiritual rulers and authorities. He shamed them publicly by his victory over them on the cross. So don't let anyone condemn you for what you eat or drink or for not celebrating certain certain holy days or new moon ceremonies or Sabbaths. For these rules are only shadows of the reality yet to come. And Christ himself is that reality. Don't let anyone condemn you by insisting unpas self-denial or the worship of angels saying saying they have had visions about these things and their sinful minds have made them proud and they are not connected to Christ the head of the body for he holds the whole body together with its joints and ligaments and it grows as God nourishes it nourishes it. You have died with Christ and he has set you free from the spiritual powers of this world. So why do you keep on following the rules of the world such as don't handle, don't taste, don't touch? Such rules are mere human teachings about things that deteriorate as we use them. These rules may seem wise because they require strong devotions, pious self-denial, and severe bodily discipline, but they provide no help in conquering a person's evil desires. Since you have been raised to new life with Christ, set your sights on the reality of heaven, where Christ sits in the place of honor at God's right hand. Think about the things of heaven, not about the things of the earth. For you died to this life and your life is hidden with Christ in God. And when Christ who is your life is revealed to the whole world, you will share in all his glory. So put to death the sinful earthly things lurking within you. Have nothing to do with sexual immorality, impurity, lust, evil desires. Don't be greedy for a greedy person is an idolattor worshiping the things of this world. Because of these sins, the anger of God is coming. You used to do these things when your life was still part of this world. But now is the time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, dirty language. Don't lie to each other. For you have stripped off your old sinful nature and all its wicked deeds. Put on your new nature and be renewed as you learn to know your creator and become like him in this new life. It doesn't matter if you are a Jew or a Gentile, circumcised or uncircumcised, barbaric, uncivilized, slave or free. Christ is all that matters and he lives in all of us. Since God chose you to be the holy people he loves, you must clothe yourselves with tenderhearted mercy, kindness, humility, gentleness, patience. Make allowance for each other's faults, and forgive anyone who offends you. Remember, the Lord forgave you, so you must forgive others. Above all, clothe yourselves with love which binds us all together in perfect harmony. And let the peace that comes from Christ rule in your hearts. For as members of one body, you are called to live in peace and always be thankful. Let the message about Christ in all its richness fill your lives. teach and counsel each other with all the wisdom that he gives. Sing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs to God with thankful hearts. And whatever you do or say, do it as a representative of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through him to the to God the Father. Wives, submit your to your husbands as is fitting for those who belong to the Lord. Husbands, love your wives and never treat them harshly. Children, always obey your parents, for this pleases the Lord. Fathers, do not aggravate your children or they will become discouraged. Slaves, obey your earthly masters in everything you do. Try to please them all the time, not just when they are watching you. Serve them sincerely because of your reverent fear of the Lord. Work willingly in whatever you do as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people. Remember that the Lord will give you an inheritance as your reward and that the master you are serving is Christ. Let me read that verse again. Remember that the Lord will give you an inheritance as your reward and that the master you are serving is Christ. But if you do what is wrong, you will be paid back for the wrong that you have done. For God has no favorites. Masters, be just and fair to your slaves. Remember that you also have a master in heaven. Devote yourselves to prayer with an alert mind and a thankful heart. Pray for us too. That God will give us many opportunities to speak about his mysterious plan concerning Christ. That is why I am here in chains. Pray that I will proclaim this message as clearly as I should. Live wisely among those who are not believers and make the most of every opportunity. Let your conversation be gracious and attractive so that you will have the right response for everyone. Ticus will I give will give you a full report of how I am getting along. He is a beloved brother and a faithful helper who serves with me in the Lord's work. I has sent him to you for this very purpose to let you know how we are doing and to encourage you. I am also sending Onesimus a faithful beloved brother, one of your own people. He Anticus will tell you everything that is happening here. Aristoarkus who is in prison with me sends you his greetings and so does Mark Barnabas's cousin. As you were instructed before, make Mark welcome if he comes your way. Jesus, the one we call justice, also sends his greetings. These are the only Jewish believers among my co-workers. They are working with me here for the kingdom of God. And what a comfort they have been. Epaparis, a member of your own fellowship and a servant of G of Christ Jesus, send you his greetings. He always pray. He always prays earnestly for you. asking God to make you strong and perfect, fully confident that you are following the whole will of God. I can assure you that he prays hard for you and also for the believers in Leodysia in Hierropolis. Luke, the beloved doctor sends his greetings and so does Deeus. Please give my greetings to our brothers and sisters at Leodysia and Nympha and the church that meets in her house. And after you have read this letter, pass it on to the church at Leodysia so they can read it too. And you should read the letter that I wrote to them. And say to Archipus, be sure to carry out the ministry of the Lord, the ministry that the Lord gave you. Here's my greeting in my own handwriting. Paul, remember my chains and may God's grace be with you. The epistle of the Apostle Paul to the church at Colasse. I feel like maybe I shouldn't even preach anymore. I should just read. How beautiful are the words of the Apostle Paul. I appreciate the uh the translation, the New Living Translation. It makes it very easy to understand. It's not the um my primary Bible, but it's u it's it's a nice um real world, real life um conversational Bible. And I I do appreciate I believe it's the same spirit that when I was reading felt like it was the same spirit that maybe Paul wrote it and it just felt good. So he was he was encouraging us. He's encouraging us to stay straight. Stay straight with the word. Do you love the word? Do you love the book of Colossians? Do you remember? Do you will you remember it now? What it's about and who wrote it and um that Paul never even met those people, but he still had a burden for him and he loved him. God bless you, brother. Michael, you could close. Oh, is it you? No, Josiah's got another one. Yeah. I love these these like I don't know what you call them, but these Jewish sounding songs, E minor. You should know this one. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. When the spirit When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my I will sing. I will sing like David sang. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sang. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. Like David said, I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David. I will shout. And when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will shout like David shouts. And when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will shout like David shouts. Hallelujah. Oh, I will shout. I will shout. I will shout like David. Shout. I will shout. Shout. I will shout like David. One more time. When the spirit When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my I will dance. I will dance like David dance. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David. [Music] [Applause] I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. [Applause] [Music] Oh, praise God. Brother Josiah, we got to sing it again. That was just Praise the Lord. Ah, brothers and sisters, I love God's word. I love the Bible. If we could just get in that spirit, that same spirit that Paul wrote those epistles, the same spirit that the gospels were written, the same spirit that was upon those in the book of Acts, if we could just get in that spirit, in that same spirit that anointed David to write the Psalms, in the same spirit, as the Bible says right at the beginning, the same spirit that moved across the face of the deep, that Holy Spirit, the same spirit that fell at the day of Pentecost when the tongues of fire were over at 120 in the upper room. When that if that same spirit could just fall upon us, oh, it is the desire of my heart and I believe that that will lead to the rapture of the bride to meet the bridegroom. Praise God. Brother Ron, if you would come up and close. Brother Josiah, please one more time. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. [Applause] [Music] And when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. Yes, I will dance. Dance I will dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David. Dance. I will dance. Yes, I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David. [Music] I will dance. I will dance. I will dance. [Music] [Applause] Praise God. Feels good. Just dance. [Music] Yeah. Praise the Lord. It's the word. Where do you stop? You can't. You can't. You just have to pause. Can we pray? Lord, it's it's it's been good that we've been here tonight. Amen. We have listened to your word and I believe it's been brought in the right spirit that was given him. So we pray we'd take the spirit of the word and we know you are the word Lord and that we are to become the word and our hearts are just as as we ponder these thoughts that that Apostle Paul the first church age messenger that he started writing these these revelations about a deeper walk with Christ that they were not aware of. And no doubt, Lord, that when these words were read to these people, they go, "My, we didn't know that." Yeah. Amen. We didn't know that. Oh, yeah. How they must have rejoiced. Yes. Amen. That they were learning more things. They had heard, but one that had an experience and a reputation, Lord, that they could take what he said. And Lord, as as that word is written, I I pray, Lord, that each and every one of us would not take it for granted, but our hearts would remain young as a child. We've learned a new thing, and it excites us, Lord, that we I personally, Lord Jesus, I I am so glad for your word and your revelation, but I'm reluctant, Lord, as as I pause Is it appropriate, Father, that we say some things, but you told Nicodemus, you must be born again. We know your spirit fell on David. Amen. But Lord, he was not born again. He wasn't. A new thing you did, Lord, in this generation. That's right. Oh my. a new thing you did and you were revealing yourself through your prophets and your your Holy Spirit, Lord, that we can be new creatures in Christ, that we can rise up above these these carnal temptations, Lord. That your word says that we can be like you. And we believe this by faith. We don't look upon ourselves, Lord, but we trust you and your calling and your choosing. And Lord God, we are just so grateful. Our hearts are overwhelmed. And I pray, Lord, that I never lose the joy of my salvation. I just tonight, Lord, I am so glad and I pray each and everyone will just stop for a moment and just realize how precious these times are that one day we'll look back and say, "My, wasn't that a wonderful time in in the Lord?" So, let's be a present of mine and just give you thanks tonight, Lord, for what you've done for us right now. It's good. Yes. Go with us, Lord. each and everyone to their own homes and let them ponder these words. Lord, let them wake in the night and think upon these things. Wake in the morning and rejoice. Oh God, we are so glad. We are not creatures of fear. For we know love has cast out this fear. And we love you. We love your word and we love your people. Thank you, Lord. We have nothing to fear but only you, Lord. And your fear is a holy fear. Father, so teach us to fear you, Lord. We pray, Father, that you would continue being with each and everyone. We thank you for this time in the precious name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. I have a question. If I was one of the ones in the congregation, can I have a copy of that? Wouldn't you want a copy of that? Yeah, that's what a scribe is for. Absolutely. Yeah. Praise God. And then you know what he said is right. That's the same spirit. Hey, can I get a copy of that and then they wrote a copy and then they wrote another copy and then another copy. Start distributing them and then and then the the letter to the Corinthians. They said, "Hey, can I get a copy of that one?" The first and the second letter. Can I get a copy? Yeah. starts copying that and dispersing the word of God throughout the world. Oh, can I get that testimony from Mark about the life of Jesus Christ? I want to get that copy. Oh, I want the one about from Luke, the one that was researched so well. I want I want the one from Matthew, the one that was with him, the tax collector. the same spirit that brother Ron just said and the gospel ran around the world. Brother Josiah asked me a question and this is just a beautiful thing. He said what language did they speak when Jesus was here and I said they probably spoke well they spoke a number of languages but they sp probably to each other they probably spoke Aramaic which was the common tongue. Then he said, "Well, why was the New Testament written in Greek if they spoke in Aramaic?" And I said, "Brother Josiah, you have asked a wonderful, wonderful question. It was written in Greek so that the whole world could understand it." And not just the Jewish people. The whole New Testament is an evangelical evangelistic document that is meant to go around the world and copied and and and spoken and done exactly with what we did today, brother. That's why it was written in that language so everybody including us Gentiles could receive it. Amen. Praise God. You have one more song with Michael. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of a king. His royal love now flows in my eyes. is riches and cloud can see. Praise God. Praise God. The child of the king. [Music] Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His roses in my life is rich and fant. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Are you a child of the king? Who's a child of the king? Rebecca, you're a child of the king. Silas, you a child of the king. I am. I'm a child of the one that we spoke about tonight. Praise the Lord. We got to sing it one more time. One more time. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His blood flows in my feet and found you. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Dismiss, brothers and sisters. God bless you. Keep that book of Colossians. Keep it dear to you. It's deep. It's just full of meat. Good old gospel meat. Keep it close to your heart. Brothers and sisters, God bless you. We will um if the Lord's willing, I will minister on uh probably wrap up the life of Saul this Wednesday. And then we have a a guest speaker. I believe Ryan Long will be ministering for us this coming Sunday. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. [Music]
