################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-31 - Testimony Service - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-31
Title:   Testimony Service
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyigp78ID8c
========================================

Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood and he loved me. I knew him and all his love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. And I heard about his groanings of his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sins and won the victory and oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he brought me with his redeeming blood. And he loved me air. I knew him. And all my love is due him. And he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about a mansion. He is built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea. And about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the songs of victory. And oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. And he saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood and he loved me. I knew him and all my love is due him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. How he made lame to walk again and cause the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory and oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. And he saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. And he loved me air. I knew him. And all my love is due him. And he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. And I'm going to start off tonight and telling a testimony about me and what happened to me Wednesday. So, as dad said on the uh on the WhatsApp group chat, he told everyone that I had a toothache and it started about Sunday night. It started to keep me up and it was really just bugging me. I started taking some medication I had for it and and that helped a little bit, but it was still just hurting. And if you've ever had a toothach before, you know they do not go away. and you think you're like, "Maybe it's going to go away tomorrow, but they do not go away." And so Wednesday, dad sent the text out and I started getting these texts and it was Lily, Sister Hope text me, a bunch of people text me and they're like, you know, we're praying for you and giving me ideas to help the pain. And I I took some pain pain pills that morning. And I didn't even realize it till about later later Thursday evening, but I didn't take another one after that. It the pain was all gone and I have not had pain to this day. So by your guys's prayer, I was healed. Amen. And amazing grace, how sweet the sound. And that saved a wretch like me. And I once was lost, but now I'm found. And was blind, but now I [Music] see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. and grace my fears relief. And how preious did that grace appear in thee, how I first believe. Sister hope, you can make ready for your schedule. and through many dangers, tolls and snares. And I have already come into grace that brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. And when we've been there 10,000 years and bright shineing as the sun and we've known less days and to sing God's praise and then when we first beun. And amazing grace, how sweet the sound and that saved a wretch like me. [Music] And I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. Amen. You may be seated. Um, I have a testimony I wanted to share. Um, Brother Daniel had um, Brother Josiah sing um, When I Come to Die. And when Stephen when he went to be with the Lord um before he had to go on the ventilator, his oxygen was getting really really low. And um he started he was talking to the Lord and his life started flashing before him and one thing after the other he was saying, "Oh God, I'm sorry for such and such. I'm sorry for this. I'm sorry for that. And he was obviously he was seeing something and um but when he was done so much peace, so much comfort in the Lord and he said, "Tell them they can do any whatever they need to do to try to save me." And he just lifted in the hands of the Lord like that. But when it comes time to die, you want that kind of testimony. You don't want nothing in between. And before that, you don't know when it's your time to go. You may not have that opportunity. So be sure that you're ready at all times. And don't wait to make something right. I mean it was little things that you wouldn't have thought that it would have mattered so much but still they did. So but it's so supernatural and it's so [Music] real. There's a land beyond the river that we call the sweet forever. And we only reach that shore by face degree. One by one will gain the portals there to dwell with the immortal when they ring those golden bells. Sing it with me for you and me. [Music] Can't you hear the bells now ringing? Can't you hear the angels singing tears and glory? Hallelujah. [Music] In that far of sweet forever just beyond that shining river. When they ring those golden bells for you and [Music] me. We shall know no sin or sorrow in that haven of [Music] tomorrow when our bark shall sail beyond the silver sea. [Music] We shall only know the blessing of our father's [Music] sweet when they ring those golden bells for you and me. Can't you hear the bells now ringing? Can't you hear the angels singing? is the glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Jubilee in that far of sweet forever just beyond that shining river. When they ring those good bells for you and me. [Music] [Applause] Sister Sarah, if you want to get ready for your song special, let's sing Goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days, they've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am [Music] able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And I love your voice. For you have led me through the fire in the darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] For all my life, you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after [Music] me. For all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I just wanted to um mention about this song. Hopefully I can get through it without crying, but it's pretty much the testimony of my life, but also my family's life. And I'm so grateful to hear my sister's testimony this morning, knowing what she's gone through, being there with her, but also knowing that there's many things that our family's gone through that have been very trying, very difficult, but through it all, God is faithful. And as you grow, and being the age that I am now, looking back over my life, the things I've gone through, um there isn't ever a time that God leaves me without hope. Even when I feel absolutely helpless, absolutely like you're going out of your mind and you don't know what to do and you don't see the end inside at all, but always there's a line of hope. There's a a line thrown out to you and that alone sometimes can get you through. And there's uh a lot of strength in just believing that there's a God who cares. And then he comes down and time and time again picks me up, helps me to keep going, keeps my family together, and I'm so grateful for that. So the song's been through enough. [Music] When I first began to walk with the Lord, I did not fully trust him. And how he longed for me to know that I could. So through the valley he gently led me afraid as I could be until I felt his loving arms of peace embracing me. [Music] I've been through enough to know he'll be enough for [Music] me. He's come through too many times and that puts my mind at ease for good. I'll stake my very life. He's going to take care of [Music] me because I've been through enough to know he'll be enough for me. [Music] How could I ever doubt a God whose hands hold the [Music] universe? And why would I ever question his [Music] abil? There's no place that I can go where he does know the things that trouble me. He's always aware of where I am and just what I need. [Music] I believe him now. After all these years, he's been so faithful. He's proven to be true. Never more will I doubt or question. Why? Because I've seen him work before and I know what God can do. Yes, I've been through enough to know he'll be enough for me. He's come through too many times and that puts my mind at ease for good. I'll stake my very life. He's going to take care of me because I've been through enough to know he'll be enough for me. Yes, I've been through enough to know he'll be enough for me. Beautiful. Beautiful job. Let's all stand and we'll approach the Lord. Word of prayer. Great and almighty God. Lord, I thank you for the testimonies we've already heard or knowing that you are not a God of the past, but you are a God of the present. As the Apostle Paul said in in his letter to the his epistle to the Hebrews, he said, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever." Father, we believe that you are the same. You are the one that laid the stars in the skies. And Father, you are the one that heals our diseases. And you are the one that will one day come and carry us away. Lord, we are thankful that there is a God on the throne that hears prayers. Father, may your blessings be upon our testimony service this evening. And Lord, may it be pleasing to you as we lift up these praises in song and in word. May it be pleasing to you, Father, because we are returning a little bit of the thanks for the blessings that you've given us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Be seated. The testimonies we've already heard, Daniel and Hope and Sarah. Wow. We can we can go home. That was good. Really, really good. Powerful testimonies. I want to share um a few scriptures before we get going. Uh let's turn in our Bibles to Hosea chapter 4 and verse 6. And I was talking with some of the kids at lunch about how important it is for us to know the word. Not just to take someone else's word for it, but we need to know God's word and we need to be able to apply it to our lives. Hosea 4:6 says this, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee. Because thou hast re rejected knowledge, I will also reject you. That thou shalt be no priest to me. Seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children. Very strong, very strong statement that the Lord is making right there saying it's your fault that you have forgotten my word. It's your fault that you are perishing for lack of knowledge. It's not my fault. I have given you every resource you can. Today we have not only do we have a written Bible, we have Bibles on our phones. We can listen to the Bible. If you don't like to read, you can listen to it. You can read it. You can study different translations. We should not perish for lack of knowledge, but he said that they that we would. Let's go to Psalm 119. I'll read the whole thing. Just kidding. Psalm 119 verse 34. And it says this, David crying out, "Give me understanding and I shall keep thy law. Yay, I shall observe it with my whole heart." The prayer of the psalmist praying, "Lord, give me understanding of your word." And that's the same thing that we pray for. And we should always be open to more understanding, more knowledge. This is important that we do that we can read this book and we can apply it to our lives ourselves. You're not taking my word for it, but you're taking God's word for it. And this, my God's word. I um have a a couple short testimonies to get started. Um I was uh uh you can turn to Isaiah 53. Isaiah 53. I'm going to start with verse one. Um, I was in Jeffersonville. This uh kind of theologian guy, he uh he writes an email and it was it was a bit tur and he said, "Yeah, you guys you guys are wrong in the way that you quote Isaiah chapter 53." And let me let me read it. Chap Isaiah 53 1-5 says this, "Who hath believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of out of a dry ground. He hath no form or comeliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. Speaking of the coming Christ, he is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. and we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did seem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. and with his stripes we are healed. And he said, "You people quote that wrong." He says, he says, "You always quote saying that by his stripes we were healed." And he says, "It says in Isaiah that by his stripes we are healed." So why do you always say I was healed? I was healed at Calvary. I was healed way back then. and it was an email. So I responded and I put down the scripture in Isaiah. And then I also put down the scripture in 1 Peter chapter 2. Let's go there. 1 Peter chapter 2 verse let's start with um oh you know what Peter is not in Galatians now you learn [Laughter] something first Peter I'm Sorry. 1 Peter chapter 2. Um, yes. Verse 23. Who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not, but committed himself to him that judges, that judgeth righteously. Who was his own self? who his own self bear our sins in his own body on the tree that we being dead to sins should live unto righteousness by whose stripes you were healed. And and I got to admit the brother was a a bit of a theologian and he was a bit tur but he responded with an oh smiley [Laughter] face. It's a beautiful little lesson that Isaiah says by his stripes you are healed and then Peter says by his stripes we were healed is because Peter came and wrote this epistle after Jesus was crucified on the cross after Calvary because we can go back to that day on Calvary and say I was healed. on that day when he was bruised for my iniquities, when my sickness went upon him and he died for my sins and he rose from the dead and healed me of my diseases 2,000 years ago. I can go back to that place and say, "I was healed back then." It's a beautiful lesson. Isaiah saying, "We are healed." Peter says, "You were healed." And both of them are perfectly right. Perfectly right. I uh give a testimony. Nobody knows. I told my wife this. No, I didn't tell you, sweetheart. Um I told her about Daniel being healed. Um a few months ago, I was uh I was feeling kind of weird and I um I would lose my breath. a very very strong very strange feeling where I would be just I would be up here in the pulpit or I'd be at work or I would be even at home and my my breath would just I would almost lose my breath. It was a very very bad very strange feeling. Um very scary feeling. So, I was studying in my den. This went on for weeks and weeks and weeks. I was studying in my den and I started getting those feelings where my uh I would just like almost like my breath would leave me and it would just be for a a second or so and then it would come back and and I took my pulse and my heart would beat and then skip a beat. and then beat twice and then skip a beat. And it was it was really bad. And I was like, "Wow, this is not good." And I said, "That's what this is is my heart is I had I have an irregular heartbeat." So I called up Daniel. He was at work and I said, "Hey, man." I said, "I'm having this this problem." And he said, "Well, Dad, you should go to the emergency room." And uh and I think uh Stephanie, I think I called you too. I think I I um called both of you and both of you are like, "Hey, get to the emergency room." So I go there and of course by then my heartbeat's fairly normal. And uh they took some tests. They said, "No, you didn't have a heart attack. We don't see any any problems there." Um but you know, just watch it. I was like, "Man, I feel normal now, but I wasn't just a couple hours ago." So, um, Dan, um, I I went home and then it started up again and day after day and this was going on for months and it was it's a very I think it's a very common thing. So, you many of you have probably had this. Brother Lyle shared with me that uh, he scared him when he first started having it, but he said it's something that you still have it, Brother Lyle? Yes. And it's How long have you had it? 1981. So since since you're about 70 years old, I'm just kidding. So So Brother Lyle has had this for a long time. Well, I didn't like it at all. And so we had a a service uh a few months ago and I don't know if you all noticed but I asked the deacons to come up and pray for me and uh the the deacon brothers came up and and uh I said would you anoint me with oil because I'm having this and brother Lyall told me the story. He said he said brother Daniel don't don't worry about it. He said that this is a common thing that I I've I've had this for a long time. And I said, uh, I think my words were, "Yeah, but I don't want it. I don't like this. I didn't I don't like the feeling." So, they anointed me with oil and the symptoms persisted for a while, uh, for a few days after that. And, uh, one evening it was just on my heart and it was happening. And I I would take my pulse and I merely I think you saw me a few times caught me taking my pulse and what I was doing is I was like okay skipped it skipped oh skipped twice I'm going to die you know so and that's that's that's how I I was feeling and I uh I started praying I said Lord how many people have I anointed with oil and they've been healed I said Lord Who am I? What kind of a pastor am I that I can't be anointed with oil and I can't have the faith to believe? So, I went out for a walk and and as I was as I was walking, there's this place I go behind my house. It's uh uh Stephanie and I do it sometimes, like a four mile loop. And as I was out there walking, I could feel it really strong. And uh it was it was a very very uncomfortable feeling. And that's when I said I said, "Lord, what kind of a person am I that I go and pray for someone, but then I can't have the faith to be healed?" And I got back to my house, and that was uh well over a month ago, month and a half, and it hasn't come back since. God is good all the time. He's he's a healer. And when he gave his life, not only did he give his life for my sins on Calvary, but he gave his life that I might be healed also in this flesh, in this dying, corruptible flesh. He gave his life that I could have a little bit better life here on earth. Now, we we're having our testimony service tonight. I'm going to grab the microphone and I want you to tell them to tell all of us what the Lord's done for you. Brother Manny, can I start with you? Where's the microphone? I remember last week you were talking about pride. Wow. I had a lot of it in my heart like you said. you know, I had it and I had a grudge with my two oldest boys because I wanted them to apologize to me, but it was the other way around and I prayed that that day and God put in my heart on Monday. Well, they see it's up to you the ball. He's the court is you. So, I still had that pride like I'm not going to call him then. Like, I just called him and I said, "What's up?" He goes, "What's up?" I go, "Hey, man. I'm sorry for what happened." He goes, "Dude, I forgave you a long time ago." my life. So I was my own prisoner to that, you know, because I wanted them I wanted them I wanted them to ask for forgiveness, but I needed to ask for forgiveness. You know, when it's not it's not given, it's earned. And then I called my oldest says, "What's up old guy?" I said, "I'm sorry, dude. I forgave you a long time ago. My daughter, dude, I forgave you." So I was just kicking my own behind for something that you know I mean but it was that pride like you said. So when I gave it to the Lord like a big ton of bricks were lifted up and I'm at peace. You know what I mean? He deserves all the glory. Amen. Amen. A lot of times we carry these burdens and we and we don't have to do it. We we carry it because there's too much pride in us maybe to apologize. There's there's too much there's too much turmoil. There's too much fighting and we carry a burden that we don't have to carry. So when we get rid of our pride, what was that uh what was that scripture? Josiah, what was that scripture in um in Hebrew? I believe is in Hebrews that um he thought of not robbery. Philippians. Can you read it? You know what? I'll get up there. I'll read it. Thank you. Philippians chapter 2. I beat you. Philippians chapter 2 verse 5 it says this. Listen to this. Listen to the lack of pride that's in God made flesh. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Now he's saying let the mind of Christ be in you. Now you follow my example. who thought who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. And being found in the fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Now, I got to keep going. Now wherefore God also hath highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name that that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow of the things in heaven and the things in earth in earth and things under the earth and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the father. Amen. He humbled himself. There was no pride. And as I said when I ministered on that subject, you know who I think was are the least prideful people in the entire Bible are the prophets. And I believe that's how God could use them so mightily is because they they had problems in their life. We we go through that. We went through our our Bible study. Brother Lo and I went through the entire Bible and we saw that every single one had issues and had sin in their life and made mistakes, but they were able to humble themselves just as Jesus did. And he had no he had nothing wrong with him, but he humbled himself all the way to the cross. And then God exalted him. And you know what? He's going to exalt us. He's going to exalt us from this sinful world up into heaven. And it's called the rapture. Amen. I want to be there. Yes. And soften. That's what brother Manny Brother Manny just said. If this heart, it needs to be softened. And we don't have the Bible says this cold, stony heart. But if we have that soft, tender heart, then God has something to work with. Brother Juan, I'm sorry I didn't greet you. Welcome, Juan. Right. Yeah. Welcome. No, Kurt, I know you, Brother Kurt. You're not you're you're you're you're not a visitor. You're home you're home folk. Um any uh who's the next testimony? Sister Angela. So about a month ago, I think it was when Hadasa had an ear ache. um she went up for prayer and was anointed with oil and she came to me about two weeks ago or two weeks after that but quickly she was actually healed that night um from the ear ache but two weeks after that she came to me and she's like hey mom you know that thing that was on my arm and I said yeah and she goes those warts she had about six warts and um I said yeah and she goes they're all gone mom every single one of Um, and so I was looking and I noticed every single one was going, it was completely gone. And we had gone to doctors and trying to deal with the situation because they were spreading and we just I just forgot about it and just said, you know, Lord, you can take care of it. So I believe I don't know when she was healed, but it was just really neat to see that testimony on her and so she could see how the power of God can move too as well as the children. Amen. Sweetheart, do you believe in the Lord Jesus? Yes. She came up to be anointed with oil and the poor little thing was suffering and the Lord delivered her right there. And then he had a surprise for us and delivered you of the other things. God bless you, sweetheart. Very nice. Well, Paul, can you share that testimony I asked you? Earlier this week, uh, Brother Daniel and I had been talking. I don't remember exactly what led to the conversation, but, um, it wasn't too long ago, I had a a wisdom tooth removed that had been in my mouth way too long that had broken and it had gotten infected and was causing a lot of problems. But um shortly after I got it removed um I was still experiencing pain and uh anytime I'd eat certain foods especially with sugar it cause a lot of pain and uh at this particular time the the pain wasn't really going away and [Music] um I don't exactly recall um praying about it. And that's actually why I'm really selective usually when I tell somebody about this because I find it very humbling that God would do something like this. Um, sorry. Um, I was in a lot of pain and I had previously like the day or so before I heard in a video that I was listening on um, dental issues similar to mine that there was a likely chance I would have to go and have some procedure done where they like remove the infection. They suck out the marrow in your bone and stuff like that. And it had me a little stressed, but you know, it's I'm very quick to pray for other people, but I usually put myself off. I don't actually side note, this Monday, I believe it was, or Tuesday, I had this terrible pain in my shoulder. I was anytime I raised my arm like this, it felt like there was almost I've never had a bone spur, but it felt tremendously painful in there. It felt like there was like maybe something poking. And so, as you know, Andrea and I, we worked together. And I was like, "Could you just pray for me?" And she laid her hands on me, said a simple prayer, and I walked away. And I was like, "Oh, praise God. It's gone right now." So, it never came back. Praise the Lord. But uh the the issue with the tooth um I was woke up about two 2 or three in the morning and um was pitch black in the room except that I saw a blue light uh no larger than my pinky finger pointing where the pain was. And I felt the most incredible sensation of warmth. I I can't even describe it. It was like a supernatural hydrogen peroxide. My I could feel the bubbling and churning in my in my where it was. And I was just like, "Oh, God, thank you. This feels so wonderful." I was just I could I could just bask in this forever. And then it didn't last for maybe I don't even think it lasted a full minute, but uh it's been gone ever since. That was at least two years ago. So, amen. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] I like what brother Paul said is I would like to just bask in that that spirit, that that feeling. One day we will. It's coming. He do you have a testimony? Did you say that you do? Um, well, just adding to uh what we got prayed for earlier today. I don't know about everybody else, but like the rapture is coming. It's on its way. I cannot tell you guys how many sermons I've sat through. Hours playing tapes at home. We know Jesus is on his way. Um, and you know, we should shape up. And that really speaks to me because I I don't know if you guys know, I went through a really bad divorce. I lost my house. I lost my health. You know, everything just kind of went to pot on me. And um, it just really tore me up. But one thing that helps with that, and I don't know if you guys are, I hope you are close enough to have people that talk to God every single day to bring your name up in prayer. That's one of the best things, you know, and uh I just uh I want to be right. I I don't want no, you know, baloney holding me back. I want to be right. And uh you know I was in the world for a long time drinking, smoking, drugs, pornography, you know, gambling, all of it. I did most of it. You know, I'd blare heavy metal music in your guys' ear. I can give you a headache real fast if you want. Play some of my own stuff, but I don't do that anymore. So, uh, but anyways, uh, my testimony today and especially not just me, but my girlfriend and, uh, her daughter, I could see God working in our lives. I really can't. I'm not just saying that. And I feel like, you know, I'm being placed certain places for a reason. And I know not to fight that, just to let it happen. Um, but I'm really looking forward to spending eternity with you. I mean that. And uh I really really just want to tell you guys just to hang on and and stay straight. Fly right there. There's no better time to do it than now. We don't need to get halfway there and then something happened and it doesn't work out. My heart right now, I want to be right with God. I don't want cars. I don't want houses. I could care less about property. I mean, would it be nice? Sure. But like, I could literally care less about that stuff. I want Jesus. I want more of Jesus. I want people going, "Man, that guy's got too much of Jesus." No one's going to do, but That's right. So, but I really I really believe if I could uh push anybody towards anything, go for that. No, nothing else matters. Literally nothing else. I've been in this world for 51 years. You know, I've had times where I've had money blown it all. I've had times where I've had really bad times. And there is nothing in this world, nothing, zero zilch, that is worth your soul. Nothing. You should be able to present that to one guy and one guy only. You know, I I've I've uh I had a lot of biker friends back in the day, pagans, you know, and I uh I was at the was living at my buddy's house a long time ago and they had this whole big old thing and they asked me if I wanted to get blessed and I said, "No thanks." I said, "I got a God. He works fine." So, but they did this whole big old, you know, dancing hall of blue. You know, it was really weird because there was like absolutely no respect. Everybody's cursing, drinking, you know, but um it made me think I'm in the wrong place. I'm in the wrong spot and I need a way out of here. And you know, uh, maybe it was my prayer, maybe it was somebody else's, but the Lord eventually did get me out of there, you know, maybe it was this woman. For some stupid reason, she likes me. So, uh, but anyways, and I like her back and things have been a little bit hard on us lately. you know, she had her knee replaced and we've had a lot of, you know, just bills and stuff like that. But eventually, we got caught up. And so now, I mean, with with everything settled, her knee seems to be mostly healed up. We want to be back in church. I want and and uh I want to be spot on, you know. I don't want to be, you know, it's really weird because you want to do this stuff. You want to then you what do you do? You go home and you sit on your phone or, you know, you watch TV, something else, you know, and then it finally hits you, hey, you should be in your prayer closet. And uh when I first started coming here, that's all I was doing. I was in my prayer closet like daily. I was praying for this guy and for you guys, your family, whether you know it or not. And uh I miss that. I I don't I don't want to have the experience I had before. I want real. [Applause] Heath and I, we go back many years. And um when Stephanie and I were going to move to Tucson, move back home, there was one person that I really had on my heart and that was Heath. And I really wanted to reach out to him. So, I called my brother-in-law, David Carroll, and said, "Hey, do you have Heath's number?" And he said, "Oh, yeah." And he got his phone and and sent me his phone number and and I called it and it was somebody else. It wasn't wasn't Heath. Now that I know Heath, now that I know Heath, I know that this is a common occurrence, by the way. He changes phones and phone numbers quite often. But it was on my heart. I wanted I wanted to talk with him. And so I was here, I don't know, we were here for a month or maybe two months, three months. And I kept asking around. Nobody knew where Heath was. Heath had just left. And I pray for him and say, "Lord, I I just want to see him." And I was uh went to church at um for the po and brother Paul asked me, he said, "Hey, can can you preach tonight?" And I said, I said, "Yeah, I think so. I can try." And I got up there to minister and this guy walks in and I thought, "Oh Lord." and we hooked up after um after service. And let me tell you, man, there's no more going back to that stuff. I know you've gone in and out and in and out, but we have to be willing as brothers and sisters and as friends that the the pro the um the book of Jude says you have to be willing to put your hand in the fire. If you put your hand in a fire, you're going to get burned. But you have to be willing to put your hand in the fire for your brother and jerk him out. And that's what we need to be willing to do. And bro, you're not you're not going back in the fire. He said, "Thanks for the hand." Who's next? Brother Kurt. God bless you. Thanks, brother. That was really good, brother. That was really good. Uh, I'd just like to read a very short paragraph. It says, "Now, is an angel a higher order than a man or a lower order?" All right, sir. Which is the greatest, a son of God or an angel? the son of God. Which would God hear the best? An angel standing there before him pleading for someone or one of you pleading? One of you all. Because your sons and daughters, they're servants. See, they're servants. and your sons and daughters. So, see what authority you have, just afraid to use it. I read that the other day. I've known about it for a while, but just the Lord just brought it back to my remembrance. And you know, the Bible calls us kings and priests or intercessors. And that's what you're hearing tonight. Someone was praying for someone else. A lot of times in your prayer life, you'll feel a little stuck. Well, just pray for someone else first. And it won't feel always normal or natural, but the more you do it, the more it takes over you. And one of the great things about prayer and even prayer sometimes feels a little awkward, a little little silent maybe. But each time you go to your closet, as you were saying, the first thing you do is reent yourself, rededicate ourselves, reconsecrate ourselves first thing because if he has you, he can get anything out of you. And and you the more you exercise that, the more you practice that, the more it becomes a part of you. Yeah. The more you do it, the more it becomes a part of you. And it's and he'll if you're not sincere, he'll take care of that. He'll take care of it. But you must be willing to present yourself that way. Many times I'm not sincere with that. But he knows how to put the pieces in the puzzle in the right place. So I am because I am a king and a priest and so are you. You were born to serve someone else with your prayer life. Then all of a sudden he'll have someone pray for you. That's victory. And it is it is not a gift. It is an overcoming. as you move into that that's that's not just some I know that there is an intercessory thing but I'm talking about him shaping our character by exercising ourselves and it it says confess your faults one to another and pray one for another that you may be healed see and he he teaches us how to be servants and I'm going to take care of you before I take care of me. Now, I must have water in my cup. I must have water in my cup. And he'll help you with that. But in my heart, I'd rather you be blessed than me. Easy said, "But the tutor will do that. You can't do that yourself, but the tutor will." And he's never failed at that. Brother, I I just want to encourage you. That is right. Your prayer closet's a secret here. And every day just give yourself to him. All of us. You know, if everyone in this room did that, if we did that, this place would explode. If we practice that, this place would explode. Any place would explode because he wants us. Once he gets us, he can do anything he wants. That's the key. So, I really appreciate all the testimonies, but they're all about presenting yourself to God and and and praying for someone else as a king and a priest. Those aren't just words. That's reality. You are literally that. And the more you practice that, the more it becomes who you are. And then all of a sudden, someone else is in front of you. It just doesn't happen. It's not a little light switch. It's something that he installs in you. It's something that the tutor does because that's who you are. You're a king and you're a priest and you're here to live for someone else. It just doesn't happen. It's a classroom and it's good. Appreciate that. As brother Kurt was talking, we all want to have the spirit of Christ, right? It always comes back to one man. Why? Why is it why is it like that? Everything that we talk about, every scripture we read, it all comes back to one man. And that man, he lived a life for other people. In fact, he went to the cross for other people. And if we say we have his spirit, just like brother Kurt said, then we give our lives for others just as Christ did. Amen with Jeremy. I better talk to me, too. Um I just was thinking about that story brother Brandham said and I was rehearsing it but maybe tell you but for 15 years he always saw those cysts on um Sister Mey and um he he could grab her hand and his hand would show that germ and it was one of those gifts that he had and every every child that he had all the way up to Joseph, he would ask the doctor, "Can you see that cyst on the uterus?" Because he knew it was there. And uh and he he said there's um a different quote somewhere, but he said, "Everything we face is in us. We're gonna we're we're kind of like a pinball machine and we're going to touch things and um if you ever broken something, sprained something, the trial is already in you and you're just kind of manifesting it. And so it's it's a courage thing that God um is with you through all that. And um for um my mom knows this, but I uh she always says Jeremy had a small bladder and and to go on trips I was just like a three-year-old. You know, I'd go for an hour and then I had to pull over. My wife can tell you all of our trips we've we've had to do a lot of things like that. And um and like four weeks ago, I was just in the house and it just like there was like lightning that like just run across here and I was suffering with just from picking up the kids and whatnot. um my lower back was hurting me and it was all right there and it left and so so I was like I didn't know it didn't even dawn on me until two weeks later. I was working my routes and I wasn't having my normal like habitual bathroom breaks. Every time I could use the bathroom I'd just go. And uh and even right now I could probably go but I don't have to. So I'm just like normal like all of you now. And I just want to thank God for it. Any more hands, sweetheart? So this one time I we were driving down the road and it was monsoon season. I was freaking out any but like when we were getting close to our house I my favorite song on the radio came out and I was no longer afraid at all. Not one bit. it. My this my f the song my favorite song was was take take it all back. It's the song about is that that it's not like the other songs. It's usually like once the enemy steals something from you, you just take it back. Amen. [Applause] Young lady was just baptized a few weeks ago. God bless her little heart. Sister Sarah, I have to tell them myself. I wasn't sure if I would share this, but both listening to the different testimonies, brother Manny and brother Kirk and brother brother has said already um about pride and that we're supposed to be a light. I was in the clinic and I had just come out of a surgery and I was having some really hard times with the nurses in there and there was one particular nurse, she was young, um, new nurse learning her job and making a lot of mistakes along the way but also getting me in a lot of trouble and I did not appreciate that. So, I had a little bit of resentment towards her or maybe a lot. And um we were just kind of going back and forth over it was about a year and a half of me constantly struggling with this young nurse and um coming out of surgery, of course, I'm not feeling good and it was no excuse for me to do what I did. And so one day um I go in and I'm like literally like a week out of surgery and I'm fatigued. I'm tired. I'm hurting really bad and I get this nurse and all I could think was, "Oh great, here we go again. I don't have the energy for this. I don't have the patience for this." And um I'm very ashamed of what I did. and she just came up and wasn't anything she did really, but I bit her head off and I was just so rude to her and I just, you know, just kind of wailed on her and I wasn't, you know, I wasn't repentant at all. But after she left, I thought, why did you do that? Why did you treat her like that? She didn't deserve that. and you know better just because you're feeling bad and you don't and I felt so guilty as I should have and some time went by and pretty soon I started having a physical problem that I hadn't encountered before ended up having a massive allergic reaction and this went on for some weeks and I couldn't find the source of the problem ended up in the hospital for a day trying to check it out and every day I would think next time you see that nurse you need to apologize and I didn't want to and I was like ah she probably you know it's all in a day's work other people get yelled at doesn't matter you know I'm trying to excuse myself and it was shameful and I just kept thinking no you really need to apologize that wasn't right and so finally the day comes where she's back on rotation and it's about a month out and I'm still having this physical problem and I see her and I'm like, "Oh, she's probably forgotten." You know, and I get to my chair and I think and about the time I'm ready and I'm like, "I really don't want to." And the Lord brought that scripture to my mind. Confess your faults one to another that you may be healed. And that thing that was bothering me, I knew the Lord had caused that in that moment. I knew if you want that to stop and that allergic reaction to stop and this to be well, you need to do what the Lord said, you were in the wrong and you should not be treating people. You shouldn't be joining them in what they're doing. You need to hold your standard. And so I had to eat crow, humble myself very much and uh tell her I was sorry for that. And the most amazing thing was when I did that, her heart softened towards me and she didn't ever treat me bad after that again. And it I felt like the scripture, she's heaping coals on my head because she came back with kindness when she hadn't been so kind before. And I thought, you know, I'm supposed to be the Christian. I'm supposed to be the one being a light and doing what's right and how can I hold my head up in here saying that God's going to heal me if I treat people bad. So, had to knock some more pride off. Had to learn some more lessons. But I'm grateful, like you said, God is the tutor and he does teach you how to be even when you're kind of dragging your feet and having to, you know, you want to say face or put on a brave face, but God's saying, "No, there was no need for that." So, I'm just grateful that he was merciful to me to help me learn that Sister Sarah herself is a miracle. Just her being able to hold this microphone and speak and humble herself before all of us. Sister Sarah, I believe it was Solomon that said, "A soft answer turns away wrath. the wisdom of the Lord, the Holy Spirit in Solomon. Someone else. Hello. Um, my testimony is regarding my son, Khalo. Um, I prayed for all my children all the time to to get saved and to turn their heart to God. But he's my special kid. He likes to help everybody. And lo and behold, he always gets himself mixed up in things just because he's helping people. And he truly is from his heart helping people and he just gets mixed up and stuff. Well, um, for the longest time, I would pray for him and he'd always come to church, but I noticed he wouldn't much be paying attention. And I'd pray to God, God, you know, he needs to get baptized. is in with him getting ready to get his amputation. I said, "Lord, if he could just give his heart to the Lord, it doesn't matter what happens, you know, after that." And I knew that I would pray and pray and pray and and this has been since maybe he was about 12 years old, like age of accountability. So, I would pray and pray for him and still like, "God, you're not answering me." So, a lot of what Pastor Dan preached about today, um, I felt that that's what I was doing. I was like the little kid pulling on, you know, Jesus. Hey, hey, listen to me. Listen to me. And I'd continue to pray no matter what. And when we had the potluck and um Sister Martha said, "Sister, what's wrong with Cleo?" And I'm like, "I have no idea because I was so busy in the kitchen and I look up and he's here." And when he actually said, "I don't know what this is, but I know it's God and I know he's real." Um God since then has taken a hold of him. Uh Daniel Junior's his best friend. He's just like, "Daniel Junior invited me to go do this and Daniel Jun invited me to do that." And he never in the past would be excited about um things of that. Like they're going to have the picnic and he's in charge of the games. Mom, what do you think about words gramples as far as the Bible goes? What do you And like he's so on fire and it's just such a blessing. And God's shown me, you know, it may take 10, 15 years, but he'll always work in in his way. So, thank you. [Applause] Sister Lonnie was saying that she felt like that widow that just kept knocking, kept pulling on Jesus's robe and kept knocking and knocking and knocking and and that's what he wants us to do as the parable went this morning. And when Cleo came up in his wheelchair, I didn't really notice him when he came up there and I looked and when when I looked down, I think somebody got my attention and I looked down and he was he was sitting right over here. Yeah. In his wheelchair. And I looked down and I walked over to him and He said, "I don't know." He said, "I just want to give my heart." He says, "I'm finished with it. I just want to give my heart to the Lord Jesus." And I've never in all my time and with youth camps and ministering and and being in the ministry really for about the past I don't know almost 20 years. I've never seen someone pour out their heart like I did with Cleo. And the weeping and the tears and the joy that that young man had was really without equal as far as what I've seen. Sister Lonnie, the title of that sermon, you know, you said you kept knocking and you kept knocking. The title of of that sermon was, "Are they worth the effort?" They're worth They're worth the effort. Amen. Um, so about a month ago, um, I've been experiencing trials and tests and I would just keep praying out and crying out to the Lord. And I remember brother Daniel had preached and he had said there everything that was going on with Job is it something that's happening in your life that the enemy can go to God and say about this person. So just everything I was going through it was a Wednesday and I came to work to church and I prayed and I said Lord why do all these things happen? What do I need to do? And I just said, we were studying um brother Lyall was doing the Bible study on uh Joseph and I said, "Lord, we've gone through so many five chapters and I know that Job has never been mentioned, but if you can just if you can just even refer to Job or a scripture, something then I'll know that that's what it is and it will be easier for me to know that your and is upon me with the enemy. And sure enough, brother Lyall read a scripture from the book of Job. And so it just makes it easier to know that I can go to the Lord and he will be there and I have victory over the enemy. Yes. [Applause] Of course, brother Lio, he had no idea. But the Holy Spirit knew from the foundation of the world, knew from thousands and thousands of years ago that Lyall Johnson would be ministering and that Sister Debbie would have asked, "Would you please just let him mention this?" And he did. And I'll tell you what, Sister Debbie was like six and a half feet tall when she walked out of service that day. She was so happy. She was just walking on air. And she she said, "Brother Daniel, I have a testimony to tell you." And she told me, "Brother Lyall, that that you had mentioned Job." And she said, "I'd put this before the Lord." Someone else. I'll uh go to Sister Elizabeth first and then I'll come over there. God bless your brothers and sisters. I've been praying for my family um that is not serving the Lord for a long time like my sister prayed for me. I had a close cousin that turned her back on me when I told her that I would not attend her daughter's samesex marriage and we were very very close. I helped raise her daughter. So when I rededicated my life and I told her that I I would go to birthdays and um graduations and other family events if they invited me. But once I told her that I would not participate in any LGBT um backed whatever events, she stopped talking to me. And it hurt. It cut deep cuz we were very close. And I've been to family events where she'll get her chair and just turn it around and give me her back. Just walk by me, won't acknowledge me. I send her texts, birthdays, wishes, ann, you know, ann whatever it is. She's always shut me down. Today there was a family event and I just prayed and ask the door to open a small door that I can come in and just witness to somebody something. And it's hard for me to go to family events because they have, you know, boobly boobly moves like brother Brandon would say, drinking and, you know, and there's cursing. And the last time, one of the last times I went, I asked my brother if we could pray for the food. And he said, "No." And then my other cousin that was standing there, he started laughing. He goes, "No, we don't need any of that around here." And it cut deep to my heart. It hurt me very deeply. And and recently I had invited them to do something and they kind of uninvited me to their event because my brother says, "Well, there's going to be a lot of drinking and a lot of you, you know, we'll just get together another day." Said, "Okay." So they invited me today. So I went and I asked the Lord not to let me feel stressed about going because I knew I would be seeing some of these people. And um my cousin that had been very close to me and I always kept the door open because I want to be a light and I want my light to shine brighter. I don't want them to say about me that just because I'm serving the Lord that I don't want these people in my life. But I want to be able to witness and my light to shine brighter so my circle can get bigger and I can witness to more people and be a testimony that God can change people. Brother, you don't know the life that I have lived. You know, if God can change me, he can change anybody. And today for the first time, my cousin greeted me and she said, "Hi, Missy." And when I left, she said, "Bye, Missy." And for her just to even utter my name after just completely shutting me off cold won't let me even go visit her mom who's like very elderly you know. Um so to me that's a victory and her name is Michelle. Keep praying for my family please. The Lord has been good. I love that. I'll come right back. Like I love that that humility and that love and that burden for someone else. I got a real quick testimony and then I'll bring the microphone back there for another testimony. I was so I ministered last week on pride and I made the statement. I said, "What's worse?" I said, "What do we think of pride? What do we automatically associate pride with?" And I said, "Gay pride." And I said, "What's worse, gay or pride?" Pride's worse. So then, and I said, "If a minister would be up, you would find out that that he had an immoral problem or a lust problem or or a pornography problem or something like that. You wouldn't want that person to be up here and and ministering. You wouldn't want them to pray. You wouldn't want them to speak publicly. you wouldn't want them to do any of those things. But then I said, but if that person had pride, which is a greater sin to God, you'd say, "Oh, well, who doesn't have that?" And then it's pride. And then we had a a couple visitors, one in particular that's uh sitting, Brother Juan, about where you are. And uh I was um greeting him on the way out and Sister Amelia calls me and she says, "Brother Daniel," she says, "Um, do you remember this person that came to church?" And I said, "Oh, yeah." I greeted him. She said, "Um, well, he has a transgender friend and his transgender friend wants to come to church on Sunday." I was like, "Oh, Lord, what do I do?" He brought my own words right back into my face. And he said, "What are you going to do?" And I said, "He'd be welcome to come and give his heart to the Lord Jesus." And Sister Mill said, "Uh, are you sure?" And I said, "Yes, ma'am." I said, "That man has a soul that's worth 10,000 worlds." Now, we can't bring that sin. We can't have that sin in the church, but that soul that soul is worth 10,000 worlds to me. And I believe that if that person ever comes, I pray that they they I'm going to use a proper pronoun. He gives his heart to the Lord Jesus and comes to this altar and makes a change. So, like two years ago, I was at normal Saturday and my dad took me to a jumping place and it was this super bouncy trampoline, which I know I've gone on that before, but little did I know There was rules, but I knew the rules cuz I've been there before. And I jumped on the trampoline cuz I knew the rules. Only one person allowed. And then these two people came on there. And I I felt like I broke my ankle. But I didn't cuz two at least two uh three days later it was healed. like like at least three or two days it was healed like no pain at all. Lord Jesus Christ. I love that. You know, you teach the kids to give God praise, to give God the glory, and to rely on God when they need help. Anybody else? Did I miss one? Brother Jordan. Oh, and the greatest gift is love. I want to tell you about an incident that happened about three weeks ago, maybe two weeks ago. We had a dear brother pass away. Few things out of this is that forgive me brother for interrupting the service that day and I I know it's been forgiven and God corrected my my error and I also want to ask for for your forgiveness also for doing that. Um, and so now the the blessings, not only did the Lord bless my wrongness, but I had an envision of giving something to the Roberts family during that time of turmoil. And I didn't know about the the graveness. I guess I'm I'm not an articulate person for me to get up and say things. uh million things flood into my mind and it's just trying to get the right uh so the story behind that is when we heard that brother Roberts was in the hospital with a very bad condition. Uh, I have the invision to to send them a card, but not from me, but the family here saying that you have many, many, many brothers and sisters that are praying for you. So I decided with a card and so my wife has a stack of cards with all kinds of things, you know, birthdays, anniversaries, etc. And it wasn't until we got I went through them until I got to the last one, not knowing the complete story of what was happening. Um, and I said, "There it is. That's that's the one." And so I had the I didn't have a vision, but I envisioned the tabernacle to sign that and to to give it to the family. Um, so it came Sunday morning. It was hard news. um that he had passed away. Uh so I wanted everybody that was my my vision to have everybody and I said well if I left it in the you know by the water cooler you know people may not have seen it. So I did something that may be irrational or something to to to announce that the story gets even better than that. So I had envisioned just the inside being filled but it went beyond that. And so that was a real real real blessing to see that. The second blessing I guess was that brother Daniel you said you know will we have service that night or will we be a good Samaritan? And sometimes I think that we need to go more than just tell a person that you're in our prayers. Okay. Uh something about I can show me your faith and I'll show you my works. So I decided to be a Samaritan tonight for all of you. Not not just me. So, if none of you know where the Roberts live, well, we finally found the address. We had to go through books and books to find find an address. And they're out there in the boonies. And it's not too difficult during the daytime probably because there's not too many signs. but try to do it in the evening time and it becomes a nightmare. So, it kind of became a nightmare not knowing where the turnoffs exactly were because it's growing and everything and there's new streets and and everything. So, it took me about a half hour from where I started and I only made a few errors that I knew I wasn't going in the right direction. Uh, and I finally got to the Robert's house and I knocked on the door and Sister Hattie answered it. I gave her gave her the card and Sister Sarah came out. The blessing is the family that we have here, each and every one of you. Because when I handed her the card, she didn't say thank you or anything, you know. You know, she was distraught, but she could see a difference that it wasn't coming from one person. was coming from all of you. So, I just wanted to tell you this the story behind that because you only get bits and pieces. And so, brother, first of all, let me say something about brother John. He is the I mean, there's there's some people some of us are a little bit harder to love than than others. Daniel said, "True. Brother John, you're one of the easiest people to love. You have just the sweetest spirit. Brother Dan passed away. I knew it just before church, but they the family asked that please don't tell anyone because we haven't told our family yet. So, we waited until um halfway and I got the text saying you can go ahead and tell. And it actually had a it was a good time in my sermon. Um it was kind of along the subject to say that brother Dan had passed away that night. That very night we had a card from Tucson Tabernacle with our signatures on it for the Roberts family because God had led brother led brother John before service. He had led brother John to buy that card, not knowing that brother Dan was in that serious of a condition that brother Dan was going to pass away. The Lord had led him, got the card, got us to sign it, and got it to the family. I thought that represented us just like you said, Brother John, very, very well. Amen. Brothers, if we um worship team, let's praise Worship you mighty [Music] God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what [Music] I do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you alm mighty God. There is none like [Music] you. Because of who you are. I give you glory. Because of who you are. I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you because of who you are. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you [Music] glory. And because of who you are, I give you praise. Oh, because of who you are. I will lift my voice and sing. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You're Jehovah Gyra, my proider Jehovah. Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Once more. Because of who you are, I give you [Music] glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You're Jehovah Gyra. You're Jehovah Gyra. My provider. My proider. Jehovah Ni. Jehovah Jehovah ni. [Music] Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom. Prince of peace. My prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you [Applause] [Music] are. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I [Music] express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] And I know it's not much. I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. They come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shine on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the [Music] Lord. Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shine on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shine on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you got a lion inside those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] [Music] And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break and declaring there is hope and there is freom. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus and over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus. Let's all stand. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. And Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus for your name is power, your name is healing, your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name, that at the name of Jesus, every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in the earth, and things under the earth, and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of the father. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus in over heart, in every mind. I know there is peace within it presence. Oh, I speak Jesus, Lord God Almighty. Feels so good to speak that name. Thank you, Lord, for the testimonies tonight. Thank you for the encouragement, Father, for the beautiful worship that we've had. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for all the healings that you've given us. Lord, you're so good and we thank you so much. Bless this week. Father, I pray. May those that are here present both physically here and those that are streaming in. And Lord, may they take the blessings from this service and may it give them strength as they go out into the world, other work and also represent you. Lord, we thank you. Thank you for that name of Jesus. Every knee shall bow before that name and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. pray to you in that mighty name of Jesus. Amen. And shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. What a good night. Feel good, man. I feel good. I'm ready to take on the world. Let's go. Let's take it. If the Lord Jesus is with us, we can take it. Satan, he can't. He has to bow before that name, too. So we if we go in the name of Jesus then we are going with the same power that Jesus Christ had. So go in that power this week. Stand strong. Keep your testimony. Be humble. Don't have any pride. But know that you are a son or a daughter of God. God bless you brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. [Music] I sought the [Music] Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. And those look on him are [Music] radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from all my enemy. [Music] The son of God in surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. Oh, he will deliver them and magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see and that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. And oh, fear the Lord. And oh, all you saints, he'll give you everything. Oh yes, he'll give you everything. And magnify the Lord with me. and and come exalt his name and together oh glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. And let us bless the Lord every day and night neverending praise. And may our incense rise. And let us bless the Lord every day and night and never ending praise. May our hints right. Let us bless the Lord every day and night in neverending praise. May our hins rise and let us bless the Lord every day and night in neverending praise. And may our hips rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Music] forever. Brother Lyle, I want to sing that song with David. I want to when I get to heaven, I want to say, "David, sing it for me the way you wrote it." And then let me get my worship team together and then we'll sing it the way we we're singing it. And then we can just rejoice and keep singing and keep praising. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name and together oh glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
