################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-17 - Praise and Worship Brother Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-17
Title:   Praise and Worship: Brother Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s72kG1owx8U
========================================

[Music] Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. Try me, oh Savior. [Music] Know my thoughts. I pray seeing there be some way in me [Music] and cleanse me from every sin and sin. Set me free. Let's sing that verse one more time. Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. [Music] Try me, oh Savior. Know my thoughts. I pray. See, there be [Music] some wicked way in me. and cleanse me from every sin and set me free. Let's stand and uh sing Turn Your Eyes Upon Jesus. Oh soul, are you weery and trled? [Music] No light in the darkness you see. There's life for a look at the Savior and life more abundant and free. So turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for Wonderful face. [Music] And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] through death into life everlasting. He passed and we follow him there over us and no more has dominion more than conquerors we are. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. look in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strange in the light of his glory and praise. [Music] His word shall not fail you. He promised. Leave him and all will be well. And go to a world that is dying is perfect salvation to tell. and turn your eyes upon Jesus. love fall in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strange dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Let's sing Above All and then Brother Dan's got some uh prayer request and we'll sing this one first though. [Music] Above all, above all powers, above all peace, above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of You were here before the world begin. [Music] Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonderers the world has ever known. above all wealth and treasures of the earth. Well, there's no way to measure what your word crucified and laid behind the stone. He lived to die. Rejected and alone like a road trampled on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me above all. Oh, crucified and laid behind the stone. He lived to die. Rejected and alone like a pro. trampled on the ground. You took the fall and you thought of me above all. [Music] Brother Ed, are there any more prayer requests back there? I got uh a couple prayer requests to bring before the Lord gathering together. Believe it was Jesus that said that wherever just two of you agree on something and bring it before the father that he will grant a request um to dire needs tonight. And uh Sister Alberta, I believe this came from you that brother Bobby Wartz is in uh is very close maybe to passing on. Is that right? Um Brother Bobby is he's a dear friend to me. He's actually family. Uh my sister is married to uh Bobby's nephew and I've known brother Bobby for a long time and he's really one of my favorite people in the whole world. I know he's meant a lot to the Tucson Tabernacle. He was close friends with Brother Green and uh he's he's done a lot for us. He's done a lot for Tucson. So, please let's remember Brother Bobby and his family in prayer. And then also a dear friend to me, and that's my uncle. His name is Troy Petty. He's come to church here a couple times. He um I don't know about 10 or 15 about 10 years ago or so he moved from Tucson to San Antonio. He never had in his heart ever to serve God. He was always a good man, but he moved to San Antonio and someone invited him to church. And Troy gave his heart to the Lord. He moved back home to Tucson a few years ago. And uh now He uh had some health problems and um yesterday he was he's been in the hospital for a couple weeks now and yesterday his heart stopped twice and they were able to bring him back but it looks like he could pass away at any time. my cousin who um he's very very close with his dad. Uh Troy's son, my cousin Kyle, is right now in Louisiana and um I can only imagine. Kyle's about um he's a little older than Daniel and I can just imagine the place that he's in knowing that his dad is um he's incoherent right now and he could pass at any time. So if we could remember uh brother Bobby and brother Chro brother Troy um two men that I know both of them very well and I believe that either one of them if they go to meet the Lord Jesus today everything will be fine and that's friends that's how we want to be when we go meet the Lord Jesus I want everything here to be fine and when I go to meet him. I don't want to bring any baggage. I want it all confessed before him. And then putting our all of our trust in the blood of Jesus Christ. Can you imagine when Troy was invited to go to church? Can you imagine the person that invited him? I don't even know who it was. Person that invited him. and uh the Lord did something for him. Can you imagine the honor of you being part of the salvation of this man or anyone else and the importance that we have that we can invite someone to church and they can give their hearts to the Lord Jesus Christ. It's brother Random said it's greater than 10,000 worlds is one soul. So let's friends and is there anyone else? Do you maybe have a prayer request that you have for yourself or something or or someone else that's on your heart? If you have a request, make it known before the Lord with an uplifted hand. Let's bow our heads. our great and mighty God. Lord, with Troy and Bobby, we bring them before you in the name of Jesus Christ, the one who died for our sins. And we ask, Father, that your will would be done in both of their lives. That you would strengthen the families during this time. And Lord, if if it would be your will that either one of them or both of them would raise up off of that hospital bed and be completely healed in Jesus' name, Lord, we pray that it would happen. Lord, we want your will in these things. And Lord, sometimes it's easy to say that we want your will, which is maybe taking the easy thing, but sometimes Lord, your will is for healing. And Lord, we place these requests before you in the name of Jesus Christ and ask that you would heal them if it be your will. And Lord, you saw all these uplifted hands. Dear God, you you've parted the Red Sea. You created the heavens and the earth. Lord, you can do anything. We pray father that you would grant every request represented by every uplifted hand. Lord, we are your children and we place this into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ like you commanded in St. John 14:14. Ask anything in my name and I will do it. Lord, here we have requests and we place them into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, may your will be done in all of these things. Amen. God bless you, brother Michael. You can be seated. Change [Music] my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Oh, change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] Oh, you are the P. I am the clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Oh, change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Oh, change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Oh, you are the potter. I am the flame. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God, [Music] may I be like you. [Music] I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me, but I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me nearer, [Music] nearer, less to the cross where thou has done. Draw me nearer. [Music] Nearer blessed Lord to thy preious lead. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with the steadfast hope and my will be lost tonight. Draw me nearer, [Music] nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has done. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed to thy preious leading side. Oh, the pure delight of a single louder than before thy throne. I stand when I kneel in prayer. And with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer, nearer, bless to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to thy precious bleeding son. There are depths of love that I cannot know till I cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, [Music] nearer. Bless those to thy preious leading son. [Music] The world will try to satisfy [Music] that longing in your soul. And you may search the whole world over, but you'll be just as before. You'll never find true satisfaction. Oh, not until you found the love. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven too for only Jesus satisfy your soul. If you could have the faith and fortune and all the wealth you could obtain. Yet if you have not Christ within you, you're living here would be in pain. But there'll come a time when death shall call you. Your riches cannot help you. So come to Jesus for only he sisfied and only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. Oh, he'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only Jesus [Music] can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart. I make you home. Give me the peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven too. For only Jesus has satisfied the soul. Thank you. Good evening. &gt;&gt; Good evening. &gt;&gt; Let me try that again. Good evening. &gt;&gt; Good evening. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Tonight we continue our Bible study on praise and worship. You know, it'll be different than it was last week because that's different than it was last week. Not too many people are reading it. That's fine. The series began six weeks ago when brother Josiah AO brought us a lesson on the overall theme of praise and worship. Tonight, let's explore for a bit the topics of sacrifice and offering in the context of what God values. This past week was the feast of tabernacles or sukkot in Hebrew. A reminder of the journey under Moses from Egypt to Canaan. A reminder to all of us that our journey in this life is just that. It's a journey. It's temporary. After which we'll enter the promised land. The day after tabernacles ends, there's a celebration called Torah, which means joy in the Torah. I've got to learn to operate this a little better. The scrolls of the Torah, the the five books of Moses are removed from their place of honor in the synagogue. And men literally dance with the scroll, passing it from person to person. That celebration ended at sundown this evening. Some Torah today served as a reminder to me that we need to find joy in the word of the Lord. It's been preserved, handed down, translated for us at great cost to many people. Before we open the word and celebrate in its message to us, let's approach the throne of our creator once more together. Lord Jesus, it's an honor. It's a privilege. It's a responsibility, Lord, to stand before those that you have purchased with your blood, just as you've purchased me with your blood. There's no big eyes. There's no little U's. We're all brothers and sisters in Christ Jesus. You've given us all a post. You've given us all a gift. You've given us all a responsibility. And Lord, help us to know that and to fulfill it to the best that we're able. And with your help, Lord, and in submission to you, Lord, I pray that you forgive us where we have fallen short today. And Lord, that that we just be able to enter into your word, enter into your spirit. Lord, seal my lips, Lord, that I don't say anything, Lord, that would cause anyone harm, to stumble, to be misled, to be misunderstood. But Lord, we just desire to draw together in love to one another and to you. Speak to us this evening, Lord. Answer our questions. Be very near. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. For our opening verses, we'll read from the first time an offering is recorded. It's a familiar story. It's from Genesis chapter 4. We're told, "Adam knew Eve, his wife, and she conceived and bare Cain and said, "I have gotten a man from the Lord." And she again bare his brother Abel. Abel was a keeper of sheep. Cain a tiller of the ground. So we have two baby boys raised as brothers by Adam and Eve. The only parents they knew or would ever know. Adam was a hardworking subsistence farmer. Genesis 2:5 tells us there was not a man to till the ground. So two verses later, God creates Adam from the dust of the earth. created to work. The brothers undoubtedly were told the history of the Garden of Eden, of the fall, of the break and daily communion with God. Years passed. The boys grew into young men, helping with the chores of the family farm. Abel focused on domesticating and raising the animals. Cain on the crops, the labor of planting, weeding, harvesting, and in process of time, it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. Note, this is an offering, free will, by choice. No indication of a demand from God. There are no laws or rules mentioned in the Bible to this point apart from the expulsion from Eden's garden and that you've got to work hard in order to eat. And Abel, he also brought of the first things of his flock and of the fat thereof. Most of the times I've heard any preaching or teaching or other reference to these verses, it's focused on the nature of the offering, its contents. specifically that Abel had an insight what often termed a revelation about the original sin and offered an animal a blood sacrifice. I believe that's true and that Cain didn't. Instead, he offered from his crops, most likely grain. Like Adam, the only dad he ever knew, Cain was a subsistence farmer. And the Lord had respect. The root here is gaze with regard. Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering. But unto Cain and his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth. The words there really mean he's burning with anger. The root of that has to do with heat, intense heat. And his countenance fell. Please be seated. The Lord respected Abel and the Lord respected and accepted Abel's offering. The Lord did not respect Cain and the Lord rejected Cain's offering. Why? In the context of this series being on praise and worship, we understand that worship is submission to God. Submission is not a gift or an offering. It's a requirement. Let's consider this story with emphasis that the offerings were of the brother's own free will. Abel wanted to offer something of value to God as did Cain. In fact, Cain led the charge, so to speak. The Bible tells us Cain brought an offering and also Abel brought an offering. Abel offered from how he made a living from his flock something of value to him which God accepted. Cain also offered from how he made a living from his crops things of value to him as well which God rejected. Why is there something inherently wrong with an offering of produce rather than animals? Remember this is before any rules about sacrifices or offerings are recorded in Leviticus 23 many many centuries after Cain and Abel. We read, "The Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, say unto them, when ye become into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap of the harvest thereof, then shall you bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest. And he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted by you for you on the on the tomorrow after the Sabbath the priest shall wave it. And ye shall offer that day when ye waved the sheath a male lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the Lord. Sounds a lot like Genesis 4. Cain led with a grain followed by Abel with a lamb. and and the meat that is the grain offering thereof shall be two tense deals of fine flour mingled with oil giving a recipe here. They're really got rules. An offering made by fire unto the Lord for a sweet savor and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine, the fourth part of an hen. So from this we see that bringing to the Lord an offering of grain, the food stuffs from your farm is not wrong. It's not bad. The rules for this sort of thing were codified under Moses. But in the time of Cain and Abel, no rules or restrictions are recorded. We're taught correctly, I believe, that Abel had what we call a revelation concerning this sin in the garden and offered a blood sacrifice. Looking to future requirements for offerings and sacrifices, just as we read from Leviticus, not all offerings or sacrifices were blood sacrifices. So, it seems there was nothing about Cain's offering in and of itself that should have caused God to be unhappy with it or reject it. Yet, he did reject it. In fact, he rejected both it and Cain. What's going on? And specifically, how does this relate to our praise and worship today? our offering of praise among other things. Going back to Genesis 4, the Lord had respect, looked with favor, regarded, accepted unto Abel and to his offering. But unto Cain and to his offering, he had not respect, but with disfavor, disregard. Cain was burning with anger, and his countenance fell. You could see it on his face. He is so angry. And the Lord said unto Cain, "Why art thou wroth?" Why is thy countenance fallen? God focuses on Cain's reaction. Cain didn't ask, "Why did you reject this? What did I do wrong? H how can I do better and be accepted and respected? Cain was angry rather than simply disappointed. And God cares enough about Cain that he is speaking to him having a one- on-one conversation. If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? If thou doest not well? Sin lith at the door, and unto thee shall be his desire. Thou shalt rule over him. Sometimes when we read some of the King James English, I don't know about you. I tend to just scratch my head. It's easy. I got no hair, so I can I can scratch my head. But let's look at in the NLT. Why are you so angry? The Lord asked Cain. Why do you look so dejected? Cain, you will be accepted. You will be accepted if you do what is right. But if you refuse to do what is right, watch out. Sin is crouching at the door, eager to control you. But you must subdue it and be its master. God tells Cain he can recover from this. to be aware that sin is always our enemy, ready to snatch us and take control, but that Cain and by extension each of us has the ability to resist sin. &gt;&gt; We call it free will, making choices. The Lord is using this event as an opportunity to instruct and teach Cain, just as Jesus would later use every opportunity, including failure, to teach and instruct his followers. What choice did Cain make? Cain talked with Abel, his brother. It came to pass when they were in the field, Cain rose up against his brother Abel and killed him. And the Lord said unto Cain, "Uh, where is Abel? Your brother?" God is still offering Cain an opportunity to repent, to do what's right, to confess. But Cain doesn't seize this opportunity. He tries to deflect. I'm sure none of us have ever tried to deflect when we're caught doing something guilty. And Cain said, "I know not. Am I responsible for my brother?" And God said, "What hast thou done? The voice of thy brother's blood crith unto me from the ground." And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand. You've had your last chance, Cain. When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength. A fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth. And Cain said unto the Lord, "My punishment is greater than I can bear. Behold, you've driven me out this day from the face of the earth, and and from thy face shall I be hid." Notice Cain's response when confronted with his sin and its consequences. Does he repent? Does he ask for mercy? No. He feels sorry for himself. My punishment is more than I can handle. Cain's focus is on Cain. Well, we'll end the story of Cain and Abel here. We might ask, why did God reject Cain's offering? He later required or seemed to require exactly what Cain was offering. Why would the Lord treat doing the right thing as doing the wrong thing? Jesus talked about this in another way in uh you may have heard of it, the sermon on the mount. Matthew 7 verse 21. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, &gt;&gt; but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. That's exactly what God told Cain in Genesis 4:7. You do the right thing, you'll be accepted. Jesus goes on, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works. We did exactly as you instructed us, fulfilled your word, and with wonderful results." And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. Ye that work iniquity. What? Just as Cain's offering was consistent with what would later be required. These being rejected in Jesus' sermon were doing the very things we are told we should be doing. Then will I profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. And the punishment is the same, separation from God. In Genesis 4:14, Cain said, "Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth, and from thy face shall I be hid." What's going on? How does it relate to our praise and worship today? I think we can refer back to our recent studies of David and Saul for the answer. In chapter 16 of First Samuel, Samuel has come to Jesse's town ostensibly to offer a sacrifice. In reality, it's to anoint a king to succeed Saul. Samuel was afraid to go because he and Saul were not getting along very well. And the Lord said, "Well, go and offer a sacrifice. Use that as a cover story. The town's people are nervous. Ask him if he's come in peace. And Samuel said peaceibly, I have come to sacrifice unto the Lord. Sanctify, wash, cleanse yourselves, and come with me to the sacrifice. And Samuel sanctified Jesse and his sons and called them to the sacrifice. And it came to pass when Jesse and his sons were come that Samuel looked on Jesse's oldest son Eliab and said, "Probably to himself, surely the Lord's anointed is before him." Now the key. But the Lord said unto Samuel, "Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature, because I have refused him. For the Lord seeth not as man seeth, for man lookth on the outward appearance. That's a nice grain offering there, Cain. But the Lord looks on the heart. Looks on the heart. Now you recognize this. It's from the title slide. I've outlined the last word in verse seven. Lelay lav on the heart. And in this variant of the word lev which means heart in this case it means the inner man, the mind, the will, the heart. I I've been linking prayer, praise, and worship with Gary Chapman's book on the five love languages. You you may recall for a relationship with the Lord quality time is represented by prayer. Words of affirmation by praise. Last time we saw acts of service through our serving one another in love. Tonight sacrifices and offerings can represent God receiving or not receiving our gifts. When Cain offered to the Lord, the Lord looked beyond the gift and saw Cain's heart. It was the condition of his heart that caused the Lord to reject his offering, his gift. We would say it was insincere, looked good, came from the wrong motive. Why was Samuel looking for Saul's successor? Let's go back a moment to to 1st Samuel 15. Why, brother Ly, we talked about David and Saul before. Why are we doing this again? Because it ties into praise and worship, sacrifice and offering, and their importance. Samuel came to Gilgal where Saul and his army were celebrating after a campaign to destroy one of their enemies, the Amalachites. Solomon had given explicit instructions about this campaign by the Lord through the prophet Samuel. He was told to wipe them out. It's hard for us to grasp this sort of a command, but he was told to wipe them out. Kill all of them, including their animals. Just get rid of them. The enemy and all their livestock was to be killed. Saul only partially obeyed. And Samuel scolded him. Saul just didn't understand. And Samuel came to Saul. And Saul said unto him, "Blessed be thou with the Lord. I performed the commandment of the Lord." Hallelujah, Samuel. Welcome. And Samuel said, "What meanth then this bleeting of the sheep in my ears, and the loing of the oxen which I hear?" And Saul said, "They, not we, they have brought them from the Amalachites, for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God, and the rest we've utterly destroyed." Samuel said to Saul, "Hold on. Stay. Give me a moment. I will tell you what the Lord hath said to me this night. And King Saul said to Samuel, "Say on. I can't wait to hear. The Lord spoke to you. You've come. We're celebrating a great victory which the Lord gave us. Tell me, Samuel. Tell me." And Samuel said, "When thou was little in thine own sight, was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel? And the Lord anointed thee king over Israel?" And the Lord sent thee on a journey, and said, "Go and utterly destroy the sinners, the Amalachites. Fight against them until they be consumed. Why then did you not obey the voice of the Lord, but flew on the spoil, the plunder the goods, and did evil in the sight of the Lord? And Saul said unto Samuel, I have obeyed the voice of the Lord. I've gone the way the Lord sent me, have brought Aag, the king of Amalcch, and have utterly destroyed the Amalachites. the the the people took of the plunder of sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgal. You see, Samuel, we're in the process of completing the task. And we're not just killing the best animals, but offering them as a sacrifice to the Lord. And here you are, the prophet, to do the sacrifices that ought to be done. Isn't this wonderful? Praise God, Samuel. What's wrong? And Samuel realizing Saul didn't get it, said hath the Lord his great delight and burnt offerings and sacrifices, which by this time were required, as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. Remember the meaning of worship, submission, complete submission by free will choice. Behold, Saul, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. For rebellion, disobedience, making excuses, inserting your own will is as the sin of witchcraft, stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Saul, I pleaded with the Lord all night. He's firm in his dep displeasure. He's told me that because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. Saul's incomplete obedience to the Lord didn't condemn him to hell. Later, Samuel told Saul he'd be with him. But incomplete obedience to the Lord cost him blessings in this life. God looks on the heart. As a result in Eden, he rejected Cain's offering, his gift. Here he had asked Saul to destroy something. Saul decided to offer it as a sacrifice to God. God rejected it. The worship God wanted was submission. The gift God wanted was obedience. Brother Random talked about this. He explained it as motive and objective. Why? Why are you doing what you're doing? What are you trying to achieve? And in power of transformation, he said always check out your motives and objectives if it's according to the word of God. If it isn't, leave it alone. See, but if it's with the word of God and lines up with the word of God, then you hold on to that. A month later, he said, but first, you see, your motives and objectives has to be right. You have to have reasons for this. God don't give you those things just because you ask. And you cannot ask in faith unless there's a real objective to that to to be in the will of God. You see, if you want to be well, what do you want to be well for? See, if you want to be healed, what's the reason you want to be healed? What are you telling God? What do you want to do with your life when you get healed? See, there's got to be you've got to have a motive and objective. And they have to be right according to the will of God. And then when faith is revealed to you, God by his sovereign grace places that faith in there. Then it's over. You see, so it's not just what you do that is important or what you need or want, but why, what's in your heart. At the end of his ministry, the last week in Jerusalem, Jesus is speaking to the local leaders, not about them, to others. Did you see what this guy did? But to them, he's saying a reduced version of what brother Daniel covered Sunday from the sermon on the mount. In Matthew 23:27, he's speaking. Let's let's listen in. Woe unto you scribes, Pharisees, hypocrites. The word hypocrite means actor. He's calling them pretenders, insincere. For ye are like white and supplers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness. These people that was very important to them to be ceremonially clean. You're full of uncleanness. Even so, ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity. These men that he's speaking to, they knew the scriptures. They realized he was comparing them to David's enemies. Jesus was not making friends here. Psalm 59 we read, "For there is no faithfulness in their mouth. Their inward part is very wickedness. Their throat is an open seeler. They flatter with their tongue." And this isn't just a focus on the laws of the Old Testament. Jesus made it clear this applies to his followers as well. In Mark 16, we read of the final commission of Jesus to his disciples. We call it the great commission. This is Mark's uh account of the great commission. Jesus said unto them, "Go ye into all the world. Preach the gospel to every creature. He that believes and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned." And these signs shall follow them that believe. In my name shall they cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover in my name. They shall cast out devils, preach the gospel. Let's reread from Matthew 7 sermon on the mount. Again, Jesus speaking of the final judgment in the closing statements of that sermon. Many, many, we must be careful. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? In thy name have cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works? We did exactly as you instructed us with wonderful results. Oh, we're so happy. Thank you, Jesus. And then will I profess to them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. Iniquity. We did exactly as you said. [Music] But why did you prophesy and do these things? What was in your heart? What were your motives? What were your objectives? Again, it ties in perfectly with last Sunday morning's lesson from Matthew 5, two weeks ago on worship, serving God by serving one another. Matthew 25 starting at verse 31. when the son of man now this is Jesus he's talking about himself in the third person third person is a perspective in English grammar not as in trinity when the son of man shall come in his glory and all the holy angels with him then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory Jesus is speaking of himself Let me read it in the first person. It it may have a bit more impact. When I shall come in my glory and all the holy angels with me, then shall I sit upon the throne of my glory, and before me shall be gathered all nations, not political entities as we think of nations, but all peoples, all races. And I shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divides his sheep from the goats. And I shall set the sheep on my right hand, but the goats on my left. Then shall I say unto them on my right hand, come ye blessed of my father, inherit the kingdom prepared from you from the foundation of the world. And he'll recount some of what they did. For for I was hungry and you gave me food. I was thirsty, you gave me drink. I was a stranger and you welcomed me. You took me in. Naked and you clothed me. I was sick and you visited me. I was in prison and you came to me. And then shall the righteous answer me, saying, Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you? Or see you thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a a stranger and took you in or or naked and clothed you? Or or when did we see you sick or in prison and came unto thee? And I, having looked on their hearts, having evaluated their motives and objectives, shall answer from my throne, and say unto them, verily I say unto you, in as much as ye have done it unto one, how many? One, even just one of the least of these my brethren, you have done it unto me. Then shall I say also to them on the left hand, "Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels, for I was hungry. You didn't give me any food. I was thirsty. You did nothing to slake my thirst. I was a stranger. You didn't welcome me. You weren't friendly. You didn't even say hello. I was naked. You didn't give me any clothing. I was sick. I was in prison. You ignored me. You didn't visit me. Then shall they also answer me, saying, Lord, when did we see you hungry or or thirsty or or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison and and did not minister unto you? If we'd known you were there, Lord, we of course would have done this for you. We didn't see you in these circumstances. What are you talking about, Lord? Then I shall answer them, saying, verily I say unto you, in as much as you did it not to one of the least, the least of these, you did it not to me. In other words, in love, serve one another. and these shall go away unto everlasting punishment, but the righteous unto life eternal. It's pretty clear, I think, what we do is certainly important, but why we do it is more important. What's in our heart? What is our foundation for doing these things? Jesus told us. What did he say about this when he was challenged again during his final week in Jerusalem? We read in Mark 12, "And one of the scribes came and having heard Jesus and the Sadducees reasoning together, and perceiving that Jesus had answered the Sadducees well, asked him, "Which is the first the the greatest commandment of all? We've got over 600 commandments. Which is the greatest? Jesus answered him. The first of the commandments is here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord, and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind, with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. And the second, even though you're not asking me, I'm going to tell you. The second is similar. It's namely this. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. Matthew adds a statement by Jesus in this conversation that Mark didn't include. Matthew 22, on these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. The amplified version says it this way. These two commandments sum up and upon them depend all the law and the prophets. all of it. In other words, this is the foundation of the entire Old Testament, indeed of the whole Bible. And have you noticed these two commandments are not part of the Ten Commandments? The Ten Commandments are not as important as these two. That's what Jesus just said. Though the first one is implied, you can't just skim the headlines, depend on sound bites to understand things. You need what Paul Harvey, those of you that are really old like me, know who Paul Harvey was. Paul Harvey used to call the rest of the story. Well, continuing and and the scribe said unto Jesus, "Well, master, meaning teacher, you've said the truth, for there is one God. There's none other but he. And to love him with all the heart, with all the understanding, with all the soul, with all the strength, and to love his neighbor as himself is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices. This is taking place in the temple court where they're doing those very sacrifices. The motive is more important than the action. And when Jesus saw, he answered discreetly. Jesus said unto the scribe, "Thou are not far from the kingdom of God. No man after that dared to ask him any questions." They stopped challenging him. Worship is submission. Now, one does not have to love Vladimir Putin to submit to his rule if you're in Russia. You don't have to love the Ayatollah in Iran to submit to him. You can legislate submission. You can generally force obedience, but you can't legislate love. God wants the gift of our obedience, but he really wants is for that obedience to be based not on fear of reprisal, not on legislation or law, but on fervent love toward him. Back to our verses, love God, love your neighbor. The first and greatest commandment is known as the schma. Schma is a Hebrew word. Its form is an imperative. It's a command. It means listen. It means hear. It It's found in Deuteronomy 6 verse four. Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul. What? What does that mean? All thy soul. The word translated soul means entire being, life, desire, appetite, emotion, passion, with all thy might, strength, resources, abundance. In in Hebrew, Schma Israel, they don't ever say the word Yahweh. They say either Adoni, Lord, or Hashem, the name Adonai, Elohu, Adonai, Aad, love the Lord thy God. The way it's written in the Hebrew, love here is an action. It's a word that requires an object, we call a direct object, like throw the ball, right? It has a direct object. The object of your active love is to be the Lord your God. And if you in fact love him this way, what will you do? And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine smartphone in your pocket. No, not on your eye stone, an amulet on your neck or your wrist. No, no, in your very heart. And thou shalt teach them haphazardly diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them from time to time. No, no. Shall talk of them when thou sitest in thine house, when thou walst by the way, when thou liest down, when thou riseest up. When I was reading that, I was reminded of something from my past. when thou riseest up. I've talked before when I lived in Israel a half century ago. Joe was there. This is an Egod bus that they they were the main bus company in in Israel. And that's the nearest I could find of a picture of one from 1975 when I was riding those buses. Yeah, we had buses in 1975. They had wheels and we had fuel and stuff for those of you that may think that it's really ancient. Well, I'd ride the bus from Natana where we lived to Tel Aviv in the south, then transfer to an LL workers bus to go to Bengurion airport where I worked for LL Israel Airlines. During a ride from Natana to Tel Aviv about 20 miles around 6 or 6:30 in the morning, Cole Israel, Voice of Israel is what that means. It's it's the national radio network. They didn't run radio stations 24 hours a day. They turn them off late at night and then at this 6 or 6:30 in the morning, they would come on the air when thou rise the stump. And there was a recording that would always be played every morning. And it was the singing of the Schma played at high volume on the radio with the bus. Israel. Hashem Elohu. Hashem Elohu. Hashem. Shma is Hashem. Elohu. [Music] Hashem. Hashem. Eloh. [Music] Hashem. I don't do it justice, but it was lively. It was It It woke you up. Sung with joy. uplifting. Well, continuing on with the scripture, moving up 50 years to today, and thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes, and thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house and on thy gates. It just isn't about Sunday or or Wednesday evening. It's about all aspects of our lives. And what of our neighbor? We turn to Leviticus 19. And thou shalt not avenge nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. I am the Lord. I ask the musicians to to please return. Jesus would later expand the definition of neighbor beyond those of your tribe or clan or people through the parable of the good Samaritan. Samaritan, a despised neighbor who went of his way, went out of his way to help one who likely despised him. Our closing verses are from a place near the end of the sermon on the mount, Matthew 7. Therefore, all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them. For this is the law and the prophets. This is the law and the prophets that's built on that foundation of love of God and love of neighbor. The amplified version reads like this. So then when whatever you desire that others would do to and for you, even so, do also to and for them. For this is this sums up the law and the prophets. In love, serve one another. By this will all men know that you're my disciples. Be certain that service is built on a foundation of love in your heart for the Lord and for your neighbor. Let let's worship him now. Offer him our hearts. Please stand with me. Just two songs that I'd like to sing before we turn it over to our pastor. The first one being I give you my heart. This this is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, &gt;&gt; Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. &gt;&gt; I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, &gt;&gt; Lord, have your way in me. Let's try it again. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away. Lord, have your way in me. If he does have his way, what will happen? What will our desire be? I think one of them will be that we want to live the way he wants us to live. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let's start with the chorus. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I want to live the way he wants me to live. &gt;&gt; I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. &gt;&gt; I could never never out love the Lord. There have been times when giving and loving brought pain. And I promised that I'd never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well worth the risk and that even in losing you win. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to give. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. He showed He showed us that only through dying we live. And he gave when it seemed &gt;&gt; there was nothing to give. He loved when loving brought heartache and loss. He forave from an old rugged cross. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no. That was one of my ever
