################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-07 - The Life of David Pt5 Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-07
Title:    The Life of David Pt5: Lyle Johnson
Speaker:  Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5W6sXMHO2w
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, June 4th, 2025, 7 PM Tucson Tabernacle. Brother Lyle continues his series on the life of King David.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Good evening. Let's stand and sing that song. For a long time I travel down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy in sinners sink. Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taken his flight. Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like a poor wretching beggar who found fortune and fame. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his holy name. Well, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus and been born [Applause] again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born [Applause] again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save my wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out that he would bring me out and show me the way. Amen. Sing. He abides. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk away for the hand of God. In all my life I see that the reason of my plans. Yes. The secret alles that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk their way for the comfort of abide with me. Oh, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard Jesus died upon the tree. And I fell down at his feet and licked a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoice in night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. He'll comfort abides with me. Oh, he bids. He finds you. Halleluah. He bites with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the way for the comforter confides with me. Oh, there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up then instantly. And all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh, he abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort abides with me. Amen. You guys may be seated. Um let's sing I will bless thee, oh Lord. And then I believe Sister Hope has a song. Sing this one and then you can bring your special after that. I I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with the heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Sing that verse again. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. With the heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. With the heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. We will bless thee, oh Lord. We will bless thee, oh Lord. With the heart of thanksgiving, we will bless thee, oh Lord. And with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise, with the heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] I drifted on the flight's many days. Okay, Sing it with me. He searched for various ways. Troules he had some but not from [Music] above. God gave him his son on the wings of the dove. On the wings of the snow, white dove, God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of the earth. [Music] Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a [Music] stable in a manger of h though he rejected but not from above. God gave us his son. On the wings of the letter, on the wings of the snow, white dove, God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of the dove. Though I have suffered in many ways, I cried for healing. Both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten by the father above. He gave me his son. On the wings of the t. On the wings of the snow, white earth, God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Though the prophet has left us, he showed us the way. He said, "Go unto Jesus from day to day." For he has proised from the depths of his love. He'd send down his [Music] sunlight on the wings of the earth. On the wings of the snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love. A sign from [Music] above on the wings of the [Music] earth. Amen. I was debating and I uh like usual I came to the wrong conclusion. I uh saying, "Lord, do you want me to give this testimony or not?" And uh I decided not. Obviously, I'm going to because Sister Hope sang that song. That song is um special. So I've given the testimony many times about how brother Brandham told my dad that he had there was a popular song on the radio by a country music singer named Ferlin Husky and named On the Wings of a Snow White Dove. And uh he asked my my dad, my grandfather, he said, "Have you ever heard that song on the radio by Ferland Husky called On the Wings of a Snow Whiteeyed Dove?" They said, "Yeah." He said, "I have a message I want to preach." And he said, "I want to title it on the wings of a snow white dove." Now, this happened in 1961 that he told my dad this. He said, "I have a message that I want to preach and I want to name it on the wings of a snow white dove." And when you hear that sermon, you know, you'll know it's my time to go. And as I've said, I've given that testimony be here here a number of times. And um he preached that sermon November the end of November 1965. And within within 30 days, brother Brandham had gone to be with the Lord. Um the testimony I wanted to share was the the verse that sister Hope sang that wasn't in the original song that I believe Brother Brandaman wrote it though. had suffered for many days. Did you sing? I think you sang that verse. He had suffered with a stomach condition and it was with him pretty much his whole life and he had an experience in Sabino Canyon in 1965, the same year that he passed away. And you probably know the story. It was a a vision that he had of this squirrel that many years earlier had gone down into his stomach and and just torn his stomach up and he had suffered with this stomach problem. And this time in 1965 when he was up in Sabino Canyon, he saw that same squirrel and in a vision and it had jumped to hit his mouth like it had done before and it missed and it hit a cactus. I assume it was a choya cactus and killed itself. And brother Ram knew that that was the end of his stomach problem. And he said, 'Lord, he said, and and right there in that sermon, Sister Hope with that same title, he says, why now at the end of my life, me an old man, the end of my life, he was 56 years old. Why did the Lord choose to heal me now and not before? Well, he did. And my testimony that I'd like to share is I gave a testimony of being healed of a stomach problem in uh I don't know it's probably 15 years ago. We were in church and I I told it was either Sunday morning or Sunday night. I told about how the a friend of mine had laid his hands on me and prayed for me and I had suffered with this stomach condition for my whole life and at that very moment the Lord healed me. Well, I think I've given that testimony here in church, I think three times. And I think I've given it uh other places. I think maybe one or two times. Every time I give that testimony, the next day I have worse stomach problems that I've ever had in my whole life. And it hits me and it hit me this week. And oh, and it's back to the handfuls of Tums and and drinking the water. And but you know, it gives me faith because I should know it's coming because that's the only time that it hits me is when I give that testimony. So, you know that just as just as we know that God is real, we know that Satan is real, too. And he hates us and he want he's coming after us and he's got a punch. My I was talking with my brother a couple hours ago. He was giving me a testimony of uh somebody that was in our gym there that had given his life to the his heart heart to the Lord. And right after he gives his heart to the Lord, right after his son drowns and is killed. And my brother um ministered and said that Satan is a counter puncher. He fights, but he fights. We take a swing at him and he's really good at taking a swing back. And that's what he's done to me this week with my stomach. And it's like, you know what, Satan? Because my stomach's so upset and because I have that acid reflux coming up, you know what? It helps my faith because I know you're real, too. But I also know that God healed me. And I know that it's going to be gone and it's going to be gone forever again until I give the testimony again. And you know what? I'll give the testimony again and I'll suffer through it. Satan, friends, Satan hates you. He wants you to go to hell. He wants you to go to the same place that he is going. Jesus loves you and Jesus wants you to go to the same place that he is going, which is the heavenly kingdom, which is eternal life. And you know what? It's up to you where you go. Brother Bram said, "Satan voted against me. Jesus voted for me. And how I cast my vote is what determines my eternal destination." So, it's in our hands. We can choose God or we can choose Satan. We can choose to look at the symptoms or we can choose to look at the promise. Amen. Sister Hope, thank you for the song. It always inspires me to give that same testimony. I know you can quote it by heart. It's okay. You can tell other people, too. It's it's a blessing. But but this one was especially a blessing because my stomach is is just really upset right now. And when you were singing that song, I thought of that squirrel and how that vision how it missed him and it was killed forever. And brother Brandham said, he said, "Why me?" An old man at the end of his life. And he was gone. Brother Jeremy, that was preached, I believe, on Thanksgiving 1965 at Jack Moore's church in Shreveport. And then within a month, Brother Rand with the Lord. Just amazing. God bless you. I uh I didn't mean to take your time. I thought it'd be an encouragement to you. God bless [Music] you. I had this song on my heart on the list, but uh as she started talking, I uh decided to pick above all out of the list and above all powers and above all things. I think it's fitting song. Above all power, above all kings, above all nature and all created things. above all wisdom and all the ways of men. You were here before the world begins. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treesures of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth. Crucified, laid behind the stone. You live to die, rejected and alone like a road. Trempled on the ground. eternal fall of me above all. Let's go back to verse one. Above all [Music] powers, above all kings, above all nature and all created, above all wisdom and all the ways of man, you were here before the world begins. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonderers the world has ever known. of all wealth and treasures on the earth. There's no way to measure what you will [Music] crucified. Laid behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. He took the fall on me of our home. Crucified laid behind the stone. He lived to die. Rejected and alone like a rose treble on the ground. He took the fall and [Music] abing. that that line, you live to die. He lived to die so that we might die to live. It's it's just it's just the perfect balance. The reflection. The reflection. I I I love it. I love it. And the last time since we met in our study of David, Jerusalem Day was observed in Israel. the reconquest of the old city in the Temple Mount on the 28th of IR on the Hebrew calendar May 26th this year but was June the 7th 1967 58 years ago. June 7th is this coming Saturday. Last Sunday, June 1st was the first day of Shàuot, the feast of weeks, what we know is Pentecost. That was on the Hebrew calendar. On the Christian calendar, it will be this Sunday, June the 8th, right in between on June 4, sandwiched between the Jewish and Christian observances of Pentecost. And we all think of that Pentecost, the year Jesus rose, when the Holy Spirit came and empowered those in the upper room to boldly declare the gospel message there in Jerusalem. I'm excited tonight about our lesson on David. It will culminate with his conquest of Jerusalem and I can't help but be encouraged by the timing, Jerusalem, Shàuote, and Pentecost and our study of David. If we could stand together and approach the Lord in prayer before we uh before we proceed. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful that we can call upon your name. We know, Lord, that you're here in our midst, Lord, and we just we just long for that those those times, those moments when we can just bask in your presence, just feel your spirit near us. Lord, I pray for our pastor Daniel this evening with his stomach that's still bothering him, Lord, that you just grant him complete relief from that. That we just send it right back to Satan. We don't accept it. We don't want it anymore. Lord, I pray that you would forgive us each one this evening. Lord, wherever any of us have fallen short and especially, Lord, perhaps selfishly, I ask that for myself, Lord, that nothing would be said here that would mislead or discourage or confuse anyone. But Lord, that you might be glorified. Lord, we're just grateful that we can have this opportunity. Continue to be with us. Bless us. Thank you for our musicians, those that lead in worship, Lord, to help us lay aside the cares of this world and draw our focus onto you. May our focus remain on you this evening. We ask in Jesus precious name. Amen. For our opening verse or verses, I'd like to read a portion of a psalm of David. And and of course, it'll be found in Acts chapter 2. It's part of Peter's sermon in Jerusalem on Pentecost. Pentecost is in Jewish tradition the day when Moses received the Torah on Mount Si. Many practitioners of Judaism this weekend will hear the Ten Commandments read in a synagogue and then they'll go home and spend all night studying the Torah. It's also the traditional birth date of King David. It's also the traditional death date of King David. Peter is speaking to a crowd of pilgrims fully aware of these traditions. And he's standing not far from David's tomb. In fact, it's almost certainly visible to him and many in the crowd as he speaks. The traditional site from the 9th century AD is indicated on the satellite image of Jerusalem marked with the Star of David. But I've also put a question mark near the south wall of the old city in the Temple Mount, which is the more likely location based on the biblical texts. Regardless of the uncertainty today, its location was known in Peter's day. Peter is speaking of Jesus and David on Pentecost in Jerusalem. And he's quoting from Psalm 16. We read in Acts 2, for David speaketh concerning him, the Messiah. Psalm 168, I foraw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand that I should not be moved. Psalm 16:9, therefore did my heart rejoice, my tongue was glad. Moreover, also my flesh shall rest in hope. Psalm 16:10. because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer tholy one to see corruption. Psalm 16:11, "Thou hast made known to me the ways of life. Thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance." Peter then begins preaching, "Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you the patriarch David." He's both dead and buried and undoubtedly gesturing. He says, "And his suppler is with us to this day." You can see it. It's right here. Please be seated. For the past several weeks, we've examined the life of David through narrative and psalms during the years before he became king, the formative years. Tonight we'll look at the life of David through the transition to the royal years when he became king. We're now at a place in David's life where the book of 1 Chronicles contains many of the same events as the end of the book of 1 Samuel and all of the book of 2 Samuel. We'll start tonight's lesson of David becoming king by reading from 1 Chronicles 10. The same account almost word for word is in 1st Samuel chapter 31. Both accounts, however, leave out a very important detail. And by the way, we'll be reading a lot tonight. And that's a good thing because we want to hear from him, not from this guy. 1 Chronicles 10. Now the Philistines fought against Israel, and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines and fell down slain in Mount Gilboa. We talked about the setup for this battle last time when David was sent home to Ziglag while the Philistines went up uh to the uh forces of Saul that were in the north. And the Philistines followed hard after Saul and upon his sons. And the Philistines slew. They killed Jonathan and Abinadab and Mushua, the sons of Saul. And the battle went sore against Saul. And the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers. For Samuel Count said he was sore wounded of the archers. Then said Saul unto his armor bearer, "Draw thy sword, thrust me through therewith, lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me." But his armor bearer would not. For he was sore afraid. He was very afraid. So Saul took a sword and fell upon it. Both accounts leave out the fact that Saul's attempt at suicide failed, leading you to think that Saul falling on his sword ended his life. But it didn't, as we'll see in a few minutes. But he soon did die. And when his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword and died. So Saul died and his three sons and all his house died together. 1 Samuel says, "So Saul died and his three sons and his armor bearer and all his men that same day together." Well, both accounts then tell of the rescue and burial of Saul and Jonathan's bodies by the men of Yabesh Gilead. 1 Chronicle then immediately starts 11:1 Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, "Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh. And moreover, in time past, even when Saul was king, thou was he that led us out and brought in Israel. And the Lord thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel. Thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel. Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king at Hebbron. And David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the Lord. And they anointed David king over Israel according to the word of the Lord by Samuel. So we have Saul, Jonathan are killed, their bodies are rescued and and and buried and Israel gathers themselves in three verses. We have David made king over Israel. Zero verses from the death of Saul to chapter 11 verse one. Quick and easy, right? What do you think took? few weeks. Doesn't take that long to come from the north down to Hebron and say, "Hey, you're our guy." Wrong. You might remember when we studied in the book of Genesis that there was this white space between the end of chapter 40 and chapter 41. And chapter 41 tells us that this was a gap of of two years. It's between when he interpreted the dreams of the butler and the baker and interpreted the dreams of Pharaoh. The Bible is silent about what happened in those years, but we were able to determine and infer some of the significant events that occurred. Well, there's a similar white space between the end of 1 Chronicles chapter 10 and 1 Chronicles 11. I've shown an excerpt from the Hebrew text over on this side because this doesn't have verses and chapters and all that, but there's a space and that space is significant. It's like the white space in Joseph's life and it's also a period of about two years. It's called reading between the lines. In fact, 2 Samuel takes four chapters to get from the death of Saul to 1st Chronicles 11:1, which is the same as 2 Samuel 5 verse one. Well, what happens in the first four chapters of 2 Samuel? What happens during those two years? Any guesses? Civil War. There's a civil war. We often think, well, Saul had a United Kingdom and then David had a United Kingdom onto Saul and then it split. Saul had a united kingdom, then it split. David reunited the kingdom with Solomon and then it split again permanently. So, let's read. The text starts by filling in that missing event that I mentioned at the death of Saul on Mount Gilboa. Now it came to pass after the death of Saul when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalachites and David had abodeed two days in Ziglag. You might recall from last time that uh the Philistines had gathered here at Aphek. They had sent David back to Ziglag while they went up to fight with Saul. The forces were at Jezreel. They met at Mount Gilboa. David gets back to Ziglag, finds the city burned. the people have been stolen. He and 400 of his men cross this uh this little brook down here and they go to the Amalachites and they rescue everybody and they come back to their ruined city. And now they've been back for two days. No internet, no texting. He doesn't know what's happened up in the north. He he'd like to know. It came to pass even on the third day that behold a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes torn earth upon his head. And so it was when he came to David that he fell to the earth and did obesence. And David said unto him, "From whence come thou? Where are you from? How'd you get here?" And he said unto him, "Out of the camp of Israel, I am escaped." David said unto him, "How went the matter? I I pray thee, tell me." And he answered that the people are fled from the battle. Many of the people also are fallen and dead. And Saul and Jonathan his son are dead also. And David said unto the young man that told him, "How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan and his son be dead?" The young man that told him said, "As I happened by chance upon Mount Gilboa, Behold, Saul leaned upon his spear, and lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him. And and when he looked behind him, he saw me and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I." And he said unto me, "Who who are you?" And I answered him, "I am an Amalachite." He said unto me again, "Stand, I pray thee upon me. Slay me. Anguish has come upon me, for my life is yet whole in me." Notice Saul has been badly wounded by the archers. He's tried to end his life by falling on his sword, but he's still alive. He's now leaning on his spear in absolute agony, trying to commit suicide before he's tortured by the Philistines. He calls for the stranger to kill him quickly and his misery quenches fear. A mercy killing. So I stood upon him and slew him because I was sure he could not live after that he was fallen. and I took the crown that was upon his head and the bracelet that was on his arm and have brought them hither to my lord. I I obeyed your king's command. Then David took hold on his own clothes and rent them and likewise all the men that were with him. And they mourned and wept and fasted until evening for Saul and for Jonathan his son and for the people of the Lord and for the house of Israel because they were fallen by the sword. We must keep in mind David has the heart of his shepherd. The descendants of Jacob are his people. He feels responsible for them. He's been selected by God as the king to succeed Saul. Though Saul's a troubled man who hates David personally, he was also selected by God to be king and rule over the nation. And his son, Crown Prince Jonathan, was David's very best friend and most trusted ally. And David said unto the young man that told him, "Where are you from?" And he answered, "I am the son of a stranger and Amalachite." David said unto him, "How was thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the Lord's anointed?" And David called one of the young men and said, "Go near, fall upon him." And he smoteed him that he died. In the future, when David wants to build the Jerusalem temple, the Lord will tell him that he can't because he has shed too much blood. We'll see this trait of David throughout his life. Perhaps a lesson to us to not be quick to condemn others. David said unto him, "Thy blood be upon thy head, for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I have slain the Lord's anointed." Now, I I like to read an associated psalm. And and there is no psalm about this, but David did compose a lament revealing his heart. David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan, his son. And a rather curious verse here in parenthesis also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow. Behold it is written in the book of Joshua. This verse is generally believed to be a reference to this lament titled the bow. It may have been meant as a warning to not underestimate the danger of the archer. Either way it was part of a collection contained in a scroll titled the book of Jasher. We say jasher. The Hebrew is Yeshua meaning straight or righteous. But that book has not survived. We only have this lament. The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places. How are the mighty fallen? This is plural. Are not is. The lament is worth both Saul and Jonathan as well as the people. How are the mighty fallen is a recurring refrain in this lament. Tell it not in Gath, publish it, declare it not in the streets of Ashcolon. Why? These are Philistine cities. Lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph. Ye mountains of Gilboa, let there be no dew, neither let there be rain upon you, nor nor fields of offerings. For there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away. The shield of Saul as though he had not been anointed with oil. From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty. They were brave and valiant warriors. Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives. He speaks in this manner of whom? Saul as well as Jonathan. And in their death they were not divided. They were swifter than eagles, stronger than lions. Ye daughters of Israel, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet with other delights, who put on ornaments of gold upon your apparel. How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle? Oh Jonathan, thou was slain in thine high places. I'm distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan. Very pleasant hast thou been unto me. Thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women. Some isolate this verse and claim that David and Jonathan were homosexually involved. No, it's speaking of the extreme grief that David felt at this news. How much he valued the friendship between himself and Jonathan. He then ends with, "How are the mighty fallen and the weapons of war perished?" Well, it came to pass after this that David in the ruins of Ziglag, at that time still in Philistine territory, David inquired of the Lord, saying, "Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah? This place is destroyed. Lord, where should I go?" The Lord said unto him, "Go up." David said, "Whi shall I go up? Where?" And he said, "Unto Hebron." So here again we see this map. That's where the battle was. You can see the scale of miles. The distance from Ziklag to Hebron is maybe 25 miles, maybe 30. Hebron's in the midst of Judah. You might recall that that's where Jacob lived when Joseph uh left and went up north and got sold into slavery and sent down to Egypt. It's where Jacob lived when Joseph sent the carts to come and take him to Egypt. So David went up to there and his two wives also, Ahinoam the Jezelitis, and Abigail, formerly Nibal's wife, the Carmelite. And his men that were with him did David bring up every man with his household, and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron. And the men of Israel, no, no, no. The men of Judah came and there in Hebbron they anointed David king over the house of Judah and they told David saying that the men of Yabish Gilead were they that buried Saul. You might remember when Saul became king, not everybody was happy about that, but one of his first acts was to rescue Yabish Gilead from an attack and threatened mutilation by the Ammonites, which you read about in 1st Samuel 11. And this was the act that united the kingdom under Saul. And David sent messengers unto the men of Yabishgilead, and said unto them, "Blessed be ye of the Lord, that you have showed this kindness unto your Lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him." And now the Lord showed kindness and truth unto you, and I also will requite you this kindness, because you have done this thing. Therefore, now let your hands be strengthened. Be ye valiant, for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them. David's praising them at the same time trying to draw them into his fold and make him their king to fully replace Saul to again unite the kingdom. But Abner, the son of Nurr, now Abner is a close relative of Saul, either an uncle or a first cousin. The genealogies say that uh that Kish had a brother named. So that would make him his his uncle, but it also talks about children there suggesting he was a first cousin. So we don't really know, but he's a very near relative. Abnner the son of Nurr, captain of Saul's host, took Ishbath, the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanim. Remember, Saul and three of his sons were killed in the battle of Mount Bilgoa, but Gilboa, but Saul had a fourth son, Ishbos. Abnner is the military leader of Saul's army, the one whom David insulted when he snuck into Saul's camp and took his spear and water jug, which we covered last time. Regardless, Abnner is intensely loyal to his relative Saul and thus Saul's bloodline, which David had promised to not destroy. So Abnner takes Saul's remaining son, Ishbos, and Abnner made him king over Gilead and over the Asherites and over Jezrael and over Ephraim and over Benjamin, over all Israel. So here on this map, I've drawn in the approximate border of uh his Bosch kingdom in red there with his capital at Mahanim. And David is meanwhile ruling Judah from Hebbran. And as always, I've got the six-pointed star marking the location of Jerusalem. Ishbos, Saul's son, was 40 years old when he began to reign over Israel. And he reigned for two years. But the house of Judah followed David. And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months. Well, since his Bose only reigned for two years, this tells us that that white space that we saw in 1 Chronicles between chapters 10 and 11 is about two years. Well, back to the start of his Bose's reign and the beginning of the civil war. And Abnner the son of Nur and the servants soldiers of his Bose the son of Saul went out from Mahanim to Gibian. And Joab the son of Zariah and the servants soldiers of David went out and met together by the pool of Gibian. They sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, the other on the other side of the pool. This is not sitting side by side in lounge chairs at a resort pool drinking pink lemonade having a friendly chat. They're on opposite sides of a pond. They're each leading an army and they're there to fight. So here we can see that uh David's guys have come up here from Hebron and Abner's guys have come down this way and they're here at Gibian Saul's old headquarters of Gibia right next door to Gibian. Th this is a difficult passage for me to read. Abnner said unto Joab, "Let the young men now rise and play, make sport in this context, fight before us." And Joab said, "Let them arise." Joab agrees to the contest. And there arose and went over by number 12 of Benjamin, which pertained to his Bose, the son of Saul, and 12 of the servants of David. And they caught everyone his fellow by the head and thrust his sword into their side. So they fell down together. Wherefore that place was called Yeah, you can read it. Which is in Gibian. In other words, the 24 combatants all died. Let them play. Let the games begin. It's a gruesome spectacle. You're sending these guys there to fight. It's the modern equivalent isn't quite to this level. It's like mixed martial arts cage fighting or something. The intent here is you fight to the death. It reminds us of a millennium later when Roman gladiators will fight in an arena while people sat and watched. There was a very sore, a very fierce battle that day. Abnner was beaten. the men of Israel before the servants of David. So there's now war between Ishbosa's army under Abnner and David's army under Joab. Well, the rest of the chapter describes towards after this battle uh Joab's brother Aahel, which is one of David's mighty men, chased Abnner. Abnner warned Azahel to don't follow me, but he wouldn't stop following. Abnner winds up killing him. Toward the end of the day, Abnner and Joab agreed to stop fighting. Abnner, his men returned to Mahanim. Joab and his troops returned to Hebron after burying Azahel in Bethlehem. We'll see that Joab was then out for vengeance against Abner. That's the end of the first battle, not the end of the war. Chapter three. Now there was long war, two years, between the house of Saul and the house of David. But David grew stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul became weaker and weaker. Meanwhile, unto David were sons born in Hebron. His firstborn was Amnan of Ahenoam, the Jezelitis. The second Helab of Abigail, the former wife of Nabal the Carmelite. The third, Abselum. We'll hear about him later. The son of Maka, the daughter of Talmi, king of Geisher. Geisher is a territory within Manasseh, modernday Golan Heights. And the fourth, Adonijah, the son of Haggith. And the fifth, Shepha, the son of Abatel. And the sixth, Eitham by Eglot, David's wife. So, David got to Hebron with two ladies. Now he's got at least six. These were born to David in Hebron. We'll see later that he also has daughters that were born to him during this time. They're not listed, but we'll find out about them when we discuss a future rebellion under Abselum. And it came to pass while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David that Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul. So Abner is cementing his leadership within this Israel kingdom of the north. Well, this goes on for a while. Abnner and Ishbos have a big falling out over a concubine of Sauls, and Abnner decides, you know, this isn't going so well. Uh, we're losing. We need to reunite the kingdom. This this just isn't working. Abnner's a power behind his Bible tells us in these verses that Isbos was afraid of Abner. So, we get to verse 12. Abnner sent messengers to David on his behalf. He's apparently fed up with the spoes, seeing the direction of the war, saying, "Who's is the land?" Saying also, "Make thy league." In other words, a covenant, a contract, a treaty, an agreement. Make thy league with me, and behold, my hand shall be with thee to bring about all Israel unto thee. Let's come together. Let's get this thing figured out, and I'll deliver the rest of the kingdom to you. I've got the power to overthrow overthrow Ishbas. I put him up, I can pull him down. He's a figurehead. And David said, "Well, I will make a league with thee. But first, there's one thing I require of thee. That is, thou shalt not see my face, except thou bring first my Saul's daughter when thou comest to see my face." Remember, they were married. They very much loved each other. She saved his life when Saul was trying to surround and kill him from their house. Saul then took her and marry her off to somebody else. David sent messengers to Ishbosh Saul's son, saying, "Deliver me my wife Michael, which I espouseed to me for 100 foreskins of the Philistines. And Ishbosas sent, and took her from her husband, even from Faliel, the son of Leish. And her husband went with her along, weeping behind her to Bahoreim. Then said Abnner unto him, "Go return." And he returned. Meanwhile, Abnner had communication with the elders of Israel, saying, "Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you. Now then, do it. For the Lord hath spoken of David, saying, "By the hand of my servant David, I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines and out of the hand of all their enemies." Abnner also spake in the ears of the the leaders or elders the tribe of Benjamin. Abnner went also to speak in the ears of David and Hebron all that seemed good to Israel and that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin. In other words, he's talked to everybody. He's found out what they want in their treaty so that they can stop the war and and and everything will be settled and well, you won't take vengeance on this guy and whatever all these terms are. He's got everybody to agree to this. He's the diplomat now. So Abnner came to David to Hebron and 20 men with him. And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast. And Abnner said unto David, I will arise and go and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they may make a league, a covenant, an agreement with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thy heart desireth. Then David sent Abnner away and he went in peace. So far so good. Behold, the servants of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop there. Returned to Hebron from from a raid, and they brought in a great spoil, a lot of plunder with them. Abnner wasn't with David and Hebron, for David had sent him away. Abnner was gone in peace. When Joab and all the hosts that were with him were come, they told Joab, saying, "Hey, Abner, Abnner, the son of Nur came to the king." And David sent him away. And he let Abnner go in peace. Then Abner came to the king and said, "What have you done? Behold, Abnner came unto thee. Why is it thou has sent him away, and he's quite gone? Thou knowest Abnner, the son of Nurr. He came to deceive thee, to know thy going out on thy coming in, to know all that thou doest. You can't trust Abnner. He's spying to strengthen himself against us. And when Joab was come out from David, he sent messengers after Abnner, which brought him again from the well of Sira. But David didn't know anything about it. And when Abra was returned to Hein, Job took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly and smoteed him there under the fifth rib that he died for the blood of Azahel, his brother. Remember the one that Abner had killed after that first battle. This seems to be common in the culture. Recall various cities of refuge were established under Moses and under Joshua throughout the land when it was conquered by Joshua and the tribal allotments were made. The purpose so was so if a person was killed the person responsible could escape to the city where his case would be heard and if it turns out it was accident then the as long as a person stayed in the city of refuge they were safe. But numbers 35:27 says and the revenger of blood find him without outside the borders of the city of his refuge. The revenger of blood shall kill the slayer and shall not be guilty of blood. In other words, you had permission to do this blood vengeance thing. And we're clearly told that Joab, rightly or wrongly, was acting as a revenger of blood. And afterward, when David heard it, he said, "I and my kingdom are guiltless before the Lord forever from the blood of Abnner, the son of Nur." He then curses Joab and his descendants and relatives. Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's house, and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that has an issue, or or that is a leper, or leanth on a staff, or falleth on the sword, or that lacketh bread. So Joab and Abishe, his brother, slew Abner, because he had slain their brother Aahel at Gibian in the battle. David said to Joab and to all the people that were with him, "Rend your clothes, gird you with sackcloth, mourn before Abnner." And King David himself followed the beer, the coffin, part of a funeral procession. They buried Abnner and Hebrron. The king lifted up his voice, wept at the grave of Abnner. All the people wept. The king lamented over Abner and said, "Dide Abnner as a fool dieth. Thy hands were not bound, nor thy feet put into feathers. As a man fallth before wicked men, so fellowst thou. And all the people wept again over him. And all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day. David's swear, saying, God, do so to me, and more also, if I taste bread or ought else, till the sun be down. All the people took notice of it. It pleased them. Whatsoever the king did pleased all the people. All the people in all Israel understood that day that it was not of the king to slay Abnner the son of Nur. David's honoring Abner in this way sends a calculated a deliberate signal to the inhabitants of his Bose kingdom that David's not responsible for Abnner's death. Remember they've just concluded a peace treaty. Oh yeah, peace. I'm going to kill your head guy. No. So this is a very awkward situation diplomatically. The king said unto his servants, "Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?" And I am this day weak, though anointed king, and these men, the sons of Zariah, be too hard for me. The Lord shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness. Chapter 4. When Saul's son Ishbos heard that Admir was dead in Hebron, his hands were feeble and all the Israelites were troubled, really worried. Saul's son had two men that were captains of bands. The name of one was Bana. The name of the other Rahab, the sons of Rimman, a Barathite of the children of Benjamin. So one day about noon, as this Boseit lay in his bed taking a nap in the heat of the day, these two guys entered. They came into the house. is supposed to lay in his bed in his bed chamber and they smoteed him and slew him and beheaded him and took his head and gat them away through the plain all night. And they brought the head of Ishbath unto David to Hebron and said to the king, Behold the head of Ishbos, the son of Saul, thine enemy, which sought thy life. The Lord hath avenged my lord the king this day of Saul and of his seed. Saul's line is cut off of all of his sons. Now David answered Raab and Bana his brother, the sons of Remma and the Barathite, and said unto them, "As the Lord liveth, who hath redeemed my soul out of all adversity, when one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziglag, who thought I would have given him a reward for his tidings. How much more when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? Shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand and take you away from the earth? David commanded his young men and they slew them, cut off their hands and their feet and hang them up over the pool in Hebron. Pretty gruesome stuff. But they took the head of Ishbath and buried it in the suppler of Abner and Hebron probably for convenience. Notice the the treaty with Abnner did not require his Bose's death, only that David would become king. David had promised not to cut off Saul's line. Well, now we get to 2 Samuel 5:1, which is the same as Chronicles 11:1. We've just got through the blank space. Then came all the tribes of Judah, no, Israel, to David unto Hebbran, and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh. Also in time past, when Saul was king over us, thou was he that led us out and brought us in Israel. And the Lord said to thee, thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain ruler over Israel. So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron. And King David made a league with them in Hebron before the Lord. And they anointed David king over Israel. It's now a united kingdom. David was 30 years old when he began to reign. He reigned 40 years in Hebbran. He reigned over Judah seven years and six months. And in Jerusalem he reigned 30 and3 years over all Israel and Judah. And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land. Now recall our opening scriptures from 1st Chronicles 11. Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron and made a covenant with them and Hebron before the Lord. And they anointed David king over Israel according to the word of the Lord by Samuel. and David and all Israel went to Jerusalem which is Jebus. You remember our opening sequence of scriptures. We saw there was a gap between 1 Chronicles 10 and 11 and the Hebrew text it was clear we saw it was a bit over two years but we just saw in 2 Samuel 5:5 as well as 2 Samuel 2:1 that David ruled from Hebron for a total of seven and a half years. Is there another gap? Yes, there's another gap here. It's clear in the Hebrew text. This is a much smaller gap on the page, but it's five years, not two. So, he ruled over the combined kingdom for about five years from Hebron before going to Jerusalem and making it its capital. Okay? Doesn't tell us what happened in those five years. So, we're not going to go two and a half times longer than we just went to cover this gap. The king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land, which spake unto David, saying, "Except thou take away the blind and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither." Thinking, David cannot come in here. This is a taunt. It's an insult. The Jebusites are saying, "Even our lame and blind inhabitants can prevent your forces from taking our city. We're impregnable. Don't even bother trying. You're no match for us." Nevertheless, David took the stronghold of Zion, the same is the city of David. And David said on that day, "Whosoever getth up to the gutter," gutter, we'll get to that. Getth up to the gutter and smiteth the Jebusites and the lame and the blind that are hated of Dave's David's soul. He shall be chief and captain. Wherefore, they said, "The blind and the lame shall not come into the house." The the complete Jewish Bible translation's a bit clearer. What David said on that day was In order to attack the Jebusites, you have to climb up from the spring outside the city through the water tunnel. Then you can do away with those so-called lame and blind whom David despises. Hence the expression, the blind and lame keep him from entering the house. And in the King James italicized statement, he shall be chief and captain. That's really a statement about Joab from 1 Chronicles. David said, "Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain." So Joab, the son of Uriah, went up first and was chief. Well, let's take a closer look at all this. What's the big deal about the Jebusites? And what's the big deal about Jerusalem? Until now, it has not played a role in our story. In fact, Jabus, the city of the Jebusites, which eventually was expanded and became Jerusalem, at that time was a small walled city. It covered about 11 acres. It's not even a city block. This is this is nothing. Until now, in Israel's history, it had not been conquered. Not by Joshua, not even up to the time of Saul. It's not to say the people known as the Jebusites in general had not been weakened or reduced in number and size over the years. It's only to say that Jebus, the city of the Jebusites, had never been conquered. Joshua 15:63, talking about all the conquests. As for the Jebusites, the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out. But the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day. From the book of Joshua, in the book of Judges, we read, "The children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem, but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin Jerusalem until this day when Judges was written." Somehow the city seemed unconquerable, 11 acres. Joshua tried and failed. Judah tried and failed. Benjamin tried and failed. They apparently weren't causing trouble. You never read about raids by the Jebusites. It's the Philistines, the Ammonites, the Amalachites, and so forth. Why the sudden interest and trying to take it now? Consider the early history of our nation. The 13 original states were along the Atlantic coast. The southern states, Virginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia, allowed slavery. The seven northern states, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, did not. In choosing a location for the nation's capital, a compromise was reached. a small territory on the border between these two regions. The border between Virginia and Maryland was set aside as being part of neither state, part of neither region. And in the approximate geographical center of the nation at that time, most people lived along the coast. So even though these territories are shown going in, people lived along the coast here and along the coast here. Washington is pretty much the middle. They might have gotten this inspiration from David. Consider David's situation. Saul had his capital at Giba in the territory of his tribal affiliation, Benjamin. David of Judah had his capital deep inside Judah in the city of Hebron there. And Saul's thing was there and this other fellow Mahanim was way up here. Jabus that is Jerusalem was not part of any tribal land. It was unconquered. Yet it was on the border between Judah and Benjamin. When Joshua describes the borders in the book of Joshua, Jebus is stated as being part of the border of Judah in Joshua 158 and part of the border of Benjamin in Joshua 18:16. As we just read in Joshua, the children of Judah couldn't conquer it. Judges tells us the Benjaminites couldn't either. Centrally located, it's the perfect location for a politically neutral territory from which to rule the united monarchy from Dan to Beersa. When we think of ancient Jerusalem or the city of David, we imagine the old city that we see today. the huge temple mount, the Dome of the Rock, the Elsa mosque, the Western Wall, and so forth. I marked the walls of what we called the old city in yellow in this satellite view of modern Jerusalem. You can see the Temple Mount right there. We'll zoom in a little bit. Here's the old city again with a Temple Mount Plaza indicated, but in David's time, it was very different. Here's the same image of modern Jerusalem with the area of the city of the Jebusites that David conquered outlined in pink. The area which will become known as the city of David. It still is. That district is known as the city of David. And you can can't make it up. And there's a road that goes right through there. And that road is called the city of David. It's not what you expected, is it? It barely covered 11 acres. It's not even what we call the old city. Why was it so resilient to conquest? Here's a cutaway view of the topography of Jerusalem, the height or altitude. The vertical scale is exaggerated. You can see the present old city wall and you can see the temple mount area there outlined. The city of the Jebusites, which David conquered, is on this little ridge in pink, this little finger of land. Here you can see a a valley on your right to the east of the city. It's called the Kidrron Valley. It's deep and steep. The hill rising on your right, marked in green, is the Mount of Olives. A smaller valley marked here in blue is called the Tyropean Valley, which means the valley of the cheese makers. Don't ask me why. It cuts right through the old city in the edge of the Temple Mount. It's largely filled in today, but in David's time, it was steep and narrow in the area of the Jebusites. Again, in pink, there was a wall and a steep reinforced area to protect from the north towards what would become the Temple Mount. This view shows those two valleys marked on a zoomed-in view of the modern city. The ancient Jebusite city location outlined in pink is today still known as the city of David. The location has a very important strategic water source. Water is everything in the desert. I think we know something about that with that huge flooding.3 of an inch of rain we had last week that we somehow survived. Well, this is the Guihan spring. Recent archaeological discoveries indicate the Jebusites had massive towers and walls to protect the water source. And the spring, by the way, feeds the pool of Salom. And the spring is a gushing spring. It's not flowing all the time. It flows and doesn't. And water gushes and stops. So, it'll flow a large amount of water, then no flow for a while, then another gush. This is the approximate path of the channel that fed the pool. Again, the city is outlined in pink. And you say, "Well, that's pretty easy to get to." No. No. In ancient times, that channel that fed the pool was cut into bedrock and then covered over with massive stone slabs. Water was all important. Ask brother Daniel about how important water is. This is an illustration of the water system based on archaeological findings over the past few decades. So the Guihan spring protected and defended channels this water to the Salom pool along that way and what amounts to an underground channel or tunnel. There's a massive rock cut pool. This here has been cut into the bedrock. So you've got water coming from a spring protected with massive towers. It goes through this essentially underground channel that's been cut into the bedrock to go to this pool. And then up here's a tunnel that's been dug. And so they get water inside the city because you can see the ancient wall ruins of the ancient walls onto the bedrock. This is the modern ground surface here. So they get water with buckets or whatever quite a ways down and then go through this tunnel and bring it into the city. Water was drawn, as I say, probably with buckets and ropes. The intricate system has been around since about 1,800 BC. This is the end of Joseph's life, 350 years before the Exodus, 400 years before Joshua entered Canaan. This was a fortified place and they had plenty of water. Yeah, the people that are giving you a problem have to go get water someplace else. That rock cut pool here. Here's a a little bit of some of the excavation of it. It's pretty deep and pretty steep. And a final note on this, but the King James version uses the word gutter in verse eight. David said on that day, whosoever getth up to the gutter and smiteth the Jebusites. Other translations typically say water tunnel or water shaft. The Hebrew word, I'm sure you're all wondering what the Hebrew word is, right? The Hebrew word is senor, translated gutter. That word senor only appears two times in the entire Bible. Only twice. The other time it appears is in Psalm 42:7. A verse I think that we're all familiar with. Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy water spouts. All thy waves and thy billows are gone over me. Here it's translated water spouts. Other translations typically say the noise or roar of thy waterfalls. Jewish publication society says the roar of thy cataracts. Personally, since this only appears twice, I wonder if David in writing the psalm is associating the noise of the gushing nature of the Guehon spring in conjunction with that shaft or rock cut pool. The noise of the surging water would help to mask any noise that Joab and his fellow invaders might make as they climb to sneak into the city and open the gates to let David's army in. So David dwelt in the fort and called it the city of David. David built roundabout from Milo and inward. 1 Chronicles tells us that Joab repaired the rest of the city. David went on and grew great and the Lord of hosts was with him. And Hyram, king of Ty, sent messengers to David, and cedar trees and carpenters and masons. And they built David a house. David celebrates the dedication of his house as recorded in Psalm 30. A psalm and song at the dedication of the house of David. I will extol thee, oh Lord. Thou hast lifted me up and has not made my foes to rejoice over me. Oh Lord, my God, I cried unto thee and thou hast healed me. In Hebrew, this is poetry. You have two lines that say essentially the same thing but in different ways. That way you can translate it to other languages and it carries through. It doesn't upon pentameter and rhyming verse and all that sort of thing. Oh Lord, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave. Thou hast kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit. Sing unto the Lord, oh ye saints of his. Give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. His anger endures but a moment. In his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning. And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved. Lord, by thy favor thou hast made my mountain to stand strong. Thou hast hide thy face. I was troubled. I cried unto thee, oh Lord. Unto the Lord I made supplication. What profit is there in my blood? When I go down to the pit, shall the dust praise thee? Shall it declare thy truth? Hear, oh Lord, and have mercy upon me, Lord, be thou my helper. Thou hast turned for me my mourning and to dancing. Thou hast put off my sackcloth and girded me with gladness. Why? To the end that my glory, my voice may sing praise to thee and not be silent. Oh Lord my God, I will give thanks unto thee forever. What sort of lessons can we take home from this portion of the story of David? We see David move from being selected to eventually rule Israel to its fulfillment. A civil war, eventual peace, the conquest of Jerusalem, David settling there, building a palace from which to rule the nation. To me, those blank spaces are significant. They tell us we must be patient. God does things in his time, not ours. We can depend on his word, but not on our own interpretation or expectation of its timing. David knew he was anointed to be king over all of the land of promise, but he had to fight for it. Fight on the one hand and patiently await the Lord's timing on the other hand. Remember that opportunities that he had to kill Saul and wouldn't do it. The outcome, he's going to be king. He's going to rule over the nation was never in doubt. But the path was not an easy one. Nor was it swift. It contained pain, anguish, rejection, danger, betrayal, a seemingly unending struggle. It also contained times of peace, happiness, contentment, fulfillment. Does it sound familiar to any of you? Both kinds of times are in our lives. I think in the first gap of two years, there was civil war. But in the longer gap of five years, we're told very little. David reigned in Hebron over the reunited kingdom until he moved the capital to Jerusalem. We're not told what happened in those years other than a list of sons born to him, and we're not sure which were in the first two years and which were in the second five. musicians could please return. At the end of all this, David conquered the city of the Jebusites. Hyram built a palace for him, supplying both the materials and the builders. We saw David's rejoicing in Psalm 30. We often remember a line from that psalm. Sorry. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning. We must hold on to those things which we believe the Lord has promised us. Endure and work in the interval between the promise and its fulfillment, just as David did from the time he was anointed by Samuel until he reigned over the entire nation of Jacob's descendants. When David closed Psalm 30, he wrote, "Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing." Sometimes I wonder if we dance enough. Thou hast put off my sackloth and girded me with gladness. Why? Why has the Lord done this? To the end that my glory, my voice, may sing praise to thee and not be silent. Oh Lord my God, I will give thanks unto thee forever. The Apostle Paul wrote in many of his letters admonishments to be thankful always. Let's close this portion of the service and turn it over to our pastor while we sing. Give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. I'm off key, aren't I? Help me out, brother. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. in faith because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Help us everybody. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now what the weak say, I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And [Music] now what the weak say, I am strong. Let our poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Do you like the blank spaces and how Brother Lyle could take the blank spaces in one book and fill it in with another book? I got I got another short story. That's what I do. I was when I was a kid, Denise, I was probably your boy's age, may maybe a little bit younger, and I was uh I was reading my Bible and I got to that part about Abner and um Asahel. Asahel or Heel. Aahel. And you know, a boy, you know, I was like maybe 12 years old or younger and I'm reading this story and this whole dialogue is going on when they're sprinting and Abner's running and he's ahead of um Asahel and and he's running and he's turning back and he's saying, "Back off, man." You know, back off. and and the guy just keeps running and and uh is Joab's brother and he could run like a deer and here's Abner and he's going and I'm I'm in my Bible and I'm reading this thing and I still remember you know as as a kid in parents it's so important to get your kids in this Bible because the stories in this Bible are far better than any Star Wars or any stories that you that you ever see. I was into Star Wars, too. I had a kind of an overactive imagination when I was a kid. And anyways, I'm just getting into this story and I'm I'm reading and they're running and and Josiah Abner was like he was like, "Bro, back off. You don't want me to stop." And this guy just keeps coming and keeps coming. And Abdar stops and he takes his spear and he does this like ninja move and takes the back of the spear and stabs this guy that was chasing him and kills him. And I I still remember as a kid I was like, I like Abner, you know, he's this guy's great and he was honest and and and I'm reading this and I turn the page like, "Oh man." Then Joab goes and just like sneaks sneaks him off by himself and takes his spear and just murders him. Totally unfair fight. But when I was reading that, I just remember like this is this is an amazing story. And the Bible records these kind of behind the scenes things. And it was just such it was such an interesting thing to me. And at like 10 or 11 years old, I still remember the visions I had in my mind of the story and how just how great of a man David was and kind of just this Joab. He was just a I think the Bible I think David responds to him as a as a bloody man later and he just he didn't have any um didn't have a conscience conscience to him and uh it was just the story that brother Lyall was telling I was just like man this is so interesting and it's just so deep and then he got to the the pool of um Saleom Huh? The G. Yeah. The Guehon. The Guehon spring. Yeah. Yes. So, so all all of this. Now, I'm going to I want to geek out on hydrarology to you, but there was a So, I went there in uh I don't know if five or six years ago, whatever it was, I went to Jerusalem and Hezekiah. So, we got we got to know our Bible. So Hezekiah, we have Saul's the first king. David's the second king kind of. Um Saul's son was in there a little bit, so he may have been, but we have basically Dave Saul David. And all of this is happening around this spring of water. And there's there's no water. It's about the same climate we have here in Tucson. And later on, the last great king of Israel digs a tunnel from this water source, digs it through, I assume it's limestone, through the rock into the walled city of Jerusalem so that they could get the water inside of there. And and all of this has its roots right here in what brother Lyall was reading to us today. I uh I love it, friends. I love the Bible. We we got to we got to stay in it and we got to teach our kids this word. It's the more you teach them, sit them down and tell them stories at night and and this will stick with them. It stuck with me. And I mean, Brother Manny, you can be 50 years old and it sticks with you, you know. Do you appreciate Brother Lyle? I do so much. [Applause] Let's bow our heads. Father, we thank you for your word. Lord, I just Oh, as I go through this Bible, I just love it so much. And brother Lyall, he goes through and reads so much out of this 2 Samuel and in Chronicles and and Lord, it's just such a wonderful story, but it's not just a story, Lord. It's true. Then he tells us, "What lessons can you get from this?" Lord, we thank you for those lessons. We thank you for the Bible. We thank you for the grace of the Lord Jesus. Lord, we're just grateful. We're grateful that that you love us enough to preserve your word and give us an opportunity to read it and Lord to even place oursel in this word. We thank you, Father. Thank you for brother Lyle for his love for you, his hard work. Lord, these these lessons don't come easy. They take a tremendous amount of time and research and reading and studying. Lord, we thank you for the time that he put in. I pray that it would, Lord, that it would take hold in our lives and that it would be well worth the time that he's put in that we might take it and Lord, we might be better people. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for this church and all the loved ones here and the love we have for each other. Lord, there just there's I could never stop and saying thank you. Bless us now as we go. Father, guide our path. Be with us. Father, protect us along this life's journey. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. give thanks. God bless you, friends. Please read your Bibles. Read it on your own. Sit down, sit in a comfortable chair, open up the Bible, read it on your Bible app, whatever you want to do. and just enjoy it because it's good. Don't don't feel pressured like, "Oh, I gotta do this or I'm gonna just dedicate um I'm gonna dedicate an hour or 30 minutes a day to reading reading my Bible." Do it because you want to do it because you can sit down and when you really get into it, it is great. It it's just it I told somebody one time I was witnessing to this lady. I said, "The more you pray, the more you want to pray." And the more you read your Bible, the more you're going to want to read your Bible because it doesn't disappoint. I love our Wednesday night Bible studies. I want to keep doing it. It just it's it's a blessing to me. And I think that we're moving forward as a church and we're we're learning these things, these foundational beliefs that make us a Christian. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Give thanks. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope, there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family I speak. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire.
