################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-18 - Prelude to Easter Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-18
Title:    Prelude to Easter: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCVjMBTltv8
========================================

Description:
Wednesday,  April 16th, 2025 7 PM. Tucson Tabernacle. It's Holy Week, so Pastor Daniel Evans goes through the events that led to the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] The ocean is dry. There's no stars. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can't fly. Oh, if that is enough, then [Music] heaven. There's no feeling like this. If that is in love and you paid in full by the blood of the lamb. You happy to be here on Wednesday night, Easter week. Let's sing this song. Let's clap our hands. Let's wake up a little. When justice call for a payment for sin, no unworthy could be found among men. But the precious son of God with the cross and thorny crown paid the debt with the blood of the lamb. came paid for by the blood of the lamb. Were free from sin, free to live. Now I am. And it is. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down. made in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, how great. Oh, how great was the debt that I owed, bound to pay for the seeds I had sown. But in Jesus my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed by the blood of the man. Paid for by the blood of the lamb. Free from sin. Free to live. Now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down. Paid in full by the blood of the lamb. One more time. Paid in full. Paid in for by the blood of the lamb. Free from sin, free to live. Now I am. And it freed on the page where my sins were written down. Made in full by the blood of the lamb. And it reads, And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Would you all stand with me tonight? Brother Manny, would you come open the service in a word of prayer? Come on up. [Music] You have a need, the Lord sees everything. I didn't get any prayer requests, but like I said, he sees [Music] it. I'm not going to do a prayer. Well, let's bow our heads. Father, we come to you in the might name of Jesus. Thank you for another day that wasn't promised. uh bless this service and bless all. Give all our needs to the Lord in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, it's already [Music] done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing that again. Oh, it's already done. Thank you, Lord. It's already done. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing that again. Oh yes, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. The victoryy's won. And it's already done. I'm already healed. Oh, and I'm already healed. Oh, I believe it. I'm already here. The battle is over. The battle is over. The victory won. It's already done. Let's sing that again. I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already healed. Oh yes, I'm already here. I believe it. Battle is over. Victory is won. And it's already done. My family is here. Oh, my family is seen. Oh, the family is sealed. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Let's sing. It's already done. Sister, if you come get ready. Oh, it's already done. It's already done. Oh, the battle is over. Victory is one. Oh, it's already done. You can have your seats. [Music] I wanted to sing this tonight in honor of Good Friday and the coming resurrection morning. [Music] They were watching from a distance and they could not take their eyes from you. You were bleeding. They were weeping. Faithful sisters, they had followed you. They did not understand. They could not see. They were mourning their loss. And as the sky turned black and the earth turned red at the foot of the [Music] cross. He was standing near your mother. They were so close. They could hear you sighing all around them. Angry voices pierced the darkness as you were dying. But they would not leave. They lingered there no matter the cost. They were staying and they were praying at the foot of the [Music] cross. Keep me near the cross. Near the cross. May I never stray so far that I cannot see what flow down for me at the foot of the cross. Now I'm standing in your presence and I cannot take my eyes from you. You have risen. I'm forgiven. Precious Savior. Oh, I worship you. I'm not looking back. I've heard your voice. I'm staying here. I've made my choice. Now it's real. Now I kneel at the foot of the cross. Keep me near the cross. near the cross. May I never stray so far that I cannot see what flow down for me at the foot of the cross. Keep me near the cross. Jesus near the cross. May I never stray so far that I cannot see what flowed down for me at the foot of the cross. Oh, what a [Music] savior. Isn't he wonderful? Sing hallelujah. Christ is risen. Bow down before him for he is Lord of all. Sing hallelu. Christ is risen. Oh, what a [Music] savior. Isn't he wonderful? Sing hallelujah. Christ is risen. Bow down before him. For he is Lord of all. Oh, sing hallelujah. Christ is risen. Oh, sing hallelu. Christ is risen. [Music] [Applause] Wonderful. Thank you. Let's sing Old Rugged Cross on a hill far away. [Music] And then once we're done as a sister now, I'll have you come up and get ready. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, the emblem of suffering and shame. [Music] And I love that old cross with the dearest and best for a world of lost sinners. [Music] So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies. [Music] lay down. I will cling to the old rug cross and exchange it someday for a crown. In the old rugged cross stained with blood so divine a [Music] wonder for the dear lamb of God. He left his glory above to bear it to dark calary. Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down. And I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a cr to the old rugged cross and to the old rugged cross I will ever be true. its shame and reproach gladly there bear. Then he'll call me someday to my home far away where is glory forever I'll share. So I'll cherish the old rug it comes. Oh, till my trophies at last I lay down. And I will cling to the old rocked cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Thank you sister. your only son. No sin to hide. But you have sent him from your side to walk upon this guilty sod and to become the lamb of God. Your gift of love they crucified. They laughed and scorned him as he died. The humble king they named a fraud. They sacrificed the lamb of God. Oh lamb of God. Sweet lamb of God. I love the holy lamb of God. Oh me in his precious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. I was so lost. I should have died. But you have brought me to your side to be led by your staff and rod and to be called the lamb of God. Oh lamb of God, sweet lamb of God. I love the holy lamb of God. Oh, wash me in his precious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. Oh, me in his precious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. Thank you very much. I've been enjoying the specials lately. They've been so good. We've been getting more. So, the rest of you who haven't sung yet, start getting some ideas. Would you all stand with me? We're going to sing on the wings of a snow white dove as brother Daniel comes. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Verse one. Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable home in a manger of [Music] hell. [Music] Rejected but not from above. God gave us his sign on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of a [Music] dove. Beautiful singing tonight. Let's pray. Father, if we only truly knew. Lord, you give us a little taste. Father, we want to know you and the power of your resurrection, in the glory, Lord, of of your being. Thank you, Father, for preserving your word to us that we might get a glimpse of the greatness of God. Thank you for your son Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins as as these songs that were sung tell us. Father, we thank you Lord. Now as I open up your word, I pray that your anointing would be on it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Thank you. really nice job, Sister Sarah and Sister Naomi. Perfect, perfect songs just for this week. And uh, Brother Josiah, he um, he sang that. Brother Michael, I want to tell you something, Brother Josiah, when he sang that song um, on the wings of a snow white dove. First time I never grew up in church. First time I ever I'm sorry, not on the wings of a snow white dove, the old rugged cross. First time I ever heard that song. As I said, I never grew up in church, but it was your sister Sherry that sang that song in church. And it was that song that she used to sing. And u also uh when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. So um and when you don't grow up in church, these you just seems like you appreciate the things that you didn't have growing up even more. And the music I uh Brother Manny I appreciate it so much. I know you do too. Really speaks to me these songs. Sister Sarah was singing that Easter song at the foot of the cross. And there weren't very many people that were at the foot of the cross. There was believe it was three women named Mary. Mary the mother of Jesus, another Mary and and Mary Mary Magdalene that were there. And I believe John the Apostle was there. I we have the opportunity now to kneel at that cross all the time. And I look back in that day and I probably would not have been one of those ones, one of those special ones that knelt down at the cross. But I'm I'm thankful for the ones that did. And and I'm also thankful for the ones that that learned and that have brought this gospel to us. Even though they they may not not have been there. They may have been afraid, but now we have their words forever preserved in this this glorious book. Know what it is about Easter, but it just it really gets to me. I think about everything that's happened during this week and I I I try to relive it every day. I'll uh our lesson tonight, we're on our Bible study and I'll uh I'll go through the the days that led up to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. And as I'm going through each day, I'll go through the first three days. I'll read scriptures and then I will I'll go through quickly through the rest. But as I'm as I'm speaking, think about the event that was most pivotal in this time in this week and think about what you think. There's not going to be a right answer obviously for this, but think about what event that led up to the crucifixion of Jesus. Think about what was the most pivotal and what had the most gravity. what had the most far-reaching effects? Of course, not the the death and the resurrection, but what led up to that day? And then I'd like to hear, we're in a Bible study, so it's more more informal. So, I'd like to hear what you all think is would be that most pivotal time. Hopefully, we will get to that point. I think we will. Day one was uh it was we call it Holy Week. this day that Jesus came in to the city of Jerusalem riding on this donkey. It's called Palm Sunday. What a what a day that was. And I'm sure the disciples as Jesus was coming in, the disciples were probably saying, "Finally, finally, he is going to be crowned king of Israel. He has been prophesied to come. We know this is the Messiah. finally this is going to be the day. And as he as he came in and everyone was waving the palm leaves and and he was riding in and they were singing hosana to the king. I can only imagine how those disciples just felt vindicated. They just felt good. Let's turn to Matthew chapter 21. We'll start with verse verse one and we'll read about that. It's uh Matthew chapter 21, Mark 11, Luke chapter 19, and John 12 all tell the story of Palm Sunday. Matthew chapter 21 verse one. And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Beth Paji unto the Mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples, saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway you shall find an ass tied and a colt with her. loose them and bring them unto me. And if any man say unto you, if any man say ought unto you, you shall say, the Lord hath need of them, and straightway he will send, he will send them. All this was done that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, Tell ye the daughter of Zion, behold, the king cometh unto thee meek and sitting upon an ass, the cult a and a colt, the full of an ass. It's quoting two different scriptures. Isaiah chapter 62:1, it's saying that this is fulfilling as Jesus rides in to to the uh to the city of Jerusalem. It's fulfilling these two two scriptures. Isaiah 62:11, Zechariah 9:9. I read I'll read Isaiah 62:11. Behold, the Lord hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh. Behold, his reward is with him and his work before him. The first part of him writing in behold the daughter the say to the daughter of Zion, behold thy salvation cometh. Now Zechariah chapter 9 verse9 says this rejoice greatly oh daughter of Zion. Zechariah 9:9, "Behold, the king cometh unto thee. He is just, and having salvation, lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon the colt, a cult, the f of an ass." So these two scriptures together are fulfilled as Jesus is is riding into the city. One thing that I always I always kind of wondered but I never dove into it is why does it say a donkey and the cult of a donkey? You notice it says that. Has anybody ever wondered about that or or just you just kind of read over it? Well, remember he was supposed to ride into the city on a donkey that had never been ridden on before. So here we have a donkey and then we have the donkey's baby and it was two donkeys. So the the brothers that went in, they went and they got they brought both of them back and Jesus rides on the younger one, the one that had never been ridden on before as he comes into the city. It's Bible study. We can learn things like that. Verse number six, Matthew. Back to Matthew. And the disciples, Matthew uh 21:6, and the disciples went and did as Jesus commanded them, and brought the ass and the colt, and put them put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon. And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees, and straw them in the way. And the multitude that went before and that followed cried, saying, "Hosana to the son of David. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest. We sing a couple different songs with that title. Hosana. Hosana is I'll read it. Says hosana is a lurggical word used in both Judaism and Christianity. In Judaism, it's an appeal for divine help. While in Christianity, it serves as a cry of praise. The term is derived from the Greek word I I can't pronounce it which is believed to be a transliteration of two Hebrew words. All right, brother Lyall. Two Hebrew words. Yasha meaning to save or to deliver and anna ana meaning to please meaning please. I beseech. So it defines hosana as a powerful and ancient expression of praise and adoration in Christian worship originating from the Hebrew um Hebrew. Its meaning has evolved from a plea evolved from a plea for salvation. Save us we pray to a joyful declaration of salvation and deliverance. And really I believe right there is when we see the fulfillment of that word hosana. And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, "Who is this?" And the multitude said, "This is Jesus, the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee." And they also said, the priest said, "Hey, they're all saying all of this about you, Jesus. Tell them to be quiet. You know, you're causing a big uproar in the city." and they're calling you these these great things, tell them to be quiet. And Jesus says, "If they be quiet, the stones will cry out." That's what happened on day one, Palm Sunday. On day two and Monday, Jesus enters the temple, drives out the merchants and the money changers, declaring, "My house will be called the house of prayer, and you have made it a den of thieves." Markap 11 verse1 15 Mark 11:15 says this and they ca and they come to Jerusalem and Jesus went into the temple and began to cast them out that sold and bought in the temple and overthrew the tables of the money changers and the seats of them that sold doves and would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple. And he taught, saying unto them, "Is it is it not written, my house shall be called a called of all nations, the house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves?" Jesus goes in and can you can you imagine if you are a priest and Jesus walks in violently flipping over the tables binding up cords and start whipping them away you know tearing up all the cages with all the animals. These are animals for holy sacrifice. They're doves. They're lambs. their the animals that they that they are supposed to sacrifice for their own sins. And Jesus comes in and he sees all the money on the on the tables and he sees wow this is church has become now a business and it's all about money tearing everything up and and flipping it over. Imagine what the priests thought. Imagine what the disciples thought like whoa. They stood back. There's a if you've ever read the book Prince of the House of David, it's a beautiful um kind of drama of of what happens when Jesus comes in and and the girl Adena, she's over a long way away and she hears all this ruckus and people screaming and all this things these things being thrown around and they go and it's the young prophet Jesus of Nazareth tearing everything up. He had just come. As he was on his way, he was hungry. Hungry. Walks by a fig tree. It's a springtime. Figs don't bear fruit in the spring. Jesus comes up to the the fig tree and he looks and there's no figs on it to eat and he curses it. The next day, fig tree's withered, dying. After he curses it, he goes in, turns the money the money changers tables over and and that. On day three, Jesus teaches in the temple. This is Tuesday, yesterday. Jesus teaches in the temple. He spends the whole day and he's teaching in parables and he's answering questions and he's warning about the hypocrisies of the religious leaders. And he's tell and he's he also he speaks about the end time and he speaks about his second coming. He tells the parable some of the parables that we've gone through over the past few months. He ter tell tells the parable of the wheat and the tears how they should let them grow together. Famous story happens on this day when the Pharisees they try to trap him in paying taxes. He tells them he says pull out pull out a coin. We have a soul in our in in ourselves. He says yeah pay your taxes. Abide by the laws, but more importantly, give your soul to God. Money is earthly, so pay your taxes, but your soul belongs to God. The widow comes to the temple and she Jesus is watching her and others are watching her. They see people coming in and there's the box there and they're they're putting their their offerings in the box and the rich people are coming in and they're flipping out the $100 bills and they're dropping them in. And here comes the little widow lady and she digs in her what we would call her purse and she pulls out two coins and she puts them in the box. And Jesus says points it out and says, "Who gave more? Did the widow or did all of these people that were putting in those hundreds and putting in all those money, all that money? He said the widow gave more because she gave a higher percentage of what she owned. She gave a a bigger portion of what she had. He said she's the one that gave more. All of these rich people, it's nothing for them to throw hundreds in there. But for this little widow to give what she had, she is the one that is more blessed. Even though the the trustees might say, "Oh, we didn't get much in the offering today." Those two coins that that widow gave were far more as I said than those hundreds. He prophesies about nation rising in against nation. And and he he he warns as he has warned so many times about false prophets arising and deceiving many. And there should be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars and on the earth and distress of nations with perplexity in the sea and the waves roaring and men's men's hearts failing them from fear and expectation of those things which are coming to the earth. For the power of the heavens will be shaken. Then they will see the son of man coming in a cloud with glory and with power and great glory. Now when these things begin to happen, look up. Lift up your heads because your redemption is drawing nigh. Your redemption is near. Said that on this this day, this Tuesday, he tells the people the parable of the fig tree. When you see the flowers starting to form on the on the branches, then you know that summer is coming. He tells the parable of the 10 virgins where five were ready for the coming of the Lord and the other five were lazy and didn't prepare. They weren't ready for the bridegroom to come. He tells the parable of the talents of the bags of gold where he had three servants. Five, he gave five bags of gold to one. He gave two to another and he gave one bag to the last one. The man with five bags of gold or silver, what whatever the valuable was it, he doubled his. The one that was given two, he doubled his. But the one that was only given one, the man was afraid and he dug a hole and he buried it. He's lazy. When the master comes back, he was pleased with the with the one that had that was given five bags because he had doubled it. He was pleased with the one that was given two bags because he had doubled it. But the one that only had one bag that buried it and didn't get didn't receive even interest. He was upset and he says you could have le at least earned something with my money. And the man was cast into outer darkness. A parable. He makes many famous statements that day. Hey, he even says, "Heaven and earth will pass away. My word will never pass away." One of the things he said on that Tuesday, all the sermons that are preached all these 2,000 years from all of these parables and all those things that I had just just talked about, he said it all. The Lord said all of these things in one day. This is when the Pharisees began their plan of attack against Jesus. yesterday, Monday, he turned everything upside down, throwing the money everywhere and disrespecting their way of selling, disrespecting their way of worship. So they they was that was the last straw. He comes in, this triumphant king, who does he think he is? And then he comes in and he turns over all of our stuff and messes everything up. Who does this guy think he is? We have got to put this guy away. And they started on their plans. And on Wednesday, the priests were devising against him. There's not much written about Wednesday. This is the day that the woman comes in. This woman from Bethany and she has compassion on the Lord. She comes down in and she falls down on his feet at at his feet. She begins weeping. She anoints him with this sweet smelling oil. And as her tears wash his feet, she washes them with her hair. That's that's Wednesday. Thursday, Peter and John were sent to prepare the Passover meal. After sunset, he eats the meal with his 12 disciples, washes the disciples feet. Judas departs, goes to betray betray, meets with the priests. The Lord's supper is instituted. What we did a couple weeks ago, he said, "Do this in remembrance of me." Judas betrays him, goes to the Sanhedrin, the to the he goes to the the house of the high priest. And then on Friday, then on Thursday night, Jesus walks his disciples down the the mountain and he gets to the Garden of Gethsemane on Thursday night. He goes into the garden and he prays, tears coming out and and and the water coming coming out and mixing with blood or or the blood and the water, it's separated. and he's praying and he's he's saying,"Lord, if there would be some way, let this cup pass from me." He knew what was coming. He didn't want to do it. There in that dark night in that garden, he wanted somebody to help him out. He wanted somebody to pray with him. And he sets the disciples here. He says, "Just pray." And the disciples are there and they're tired. It's been a long week, man. all the stuff going on with the with Palm Sunday and then everything that with him turning over the the the tables and and all of this going on. It's like, boy, I I I just need some rest. And they are there sleeping. And here is Jesus and he says, couldn't you just stay awake for a little while? Then he wakes him up. He says, "They're coming Thursday night. They show up. Judas leading them. He walks up to Jesus and tells the tells the soldiers. He says, "The one that I kiss is the one that you should take." He walks up to Jesus and kisses him on the cheek and he says, "Friend, you betray me with a kiss." They come in. There's a a bit of a skirmish. The disciples get afraid. The disciples all run away. They take Jesus that night. They bring him to the house of this of the high priest. And there the first court trial happens. Peter betrays Jesus that Thursday night. And on Friday, early in the morning, the first trial happens before Annis, the high priest. And it's still it's still it's just past midnight. He's looking, Annis is looking for an accusation and he's biting time to all the Sanhadrin gets together and they're they're trying to get people to witness against this man, Jesus Christ, these false witnesses. Then there's a second trial before the Sanhedrin and Jesus is condemned. He's slapped, beaten. Third trial. Immediately at dawn, Peter denies Jesus the third time as the rooster crows. Condemnation is just repeated of of Jesus. And then he's taken to the Romans. And the fourth trial begins before Pilate. And then the fifth trial, Pilate takes him to Herod. Another another trial takes place. Herod says, "Oh, don't you have any miracles? I want to see a miracle. Jesus just stays quiet. In the sixth trial again before Pilate and this is the end, last one. Jesus is scorged. He's beaten the city. Pilate brings him out in front of all of the mob. And Pilate even says, "What has he done? And he says the he says I will it's your custom I'll release to you a prisoner. He puts up the very worst that he could put knowing that they would choose this Jesus because he had never done anything wrong. They just hated him and Pilate could see that. So he puts the two there and they cry out, "Give us Barabbus the murderer. Let him go and crucify Jesus. Pilate goes back and he's he knows they're innocent. The night before, Pilate's wife, his own wife, said, "Have nothing to do with this man because I was warned in a dream." Pilate goes back and he says, "I'm clean of this. This is your choice." They said, "Let his blood be upon us and upon our children." Pilate goes back and he washes his hands and he says, "I'm clean of this. still early on Friday morning. They take him to the cross about 9:00 in the morning. They crucify him. Jesus carries his cross through the city of Jerusalem. Simon the Sirene is told to help him. They carry the cross up. They put him up on Golgtha at about 9:00 in the morning. Time goes down. Jesus dies about 3:00 in the afternoon. That night, Joseph of Arythea, Nicodemus, they ask for Jesus's body. Pilate gives him the body. They take it, put him, put Jesus in a grave that had never been used before. It was Joseph's rich the rich man in his own grave. Jesus is put in the grave on Saturday on uh on Friday evening and then he lays there all day Saturday. Pilate on on Saturday, Pilate puts a guard in front of the tomb. And you can only imagine what the disciples were going through at that time. everything that they had thought that this man was. They started questioning. He couldn't have died such a shameful death if he was the Messiah. He had the power to heal all of these people. Yet, he didn't have the power to save himself. Maybe we were wrong. He was a prophet, but maybe we were wrong about this man. Saturday, you can imagine that was probably the longest day in history. Sunday morning, Mary Magdalene, God bless her loyal heart. Brother Law was telling me earlier um last week about how Mary was up before daylight and walking through the city by the light of the moon going to the grave and just as the sun was coming up Mary was a witness Jesus had risen from the grave. So those are the events of this week. What do you think? What's the most pivotal thing to you? There's no right answer to you. What means the most that happened this week? What do you think had the most um had the had had the most effect in all of these things that had happened from Sunday all the way to Sunday? Of course, not the death and resurrection. Anybody? Josiah, what do you think? I don't know. I thought about that too. I assume that he was talking about what was about to happen. And the the Jews were about to go through a very very hard time. And I mean, they had just said, "Let his blood be upon us and upon our children." And Jesus tells him, "Don't wait for me. Wait for your children." What else? What is a What was another one, Brother Joe? What do you think? What really struck you about the past week? Yeah. Like like Peter just running and and and losing his testimony so quickly and Jesus even he was only on the cross for very long. It even surprised I mean physically we're fragile. We um by the grace of God uh Klehano is doing well. Um, I just sent out a report. He had his but he had his uh his leg amputated and it was just it was it was from an ATV accident year a few years ago and he didn't know when he woke up that morning how fragile he really was. And all of us we we have to be so careful because we are we don't know we don't know what tomorrow holds. Someone else. So, brother Aaron said that that's a good one. That's a very good one. But Aaron said when he was praying at the Garden of Gethsemane and he was a man and he was crying out and he sword said, "Lord, if this cup could pass from me, Lord, let it be done." But then he said, "But nevertheless, thy will be done." And imagine if he wouldn't have said that. There would be no hope of salvation for us. But he put us above even himself. Sister Sharon. Yeah, it was in the temple. Sure. It was it was torn from top to bottom. That veil was huge. It was thick and it was torn from top to bottom because that's what hid the secret mercy seat that only the priest could go and see once of ye once a year. And God took the the veil and he ripped it from top to bottom. And it and it was a symbol saying now anyone can come to me by the blood of my son Jesus Christ. That veil was torn into Sister Sharon. I could I could start a sermon on that right now. Someone else. Brother Ed. Brother Ed said that the most impactful for him was when Jesus was dying on the cross and he said it is finished. And he wasn't just talking about his life. He was talking about this whole plan of salvation. How beautiful. There he is and he is about to die. He said, "I can lay down my life and I can take it back up again." And he is up there and he says, "Okay, now it is finished." And then he gave up the ghost. Brother Ed, that is beautiful. Never thought about it like that. It wasn't just finished his life. All of our sins were finished right there. Praise God. I'm loving this. Somebody else, Brother Jordan. when he did not answer. Brother Jordan said that when he didn't answer when these false accusers came came and accused him and he did not answer a word, he didn't even give witness of himself. Even when they said, "Are you the king of Israel?" He says, "You say I am." And he was. He was the Messiah. But he says, "You say it." Didn't even give witness of himself. That humble man. Pilate wanted him to. Pilate wanted to release him. Herod wanted to see a miracle. He had the power to to let him go. And he's he said, 'Oh, do a trick for me. Show me all these miracles I couldn't I just been wanting to see. I couldn't wait. I want to see some of these miracles. Show me one. I'll let you go. Didn't give him the time of day. Someone else. Sister Martha. Sister Sister Martha said, "When the earthquake came, not only did the veil get torn, like Sister Sharon said, but the dead raised and came out of the graves." I was thinking about that yesterday. And the people recognized them. They were walking around. I wish I I wish I knew. What does that mean? That the people recognize him. It's like, "Oh, Moses, was it really like that?" But they came out and they walked. That power of Jesus Christ, the power of the blood of Christ, those men that had been dead for some of them probably a thousand years or more came out of the grave on that day. Tremendous. Someone else, Sister Sarah Jesus says he set his face to Jerusalem. So he knew he was going. But we see the battle of his mind in heity where that moment of surrender was there. And then when they came, he was like, "Okay, now I'm going." And from then on, it was he didn't open his mouth. He didn't argue. It was that moment in the garden of surrender. And that's the part that speaks to me today because we have to do the same thing. And he was our ultimate role model. He's the one that we pattern after. And he showed us there sometimes the are not the thing that you're doing the sacrifice but it's actually the will that's laid down for me is so important so that sister Sarah said that when he laid down his life we talked about on the cross she said he really laid down his life the first time at Gethsemane where he said not not my will, but thy will. And that was Jesus's surrender. And then everything else followed after that. That was the battle that was in the mind of the man, Jesus Christ. Remember, he was God made flesh. Don't forget the flesh part. The flesh part is the part that has thoughts that come into your mind. the doubts come in, the desires come in. He knew how it was. He was a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. So, he had a battle that night, a a battle that maybe had never been fought before. It was so powerful. And he overcame that night. And that's when we finally make that decision. Lord, I want to serve you. I I'm all in. That's when things change and then later on we see the power of God manifested. Amen. Someone else sister Millia but I was also thinking about Judas mother to Jesus. Only a mother. Sister Ameilia is a mother. A mother thinks on those things. This man did this to my son. This man betrayed my son. this man went and lied about my son. And he did. Judas left that night and went and sold Jesus Christ, the Messiah, to his death. And Mary praying for her son, loving her son, walking down the street, watching her son who was beaten and bloodied and and dripping with blood carry trying to carry this cross. He couldn't even hold it up himself. How does mom feel? That was her little boy. She nursed him as a baby. She raised him. How do you think mom would feel? One more. Yeah. Is he? Yeah. showing them house. Yeah. I mean, as he was saying that the the situation that really struck her was when Jesus was turning over the money change money changers table and he came in and and he greeted him with anger, but it showed her how we should respect the house of the Lord and and reverence what we're doing. And I would like to add to what you say that Jesus is our savior. Jesus is our friend. Jesus is the one that has taken our sins upon him. But if we don't give our lives to him, one day he will be our judge. Remember the parable about the the talents and being cast into outer darkness. Jesus will judge and there will be justice for those that do not accept that blood. Is he? It's the most important thing. my you want to hear mine even if you don't I'm gonna say it. Um the uh to me I think the most pivotal day was Wednesday today. Not much is said about that. But let me read what happened. Matthew chapter 26 verse 6. Now when Jesus was in Bethany, the house of Simon the leper, there came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head as he sat at me, as he sat at at dinner. Um, I'll be I'll be right back. I need to take a break for a second. I'm just kidding. I'll be right back. this uh brother Paul Murray, brother Paul's here. He gave me this. It's uh it's anointing oil, but I'd like everybody to just take a smell of it and pass it around. But it's a it's it's a very strong smell. And uh let me let me explain here. I have a few minutes. Let me explain. A lot of people think that this is Mary Magdalene that an anointed Jesus. And and and there's actually it's it's not a definitive answer. There's scholars that say it was Mary Magdalene. Other scholars say it wasn't. But brother Jordan, if or uh whoever's in charge of the video, could you put up the big map of Israel and see um where is the laser? So it says, and I'll read it. It says that that this woman that came in, she was from Bethany. And you see Bethany, Jerusalem is right here. You can see Beth Bethany is right here by Bethlehem. It's it's very close to Jerusalem. Mary Magdalene, she shows up in Galilee. Galilee is way up here. And you see this Sea of Galilee here by the uh the city of Capernium where Jesus's ministry started. Way up way up there where Peter was from, there is a town called Magdala. So when you say Mary Magdalene, you're they are saying that this is Mary from Magdala, right? And she was probably from this area right here because that's where you see Mary Magdalene show up. Mary of Bethany is down here by Jerusalem. So when it when we we talk about this Mary of Bethany, she was the sister of Martha and the sister of Jesus's good buddy Lazarus. So I I believe that this Mary that is going to anoint Jesus here is not Mary Magdalene but is actually Mary the sister of Martha. Now when Jesus was in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, there came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment and poured it on his head as he sat at meat. So you can smell that that anointing oil that's going around. It was a really strong smell. But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation saying, "To what purpose is this waste?" when his disciples, it was Judas that said that to what purpose is this waste? For this ointment might have been sold for much and given to the poor. John chapter 12, you can stay here. John chapter 12 says this. Then saith one of his telling the same story. Then saith one of his disciples, Judas is carrot is carrot. Simon's son which should betray him. Why was not this ointment sold for 300 p and given to the poor? This he said not that he cared for the poor. This is John writing. John knew him. This he this he said not that he cared for the poor but because he was a thief and had to bag and bear what was put there in back to Matthew. And when Jesus understood it, he said unto them, why trouble ye the woman? For she hath wrought a good work upon me. To me, that's a key. She's done something good for me. For ye have for ye have the poor always with you, but me you have not always. As they were going down in the book of John, as they were walking down from Jerusalem to um to the garden of Gethsemane, Jesus is telling them, he's saying, "I am going to leave." He's saying, "I am leaving, but it's good that I leave because I'm going to re because the the comforter will come after me." But he was warning them that I am leaving. And here he says it right here. He says that that she's done something good for me because the poor you'll always have with you. It's good to do good for the poor. It's good to buy them clothes. It's good to give them a handout or whatever. But they're going to get hungry again. It really doesn't do a whole lot to help the poor. It's good and we should do it, but Jesus is like, "You're always going to have the poor, but me, I'm leaving. For ye have for for have for ye have the poor always with you, but me, you have not always. For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial." Not knowing what she was doing, she felt compelled to do something for this man, Jesus. For she for for in that I'll read it again. For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body. She did it for my burial. She didn't know what she was doing. Jesus was about to die. the next two days later, less than two days later, he was going to be dead on the cross. And he's saying that she's doing this and he wasn't going he didn't even get to be anointed. It was right at the Passover. They had to get him in the grave. And two men went down and and did it. That's why Mary Magdalene and they were coming later on to anoint him with the o with the oil. He says, "But she's doing it for me. I'm going to get anointed. Verily I say unto you, whosoever this gospel, whosoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also of this that this woman hath done be told for a memorial to her. Think about all the great people in the Bible. How Shamgar saved the Hebrews from the invading Philistines. great stories. How Samson killed a thousand Philistines with a jawbone of a of a donkey. How Gideon led like 300 soldiers in a battle against overwhelming odds and won. How the woman named Jail in the book of Judges. How she drove the tent stake through the head of the of the runaway king. These great stories. How Hannah cried at the altar for the Lord to give her a baby and then God heard her and gave her this great prophet Samuel. in the New Testament, how Peter and John healed the lame man at the gate called beautiful. All of these wonderful memorials that read, how Peter discerned the thoughts of Ananas and Safh. How Peter preached the day of Pentecost and thousands came to the Lord. How Paul cast out a demon of the witch, the woman that was possessed by the by the demon that was following him. How Paul was bitten by a poisonous snake and he threw it into the fire like nothing happened. How many times do we remember all of these great things that happened as a memorial? We preach on them all the time. But this woman that anointed Jesus with the oil, all those other ones that I mentioned and everybody else, who actually did something for Jesus himself, who actually had the honor of doing something for the son of God, giving him a little gift, giving him a little help. This ointment, it says how much it was, is probably pushing a year's salary, maybe. She spent all of this money. And you and I might be like, well, why is she spending this money like Judas was? But the one chance that someone got to do something for Jesus in the flesh and she did it. I don't know anyone that can compare to her. And he says that she'll this will be told for memorial to her for generations to come. And we're doing it right now. Fulfilling scripture. Whoever Peter, Paul, James, all of them, whoever actually did something for Jesus, he did he he did it for all of us. He he died on the cross for us. He heals our sickness. He does he does things all the time for us. But this woman actually got to do something for him. No wonder she spent so much money. That was her chance. Now she's immortalized as one of the few people that has ever actually done something for the son of God. We can today Jesus said, "If you want to do something for me, do it for my disciples. Do it for my children." But he was in the flesh then and she got to do it. then one of the 12. So she does this. Judas sees it. Here's the pivotal thing to me. Judas is watching. He sees her come in with this alabaster box that was probably $10,000 maybe in our money or more. She comes in with this. She breaks it. Nobody had washed his feet. Nobody had welcomed him. She breaks it and she puts this priceless ointment on his head and anoints him. And Jesus made him feel good. Helped him. Maybe the sun was was maybe he was sunburned. Maybe maybe he was tired. But it helped him and she got to do it. Judas was watching and it got to him. Things changed right there. He couldn't handle it anymore. What a waste. We could take all of that money and we could use it for something else. And John's like, "No, no, no. This guy's a crook anyways." But he said it. He thought it in his in his heart. Then one of the 12 called Judas his carrot went to the chief priests that put him over the top and said unto them, "What will you give me and I will deliver him unto you?" And they covenanted with him for 30 pieces of silver. And from that time he sought to he sought the opportunity to betray Jesus. All because this lady Mary, boy, she was she was great. She did it. And G and Judas resented it. And that's what turned his mind. And then he went after Jesus. And it ends up I told the story earlier. God bless you. If uh musicians would come and we'll close. So during this week we have I went through everything tomorrow, Thursday, Garden of Gethsemane and then Friday, Good Friday, Saturday and then the resurrection on Sunday. Think about it this week. Study it. Study the word this week. Put yourself in the position of the disciples. I would love I'll tell you what in this whole story there's one person I would want to be and that was Mary of Bethany. No matter Bible says before she was a sinner she had all kinds of problems in her life but we're still preaching about her and that's not going to change until until we come and go to heaven. Then we'll be able to meet her in person and thank her for her testimony. Thank her for what she did for Jesus. Down from his [Music] glory, everliving story. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a [Music] manger to his own a strangeanger. [Music] A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Verse two, what [Music] condensation bringing us redemption. that in the dead of night, not one faint hope inside. God gracious tender laid aside his [Music] splender. Stooping to ru to win to save my soul. And oh how I love him. How I adore [Music] him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. [Music] The great creator became my [Music] savior and all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him without [Music] Reluctance. Flesh and blood is [Music] substance. He took the form of man revealed aheaden plan. Think of it now. Oh glorious [Music] mystery, the sacrifice of [Music] Calary. And now I know thou art the great I am. Do you love him? Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my [Music] sunshine, my all in all. [Music] The great [Music] creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwelleth in him. [Music] I think Mary was singing that song before Jesus went to the cross. Can you imagine that woman? You know how I love him, how I adore him, spending all of that money on that that oil and bringing it to the son of God. She got to do something. I have more respect for that little lady as much as anyone else in this whole story of the resurrection. And it was such a great act, such a such a great thing that Satan hated it so much. That was when Satan said enough is enough and sent his servant Judas's carrot out to destroy Jesus Christ. It was a pivotal time. Thank you friends for all of the the good input tonight. Boy, I enjoyed that. That was really, really good. Let's all stand. keep praying for Hano. He uh I was at the hospital today with him and I just love that family so much. He's he looks a little different. He's wheeling in on his wheelchair. He gave me a big smile. I looked at him. All of that hair is gone. is just the sweetest kid. He uh came in and we were talking and I really believe the Lord has a work for him to do. I believe the Lord has a work for all of us to do. I really do. And I look at each one each person here and I just it's like, "Oh yeah, the work has a the Lord has a work for him. The Lord has a work for her. The Lord has a He has a work for all of us. None of us are any greater than any of the other other ones. He loves us all and he will use us as much as we will surrender to him. Look at this little lady Mary. She had seen her brother raised from the dead. Jesus even told her that he appreciated her just listening to him when he talked. tells he tells Martha and Mary he says you know Mary Mary's Martha you work hard and you take care of me but she's more right and just listening to my words I think I just the story of this little lady I'll probably preach about it again on Easter morning but um just tremendous that she got to do something for Jesus and look what all that Jesus does for us now he's he's Great brother Josiah. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Our heavenly father, oh dear God, you deserve the glory. Lord, we are so grateful for the testimony of your servant Mary of Bethany. Father, we're grateful we can gather together and worship as the disciples of old did and honor your resurrection. Father, we pray that you'd be with us this week. Lord, bless each one. Father, I pray that Sunday, this resurrection morning, as we come together, if you would tarry that long, Lord, I pray that you would call souls to your kingdom. Father, that it would be a good service, service that would inspire many to give their hearts to Christ. Thank you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] gloryy. All the saints and all the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God. Sing it to him tonight. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. I don't want to quit quite yet. I don't want to I want to pray again. Jesus said he said that they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. He taught us to pray for each other, to lay our hands on one another. So lay your hands on each other. Merily, would you go to Sister Sharon over here? Lay your hands on one another. And David, come on up here. Our brother Aaron here. Thank [Music] you. Just pray for each [Music] [Music] [Music] other. Strong world. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord God, with our hands laid upon each other, Father, we do this because we believe in you. And Lord, I pray that as we pray that as each each person, Lord, would be touched tonight. May we leave better people than we came in. We love you, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Who said it? Praise God. The little kids are saying amen. Brothers and sisters, God bless you. I pray that the Lord will be with you this week. We had a good service tonight. Boy, it's great. Give the Lord a hand. You're dismissed. God bless you. This is my story. This is my [Music] song. Praising my [Music] savior all the day long. This is my story. [Music] This is my [Music] song. Praising my [Music] savior all the day long. Oh blessed [Music] asssurance Jesus is mine. Oh what a foraste of glory divine. [Music] air of [Music] salvation. Oh, purchase of God. Born of his feet, washed in his blood. [Music] Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Oh, I'm praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my [Music] song. Praising my [Music] Savior all the day. One more time. Let me hear you sing it. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my [Music] song. And I'm praising my [Music] Savior all the day long. And I love him. I love him. We
