################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - For He Prayeth Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-10
Title:    For He Prayeth: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RNNS9ps5d0
========================================

Description:
Sunday, August 10, 2025 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans gives the testimony of Saul of Tarsus in Acts 9 and ministers on the real meaning behind prayer. Acts 9, Ephesians 3:14-20.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] What gift of grace? Verse one. What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine I can see. All is mine, yet not I, but through Christ in me. The night is dark, the night is dark, but I am not forsen. For by my side, the Savior, he will stay. Do you believe that I labor on in weakness and rejoiceing for in my need his power is displayed. To this I hold. To this I hold. My shepherd will defend me. Through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh the night has been one. And I shall overcome yet not I but through Christ in me. No fate I dread. I know I am forgi. The future sure the price has been paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon. And he was raised to overthrow the grave. To this I hold. My sin has been defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. Oh the chains are released. I can sing. I am free and not I but through Christ. If would you stand with me and sing the last verse. With every breath, I long to follow Jesus. For he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day and day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. Oh, to this I hope my hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ. To this I hold. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. One more time. yet not I but through Christ in me. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. [Music] I believe we have Sunday school this morning for both classes this week. Older and younger. Anyone in Sunday school can be dismissed now. My troubled soul, key of B flat. We come to worship him this morning. So good to see you here. Happy, ready to sing. Let's sing this song. I feel like we always, some of us always need a reminder. Jesus cares. My troubled soul, why so weighed down? You weren't meant to bear this heavy load. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord cuz Jesus cares. [Music] He cares for you. Let's sing that again. My troubled soul, my troubled soul. Why so weigh down? You weren't meant to bear this heavy. Lord, cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Cuz Jesus cares. He cares for you. Let's sing that. Jesus cares. Jesus cares. He cares for you. and all your worrying won't help you make it through. Cast all your burdens, cast all your burdens upon the Lord and trust again in the promise of his love. I will praise and I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. [Music] Oh, my days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart, my anxious heart. Why so upset? [Music] In troubled times, how you so easily forget to cast all your burdens, cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Cuz Jesus cares. Oh, Jesus cares. [Music] He cares for you. Jesus cares. Oh, Jesus cares. He cares for you. [Music] And all your worrying won't help you make it through. Cast all your burdens, all your burdens upon the Lord and trust again in the promise of his love. Let's praise him this morning. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation, all my days. Oh, let's sing that again. Praise the mighty name. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. Oh, my days are in his faithful hands. Amen. Let's go to K of F. Pour your spirit out on me. You want to feel the Lord move this morning? Not just a feeling, but actually have him move over this building. If we could just make him feel welcome this morning, I believe all things are possible. Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my tri broken places thirsting for your love. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me if I've wandered far away from you. You are all You are all life ever needed. Come Lord, come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Let's sing that again. Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Search us, Lord. Find my triumph, broken places, thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. You are all I've ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Lord, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. If the brothers would come to open in prayer. Let's sing that chorus again. Pour your spirit out on me. fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. [Music] Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Make that your prayer. Lord, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out, brother Arie, if you'd come. Amen. All things are possible to them that believe, even in this service this morning. This one here, too. Okay. Yeah. I like that brother that said, "I believe. Help my unbelief." It's something we can all do. Huh. So, there's a couple praise. Sister Ronnie wants to praise the Lord for healing and thank everyone too for praying. And then um sister she wanted to thank sister Angela too for bringing food to the hospital. She said I can't praise him enough. That's really nice. Yeah. Thankful. Pray without ceasing. It says with thanksgiving. So that's nice to be thankful, isn't it? We have one more. Surely more. I want to praise God for healing my brother-in-law of a body filled with cancer. He had a PET scan on the ETH and they found no cancer. Only one tiny spot of the cancer was left. Praise God. Praise God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Then we have two prayer requests here. Besides all of yours, I'm sure you all have things you're praying for, too. it. Praise for Melissa Thunderberg's dad. His health is failing. This is from Brother Heath Bird. Missy will be traveling to Ohio on Thursday to see him for what will probably be the last time. [Music] Okay. I think you all know Heath. He sits up here in the front kind of close and God knows him. And then Rachel Geta has remember my sister Esther in prayer. She broke a tooth and it is in a lot of pain. Thank you. Also, my daughter Elizabeth requests prayer. She had she had a scratchy throat and congestion and a dental appointment on Tuesday. Pray all will go well. God bless you. Well, that's nice. Elizabeth wanted prayer, isn't it? She asked for prayer. Let's pray then. Lord God, we thank you that you set it up this way. It's almost unbelievable that you've set it up this way, but we ask you to help our unbelief and help us to trust you. And you're the great physician. I've seen so many wonderful answers to prayer and even been surprised, Lord, with your kindness. And I just ask you to help each one here that we won't waste our time or you're you're in a dimension of no time, but just to make the most of our opportunity to pray to you and believe you and trust you and be thankful. In Jesus Christ's name, we thank you. Amen. [Music] Have your seats. We're just going to sing this chorus as they pass the offering. Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Oh hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. Thank you Jesus. Let's sing that. Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus for all you've done Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Yes, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Yes, thank you Jesus. [Music] Amen. A thousand generations falling down in worship. Key of C. We don't have that many here. But there will be a day when every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. We're lucky enough to get to do it here in this life to say Jesus is Lord to proclaim it with all of our hearts. Let's sing this song. Key of G. A thousand generations falling down in worship to sing the song of ages to the lamb. All who've gone and all who've gone before us and all who will believe will sing the song of ages to the lamb. Your name is the highest. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy. [Music] You are lifted high, holy, [Music] holy forever." Verse two. And if you've been forgi and if you've been redeemed, sing the song forever to the man. And if you walk in freedom this morning, if you walk in freedom, and if you bear his name, sing the song forever to the lamb. Oh, he'll sing the song forever. And amen. And the angels cry, "Holy, [Music] all creation cries, holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Hear your people sing. Oh, holy to the King of Kings. Lord, holy, you will always be holy, holy forever. Let's sing. Your name is the highest. Oh, your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. Oh, above all thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Your name oh stands above them all. Let's sing. Your name is the highest. Oh yes. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. Above all thrones. Above all thrones and dominions. all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy, you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. And your people sing. And your people sing. [Music] Holy to the King of Kings. Holy, you will always be holy. Holy forever. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Let's just continue to worship him this morning. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. Yes, you deserve the glory. He deserves the glory this morning. Let's sing that again. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Yes, Jesus. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and angels [Music] And all the saints and angels bow before the throne. Are you part of that number? Oh, and all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing, "Oh, you are worthy of it all. Lord, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the gloryy. Sing that again. You are worthy of it all. Let's stand. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. Lord, you deserve the glory. Day and night, night and day, day and night, day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. [Music] Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense day and night. Oh yes. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, oh day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day. Oh, let's worship him this morning. Oh, you are worthy of it. Oh, hallelujah to the lamb. Praise the Lord. Oh, yes, you are worthy of it. Oh, [Music] for from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. Somebody give him glory this morning. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Applause] Brother Josiah sings that song. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. The book of Revelation and uh I believe I'll get there today. The book of Revelation says that incense that arises up before the throne of God are the prayers of his saints. And that's as we're singing that that is what we are saying. Lord, let this incense arise day and night and night and day. Let your incense arise. Let it always come up. Let our prayers always come up before you, heavenly father. Lord, let this incense arise this morning. Our prayers, Lord, let them come up before you as the incense would rise from the altar of God. Let it come up before you as a sweet smelling savor before God. Lord, hear our prayers, I pray. be with us this morning as father as I continue talking about this great thing that you have given us this great honor that we have of pray bless our service today I pray in Jesus name amen you can be seated I appreciate as always I really appreciate our worship team they do such a beautiful brother Josiah and the gifts that he has and all the musicians and and just bringing this spirit of worship. It's just it's beautiful. Now singing isn't our only form of worship, but it is definitely a form of worship and that's why we sing is to bring these bring these our our prayers and our love to the Lord Jesus. Brother Arie when he brought the the prayer request to us, he said um he says that he he thanks God that we are that God has made a way for us to do this. And and I think his words were we thank you that you set it up this way. I think brother what brother Arie was saying is he's thankful that we are able to pray one for another and that God has ordained us to pray for each other and to bring these requests up before him. You think that if there was just a need, he would just give it to us. But that's not his way. His way is for us to pray one for another. I'll be talking about that in the sermon today. And it's really it's it's a great honor that we have to do this. Want to welcome our visitors with us. God bless you all. It's good to have you. Brother Phillip Johnson, where are you? There you are. Brother Phillip, stand up. You and your family. God bless you. Welcome. And this is Brother Rome's son. I had him stand because brother Philip and I go way back. Um, we used to fellowship and when we were young, young and single and and we had the youth groups around Tucson and I uh always liked Brother Phillip and his family and I always appreciated you. It's it's good to see you again and I'm really glad that the same thing happened to the top of your head that happened to mine. We haven't seen Last time we saw each other. who had hair. That's good. You make me feel good. Thank you. Yeah. God bless you. I'm sorry to tell a joke at both of our expenses, but it's uh it's good. And uh Brother Wayne mentioned, "Where are you, Brother Wayne? I I saw you earlier." Um there you are. Brother Wayne uh said uh when I saw him in the hallway coming in, he said, 'I appreciate what you said last service. And I said, 'What did I say? And he said, you said, "Welcome home." And I believe that. I believe that this should be a place that you feel is like your home. You feel that there's things that that you may want to fix about your home, but it's it's home. And and we're honored that you would say that. And brother Philip, I hope that you feel the same way that this is a place that loves you. And it's it is a place. It's home. And uh welcome also to any other visitors that we have that I didn't recognize. God God bless you all. It's good to have you. I told Daniel to stay up here because my message today will be what we've been talking about the past few weeks, which is about prayer and which is about communion with God. And I wanted Daniel to share. He he showed me a video of a young lady that he has been a friend to for some time now. And this young lady has her life has just turned into has just done just she's turned into a real blessing. And I wanted Daniel to give just the testimony, give a little bit of a background to this young lady and where she is now and his influence on on her life. Right there. &gt;&gt; Good morning everyone. Um, this testimony, it means a lot to me because it it just showed me how powerful God is when we don't think he's doing anything. And it just because in this testimony, I I really didn't do anything. All I did was just be myself. And it it ended up just being a a miracle. But um anyway, so I had this friend I met her when I was around 14 years old and she was she was a cousin to one of my best friends and they're from Quebec, Canada. And um I met her when I was 14 and we became good friends. And um around um she was around 20 years old and she started to stray from the Lord. She started to you know live a worldly life, live a life of sin and uh she was she went to school. She was a nurse surprisingly. I'm friends with more nurses. Um uh and she had just finished nursing school and she was in the worldly standards she was living a good life. She was she just got her dream job in another city. She had a boyfriend who wasn't a Christian, but he had a good job. Um, and she just got an apartment in a city that she was like, "Oh, it's awesome. It was downtown and it was like her dream place to live." But she still felt alone through all those worldly pleasures and everything that she was getting in life. She she felt alone. She felt this void inside her because she she was just living a sinful life. And um so one day there was our friends were getting married and so she came back down to Jeff. I hadn't seen her for I think 3 years at that point and she um she came down and we we met at Starbucks and she was like she's like hey Daniel I'm coming down let's let's go do something. I was like absolutely let's let's go and let's you know hang out and you know just do what we used to do. And so we met at Starbucks and we started talking you know about her life and about everything. And she was telling me, she was like, "I'm doing this wrong. I'm doing this wrong." I'm like, "That's okay." I was like, "That's okay." And she kind of looks at me and she was like, "No, like like I'm sinning." And I was like, I was like, "That's fine." I was like, "That's just more for God to do for you." And she's just And she's just like, she kind of looked at me weird. And we ended up going the whole time. And we just had a good time. And I was just there. And I treated her just like we had always been when we were kids, you know, when we would hang out. I treated her just the same. I didn't treat her any different. And so she when she was on her way home, her and her cousins were talking and she kind of just broke down and she ended up giving her heart to the Lord and she went home and she went and she quit her new job in that new city. She moved her stuff out of her apartment and then she came back home to her parents and then she called me and she said, "Daniel, I want to let you know I just gave my heart to the Lord." And I was just like, "Oh my goodness." It was just it was such a miracle. I was like like like what happened? Like what what crazy miraculous thing happened? She was like nothing. She was like I just felt the love from you and then um two other friends that were there. She was like you guys didn't treat me any different than you used to. She was like all my family, some of my family wouldn't talk to me. She was like it was weird seeing them at the wedding. She was like but you guys I just felt the love of Jesus. And we didn't do anything different. All we did was just treat her the exact same. and treat her like anyone else. And that's the reason she gave her heart to the Lord. And now she's living a Christian life. She's dating a Christian boy. And she's just so happy. The happiness inside of her is just overflowing. It's just it's such a miracle. Amen. [Applause] I get uh when one person when one soul comes to the Lord, entire heavens rejoice. And Daniel was loving to this girl. He prayed for her. And my my subject today is uh about a scripture that has always meant a lot to me when I've prayed and it's always given me faith and that's in Acts chapter nine when the Lord comes to a prophet and he tells this prophet to go to this man named Saul of Tarsus. And his reason for that, God gives a reason. He says because he is praying. And to think that the prayers of this young lady, the prayers of her family and the prayers of my son. To think that these prayers were answered. And not so much that she stopped sinning as Daniel said. Not so much that maybe she would be healed or or would be delivered, but more so that she would have her own relationship with this man, Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And that will solve everything &gt;&gt; if you can just talk to God yourself. That is what prayer is about. And this morning I'd like to read the testimony of this man called Saul of Tarsus. And he was a very very sinful man. We might not, he might not have been sinful in say the worldly way that we often think of sin, but the religious way that Paul that the Apostle Paul, he ended up being the Apostle Paul, Saul of Tarsus, the religious way was just as sinful. &gt;&gt; And this is what this man Saul of Tarsus was. He was a very, very sinful, evil man. and his sins were coming out through his religious beliefs. So there is the sin that we see on the streets that we we see so often, but then there is also a a sin of meanness and a sin of not caring and a sin of malice. The sins that are mo mainly those are mentioned in the Bible, but those are the ones that we ignore so much for the other sins that are more maybe obvious. But the sins that are mentioned the most are the sins that this man Saul was committing. So let's read his testimony and then see what this the most important thing and all of this thing that we call prayer. I believe that this is this will tell us who we are praying to. And that's my subject this morning is who are we praying to? And this man, this man Ananas, this prophet named Ananas came to this man Saul because he was praying. So Acts chapter 9 verse one, I read the uh King James version. And it says this, "And Saul yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest, and desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound into Jerusalem." Very important word, the way. And it says that if any found if he found any of this way, he's talking about what Christianity was called back then is the way. And as he journeyed, he came to he came near to Damascus. And suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven. And he fell to the earth. And he heard a voice saying, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" And he said, "Who art who art thou, Lord?" And the Lord said, 'I am Jesus, whom thou persecutest? It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.' And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do? And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man. And Saul arose from the earth, and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man, but they led him by the hand and brought him to to into Damascus. So he was blind after this experience. And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink. And there was a certain disciple at Damascus named Ananas. And to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananas. And he said, "Behold, I am here, Lord." And the Lord said unto him, "Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and inquire in the house of Judas, for one called Saul of Tarsus, for behold, he prayth." Those words that God spoke to Ananas have been such a comfort to me before that whenever I am praying I may not have the answer to my prayers right away as Saul didn't have the answer to his prayers but they went up and God heard the answer the heard the prayers of this evil man Saul heard his prayers and then used another man to come and answer those prayers. We talk about prayer, as we did a couple weeks ago, being our fellowship with God and how God wants us, he wants to be with us. He wants to talk with us more than we want to talk with him. And then last week we heard about the prayer of Jonah and how it turned God turned one of the worst situations that a man has ever been in being in the belly of the whale in the bottom of the ocean and turned it around and make made his testimony like and a type of none other than Jesus Christ's death burial burial and resurrection. How important friends is our prayer? And now we see this man who hated God's people and he's blind and he's laying in bed and he's not eating and he's not drinking and he's been fasting for these three days and he's seeking God and he's praying and God tells his servant Ananas to go to this man because of that reason because he is praying. back to Ananas and he's talking to Ananas, the Lord is and he says that this man Saul has seen in a vision a man named Ananas coming in and putting his hand on him that he might receive his sight. Then Ananas answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem, and here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name. But the Lord said unto him, "Go thy way, for he is a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the Gentiles and kings and the children of Israel. For I will show him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake." So he's saying, "I'm sending you Ananas because this man is praying and he's already seen a vision that you'll be coming to him." It's amazing how God uses other people to bless other ones. You know, as brother Arie prayed at the beginning, he says, you know, Lord, we're thankful that that you set it up this way. You would think that I would just be able to pray and then God would just answer my prayers and God would just give me what I need. But that's not the way he does things. He uses other He uses each other to help us and he and he and he uses one another to to give us what we need. And it's it doesn't make really it doesn't make sense the way we do things. If Daniel needed say needed 20 bucks, I would he would just ask me and I would give it to him. and me being his father, I wouldn't go to my daughter Meline and say, "Yeah, Daniel needs 20 bucks. Here, Meline, you go give Daniel this this money." No, I would give it directly to him. But that's not how God does. God uses others to give gifts to his church because he really he wants us all working together &gt;&gt; in this great economy of God. He has all of us in our positions and he wants us all working together and by doing that we will all be blessed. And here he has this man Ananas working with this man Paul and Paul needs healing. And it may be that we need a new job or it may be that we need salvation or may we maybe need deliverance or whatever it might be. And then God will send someone else to pray for us and to give us these blessings. It's odd how God does things. And maybe next week, that's not what I want to talk about today very much, but maybe next week that that will be our subject. But this man Paul or Saul, his name was changed to Paul. And I might use it interchangeably on accident, but he was Saul of Tarsus. He gave his heart to the Lord. He was called to the Gentiles. And his name Saul was a Jewish name. And as he went to the Gentiles, he took on the name Paul, which was a gentile name, so he would relate better with the Gentiles. So Ananas went his way and entered into the house, and putting his hands on him, said, "Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight and be filled with the Holy Ghost." Now, it isn't a traditional prayer. He just goes in. He was commissioned. He just goes in and he lays his hands on this man Paul. And then Paul receives his sight. So the prayer here is just to fulfill and that's how it always is. It's just to fulfill what God had already ordained. So when we pray for someone, God has already ordained that they receive what we're praying for. We are just acting in the name of Jesus Christ to do the will of God. And that's what this man Ananas was doing. And he says, "Go to this man because he's praying." And immediately th there fell from Saul's eyes as it had been scales and he received sight for with and arose and was baptized. So, tremendous story and maybe next week I'll get into this. I I want to tell a story about my mother and how the Lord healed her and my brother Adam is going to be coming this week for my grandma's funeral. So, he will be here next Sunday. So, I want to tell that story when Adam is here because Adam witnessed this a tremendous supernatural thing. Stephanie witnessed it. Daniel was there, too. But I'll tell this story about how my mom was healed of cancer through this supernatural thing just as Paul was healed. But then my mom three, four, five years later, whatever it was, died of cancer, even though she was delivered at that time. And she was she was on her deathbed at at the time that this this miracle happened. And then the Lord gave her many more years. And we look at this man Saul and we see that when Ananas came and laid his hands on him, these scales fell off of his eyes. But then he always still struggled with his eyes after that. So we hear so often, it sounds good. You know, you got to be careful about things sounding good. Oh yeah, that sounds right. But praise the Lord, brother. No. When you hear sometimes, well, God, God doesn't do things halfway. He wants to hear you fully. That sounds good, but just make sure what we say lines up with what the Bible says. God is sovereign. He does things his way. &gt;&gt; And this man Paul, he had to have his eyes, so God gave him back his eyes. But he always struggled with that. He he says um one time he says that God has given me a thorn in my flesh. Some people say it was a sickness. Most scholars think that this was because of his eyes. He struggled with his eyes. He couldn't read very well. And he even wrote when he wrote a letter he said you know that this comes from me because the letters are really big &gt;&gt; his he struggled with his eyes after that. So the Lord's willing I will talk about that next week. But the most important thing with this man Ananas coming to him and this most the most important thing about this whole situation with the apostle Paul was not that he received his sight. The most important thing was that he was he spoke to God himself. He spoke to Jesus Christ himself and he had that relationship now between him and God. If we pray for someone and they're healed, praise God. And I believe that God wants us to be healed, but we will get sick again. &gt;&gt; And if the Lord carries, we will eventually die. The same thing if we are delivered say from from nicotine we will struggle with something else and that's how that's that's just how this life is. But if we truly have a relationship with God if we know him then that relationship will always be with us and not just in this life it'll be with us for eternity. That is the true prayer. That is the true meaning behind prayer and that is the ultimate in praying for each other is that we can develop that relationship between us and God. Healing is wonderful. We should pray for healing and God does heal. We've all seen miracles and those miracles will continue. Deliverance is wonderful and we've all seen deliverance. Many of us have been delivered of certain things. These it might be a new job, might be whatever it is. God loves us and he takes care of us. But the main thing when we are praying and you'll see in in Paul's prayer at the end in in Ephesians when we get there the main thing is that we have that relationship with God. That is the main reason be behind prayer. Now Paul has this relationship with God. And when he had received meat he was strengthened. That's King James meat. He's not on the carnivore diet. It's it's food. The modern translation is food. And when you see in the King James it's it says meat it's it's the it's 300 years ago for um for just eating. So so he ate and then Saul certain days was with the disciples were at Damascus. Now watch the change. It's not that he was healed. He was healed and that's the glory. But now Saul of Tarsus is a different person. He had been saved. He had an experience with the Lord Jesus. He was healed and now he knows the greatness of God. And when you truly know the greatness of God, when you truly experience that, the healing or the miracle is minor compared to now what you have. And you'll see I really narrowed it down to two things really happen when you really give your heart to the Lord Jesus and you have that experience with him. Number one, and this is evident in Saul, is that you want to tell everyone about what just happened to you. You want to give your testimony. You want to lead others to the to the same God that you know. You want to share your experience so others will have that same experience. You're excited about it. The Lord just changed me. I met Jesus Christ myself. I want you to know him like I know him. That's why I'm standing here in this pull pit is I have that same desire. I want you to know this Jesus Christ. He's real. I don't want you just to listen to me. I want you to know him. That's the whole purpose behind a church. That's the whole purpose behind Christianity is that we know Christ ourselves. That's the first thing. Once you give your heart to the Lord, it's that you want to tell others. And then second is you want more. &gt;&gt; You're not satisfied with your one-time experience. And that's how the enemy can come in is he can say, "Oh, well, you had an experience when you were 12 years old. You had an experience when you're 18. You had an experience when you're 25. That's good. But what about today? &gt;&gt; Have you had an experience today? &gt;&gt; Have you had an experience this week? You know, I know you can look back and that's good and you can set that typos back then and you might be able to go back to that like I do when I pray. I can go back to that scripture that says that Ananas came to Saul because he was praying. But I want more every day. I got to have more more because the the the Bible talks about about having our cup filled and or the the lamp filled with oil. My vessel is leaky and it's constantly dripping out and I have to constantly have that that vessel filled with the Holy Spirit. It doesn't just get filled once and stay there. No, that vessel is constantly being filled. And Paul, and you'll you'll see is and I'll get into the scriptures a little bit more. Paul wants more and more and more. And he says, "I haven't even attained it yet." He says, "But I'm pressing towards this. I want more all the time." So that's the two things when you really become a Christian, when you really give your heart to the Lord. And when you are filled with the Holy Ghost, now you want to tell everybody else. And now that desire that you had for the Holy Ghost doesn't stop. It actually becomes more, &gt;&gt; more, more. I need more, Lord. I need more. I need an experience today. I got to I got to have I got to have more. I got to have more of you speaking of the law of Moses. Paul said this. I'm going to read the New Living Translation. I just want you to listen to my voice here. This is in the book of Philippians. It says this. Paul says this. He says, "I once thought these things were valuable." He's speaking of the law of Moses. He says, "I once thought these things were valuable, but now I consider them worthless because of what Christ has done." This led what Paul is saying. They're not worthless, but they were going towards a goal. And that was not the goal. The goal is now what Paul received. And he says that I I now consider them worthless of because of what Christ has done. Yes, everything else is worthless when compared with the infinite value of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. For his sake, I have discarded everything else, counting it all as garbage so that I could gain Christ and become one with him. I no longer count on my own righteousness through obeying the law. Rather, I become righteousness. I become righteous through faith in Christ. For God's way of making us right with himself depends on faith. I want to know Christ and experience the mighty power that raised him from the dead. I want to suffer with him, sharing in his death, so that one way or the other, I will experience the resurrection from the dead. The translators put an exclamation point there in Philippians. I don't mean to say that I have already achieved these things or that I have already reached perfection. The Apostle Paul speaking, but I press on to possess that perfection for which Christ Jesus first possessed me. He says, 'N no, dear brothers and sisters, I have not achieved it, but I focus on this one thing, forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead, I press on to reach the end of the race and receive the heavenly prize for which God through Christ Jesus is calling us. The King James version of Philippians chapter 3 says this, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended it." Just what I read. But this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. The main thing he is trying to tell us is that we know the author. We have the promises. We have the word. This word goes towards one thing. And Paul said it is going towards that we know him. Hebrews 12:12 says this, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God." So once we know Christ, then Daniel might need the $20, but the main thing is that he knows his dad. is that he knows the father. And we might need something, friends. And we all need something. All of us. We all have prayers. Lord, help us. Every person in this room has something that God wants them to do for for them. But the main thing is that you know him. The main thing is that you can ask him and then it's up to him how he answers. I might give $20 to my daughter to give to my son. God might use Ananas to come and pray for Paul. It's up to him. But the main thing is that we know Christ as Paul met him on the road to Damascus. The main thing is that we know him. And now Saul of Tarsus had met Jesus Christ. Now watch what happens to his life. And it will happen to us. It'll happen to you if you truly accept Christ too. &gt;&gt; It'll happen to all of us. Number one, we want to tell everybody. &gt;&gt; You don't have to stand in the pulpit and preach, but you need to preach. &gt;&gt; You need to testify. &gt;&gt; And if it really if God really got a hold of you, it is so important. You want to just tell everybody because this joy is overflowing. And friends, there is no sadness in Jesus Christ. There is such hope in him. He loves us and he wants to bless us and we want to tell others about it. And then number two, as I said, we want more and more and more of him. Let's go back to cha Acts chapter 9 verse verse 20. And straightway Paul preached Christ in the synagogues that he is the son of God. This is the man that was just a few just a little while earlier. He was killing trying to kill these people who were of the way, these people who were worshiping Christ. And now here is Paul preaching what all of the other disciples and men and women of God were saying that Jesus is the son of God. That is the mystery of God revealed that this man Jesus Christ fulfilled all of the Old Testament. Book of Leviticus. I used to always just dread when I'd read my Bible cover to cover, I just dread getting to Leviticus because it was all of the offerings and all the sacrifices. And I just didn't understand it until the last time I read my Bible all the way through. I got to Leviticus and I said, "Lord, please help me understand this. Please help me enjoy it because I always just read it to get through it." And from Leviticus 1:1 all the way through the whole book, the Lord showed me that this is all about Jesus. &gt;&gt; This all represents him. And it turned into one of my favorite. Merrily always makes fun of me because I always say, "Oh, this is my favorite chapter. This is my favorite verse." It's what I'm reading. And when I'm in Leviticus, it's my favorite book because I can look at it and see this is Jesus. This this came to pass. &gt;&gt; This was manifested in this man, Jesus Christ. And that's how Paul, he's like, "Wow, the whole Bible was fulfilled in the son of God, Jesus Christ." And that's what that's what it is. And when you truly meet Christ, as Saul of Tarsus did, you realize that you cannot preach anything greater than Christ. There is nothing that greater that we can preach than Jesus. &gt;&gt; We can preach salvation and and it all comes back to Jesus. We can preach healing, but it always come backs to G comes back to Jesus. Everything comes back to this man. I talked about the carnivore diet just now. Um that's the meat. That's the good stuff in the sandwich is Jesus. &gt;&gt; He is He has the nutrients. He has the power. It's all about him. Really, everything everything else is milk. Christ is the main thing. Verse number 21. But all that heard him were amazed and said, "Is not this he that destroyed them which called on his name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?" Isn't this the man that was just against us? But Saul increased more in strength and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ. English Standard Version says, "But Saul increased all the more in strength and confounded the Jews who lived in Damascus by proving that Jesus was the Christ." Amen. That's what he was preaching. And that's what all the disciples were preaching and that's what his disciples are preaching today that this man Jesus Christ is everything and the most important thing is that you commune with him. Romans chapter f chapter 15 verse 13. I just wanted to throw this scripture in there because it means so much to me. I'll read the New King James Version. It says this. Now, may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. When you truly meet God and when you truly understand who you are praying to, there is such hope in your heart. &gt;&gt; It's not just hope. Lord, Lord, I'm in this situation. I need help. you know he can help you. &gt;&gt; But if you really know him, you know he's always there. &gt;&gt; You know he is just a a a a an infinite fountain of life coming up and knowing God is the very meaning of prayer and you you receive that hope. The Lord could deliver you might pray, "Lord, deliver my son from drugs. Deliver my daughter from sin. help me find a husband or help me find a wife or whatever it might be. But if you could just if I could pray, I was talking with Daniel yesterday and I was in my den and I was just I was just kind of emotional just reading these scriptures. And I told Daniel, I said, "Buddy," I said, 'You know, I pray for you that the Lord will give you a good wife like I have, that the Lord will give you joy in your life. I pray for you that the Lord will give you a good career, that the Lord will always give you this fellowship with him and that that that that you really prosper in everything. But then I told Daniel, I said, "But buddy, if I could just pray for one thing in your life," and I had my Bible open there. I said, "Listen to this." And I read Ephesians chapter 3 and listen to this. Skipping all my notes. Listen to this. Ephesians chapter 3. Let's go back, brothers. If you go back to verse 14, I'm sorry I gave him 16, but let's go back a little bit. The Apostle Paul. This is the one I was just talking about. This is the one that got struck down on the road to Damascus. This is the one that was persecuting the people. This is the one that was fasting for three days. This is the one that God sent this man, Ananas, to to pray for him, to lay his hands on him, that the scales might come off of his eyes, that he might receive the Holy Spirit, that he might be baptized. This is the one that that happened to years ago. This is the one that is praying this for the Ephesian church. Now, he is the Apostle Paul. He has he has had an experience. Now, he is the main person. He is setting the stage for Christianity until this day that we live in. He wrote most of the New Testament. He set the doctrines forth. This is why we believe that Jesus Christ is God is because of this man Paul. He was a great man. And listen to his prayer for the Ephesian church. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. &gt;&gt; Now listen to what Paul is asking. Paul had met Jesus Christ. Paul had spoke to him. He had identified himself as God to Paul. Paul has this great experience that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that you being rooted and grounded in love. I talk about love all the time. Paul is saying that you need to be rooted and grounded not in your doctrines. You need to be rooted and grounded not in anything else. He says you need to be rooted and grounded in love. &gt;&gt; That's what God is. &gt;&gt; Not even in our understanding. We are not rooted and grounded in our understanding. We are rooted and grounded. Paul is praying that we would be rooted and grounded in love. I'll read it again. That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. That you being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and the length and depth and height. I can't explain these things in a sermon. We can't explain these things to our children. I can't tie the scriptures together and give an understanding of these things. This is beyond healing. This is beyond deliverance. This is beyond anything that we could ever ask for. He's saying that we would understand God. That we would fully understand what it is to love him. That we would fully understand what it is to have hope in Jesus Christ. That we would fully understand what it is for him to love us. And this is what the apostle is praying. This is what I was telling Daniel yesterday. Buddy, if I could have anything for my son, my beloved son, if I could have anything for my daughter, if I could have anything for the ones for you all that I love so dearly, of course I want your healing. Of course I want your happiness. Of course I want the young people to meet a good spouse. Of course I want those things. And those things are very important. But if I could have anything in the world for my loved ones, it would be what Paul is praying. If you could just know the love of Jesus Christ. If you could just get it &gt;&gt; now unto him that is able. No, I'm sorry. Verse number 19. and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. &gt;&gt; The love of Christ passes all knowledge. And Paul is saying if you could just know this love is beyond everything. It's beyond anything that we could ever ask for. It says, let's go back to and let's read it again. Verse verse number 14, brothers, if you go back there, I just want it to stick. I want you to leave church this morning thinking of this prayer that Paul prayed. And if you could pray this prayer for anyone that you truly love. Of course, we ask for what our immediate needs are, but this is this prayer is just it's everything. It's if we could just understand him. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, &gt;&gt; that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. he could come inside of us that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that you being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all the saints. So it's he's saying that Paul's saying that I want everybody to have this. Not just you Ephesians, not just you Tucson tabernacle, not just my son, not just my wife, not just my daughter, but he Paul is saying I want all of everyone to have this. all of the the saints. I want everyone to have this understanding that that he would grant you that you may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and the length and the depth and the height and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you might be filled with all fullness of God. Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power that works in us. Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages world without end. Amen. Let me read that again again. Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen. &gt;&gt; Friends, this Apostle Paul who was an important man and he knew because he had that experience with God and even he as I've read before even he said I haven't attained it yet. In another place he said I die I die daily. I want more. I want more. I got I got to have more Lord. I I want to and here's Paul and he's telling everybody about it. And then Paul, he lets us see a little bit of himself and he's like, "You know what? I don't have it yet, but I want more." And then when he gets it and he's rejoices, the next day he's like, "I don't have it yet. I want more." &gt;&gt; And then the Lord gives it to him. And then the next day he's like, "You know what? I don't have it yet. I want to keep going. I want to keep going. I want to keep getting closer to God." And then if you would just understand, and he's saying all my little children, he's saying all of my friends and all of everybody, if you could just understand the love of God, if you could just understand how big it is, the dimensions of this this love of God, then believe God's work would be completed in your life. &gt;&gt; And that's with us, friends. That's what prayer is. Prayer is that communion and the musicians can come in closing. Prayer is that communion with God and how much we love him. And if we could just understand the meaning of his love for us, all of the prayers, all of our little needs that we have, they're all tiny. I've given my testimony before. I was just struggling in life a few years ago. And I went up in the mountains and I had all of these things going in my mind about all of these religious differences and all of these questions that I had going on and and I just I was like, Lord, I just need your help. I need to know what you want me to do. Where do you want me? What what what can I do? Where do you want my children? How, Lord? I just I need some help. And I looked up in the sky and I see all of these stars. There's no moon. The the the night was perfectly clear. And I looked up there and I saw the Milky Way and I saw all the different there's reds and blues and I looked at it like, "Oh god." And I felt really small. I felt such a a tiny worthless person. And I looked and the stars, it wasn't just right there. It went all the way to the ground. It's like, "Oh, God." Who am I? I said, "Every one of those is probably bigger than the rock I'm standing on right now, and I have a worry. And I worry about things, and you created every one of them." If I could just know, friends, if we could just know God, if we could just realize how much he loves us, if we could just realize how important we are to him, if we could just realize that, then the prayers will be answered. Yes. But that's not the important thing. when we pray for one another. Lord, give this person, give brother Jonathan the understanding of how much God loves him and how great God is. Lord, give each one, as Paul prayed, he says, not just for you, but for all of the saints that you would just understand this love of God. If we could just do what Paul said, if we could just pray that way, pray that way as a church. And if you have a need, ask him. He'll give it. But the main thing, pray that this person would know God. And then then you don't have to worry. You can pray directly to God. And then that prayer is not dependent on your pastor or priest or mom or dad or anyone else. That prayer is between you and the almighty. And you say, "Lord, I know you love me. I know you're hearing. And you may you may bring somebody else to me. You may let it fall out of the sky. Whatever it is, Lord, I know that you're hearing me. I have put up my prayer as this incense came up before you. I got to read it in closing. I'm over time, but let me just read this. Let's all stand. [Music] Oh, beautiful. Listen to the to the one that we are praying to. Revelation chapter 5 verse 8. Now when he had taken the scroll, the book, the four beasts, the four living creatures, I'll read the New King James version. We're similar. And the 20 and four elders fell down before the land. These are the most powerful people. These 24 elders and these four beasts, these four living creatures, these are ones with great authority and with great power. And they fell down before the Lamb. The same one that we pray to, the same one that loves us. They fell down before the Lamb, each having a harp [Music] and golden vials, golden bowls, as I mentioned earlier, full of odors, full of incense. which are the prayers of the saints. And they sang a new song, said, "You are worthy to take the book and to open the seals. For you were slain and have redeemed us to God by your blood, out of every tribe and tongue and people and nation, and have made us kings and priests to our God, and we shall reign on earth." Then I looked and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne, the living creatures and the elders. And the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands and thousands. Like we talked about the other night, a hundred million angels circling around the throne and they're all singing, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessings in every creature. which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the in the sea, and all that are in them, I heard saying, "Blessing, and honor, and glory, and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever." Then the four living creatures said, "Amen." And the 20 and four elders fell down and worshiped him who lives forever and ever. And they even took off their crowns and they even cast him at his feet. And this is the one that we are praying to. This is the one that Paul said, "I just wish that you had a relationship with him. I just wish that you knew how big his love is for you. I could go on and on, friends. Let's sing. Brother Josiah, [Music] my God is awesome. Verse one. My God is awome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I'm weaken forever he will. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that again. My God is awesome. Sing it to him. &gt;&gt; My God is awome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I walk in. strength where I will be forever he will reign. Let's sing it in the chorus. My God is awome. Yes. Oh, awesome. Awesome. [Music] He's awome. Oh my God. He's awesome. Awome, [Music] awesome, awesome. Verse two, my God is awome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes, I'm healed. Oh my God is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. [Music] [Applause] Oh, he's awome. Yes, he's awome. Oh, awome. Awome. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. Awesome. You are. Let's sing verse two again. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. [Music] By his stripes I am healed. Do you believe that this morning? My God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I live. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Awome. [Music] Awome. Awome. My God is awesome. Awome. Awesome. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's great. He's great. Worship him. He's great. Yes, he's great. Hallelujah. He's great. He's awome. Awesome. He's holy. Sing. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awome. Oh, awome. Oh my God is awome. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes. He is awesome. Awome. Awesome. My God is awome. &gt;&gt; Is he awesome? &gt;&gt; He's great. He's wonderful. He is so good. Can you imagine if we could just know the height and the depth and the the breadth and and everything about his love? Can you imagine if we could just know that? How great would our faith be? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How just Lord, I have a need. I know you know me. I know you love me. I have a need. Here's my need. Lord, my sister, she has a need. I know you love her. Here's her need, Lord. I place it into your hands in the name of your son, Jesus Christ. Can you imagine that faith, that love? If we could just understand that love of as Paul prayed, then our faith would grow and it would just bubble over. Let's bow our heads. Before the throne, there was a sea of glass like crystal. And in the midst of the throne and round about the throne were four living creatures full of eyes in the front and the back. The first living creature was like a lion, and the second was like a calf. The third had the face like a man, and the fourth was like a flying eagle. And the four creatures, each having six wings, were full of eyes around around and within. And they do not rest day or night, saying, "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come." Whenever the living creatures give glory and honor and thanks to him who sits on the throne, who lives forever and ever, the 24 elders fall down before him who sits on the throne. And they worship him who lives forever and ever. And they cast their crowns before the throne, saying, "You are worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for you created all things, and by your will they exist and were created. Lord God, Lord, just to think all that is around your throne right now and these these great beings, Lord, that we might not understand, but they are worshiping you. And Lord, to think that we are sons and daughters, [Music] Lord, to think that you love us and to think that you care, Father. with all of that's going on in heaven right now and to think that you care. You care about me. You care about every person in this room. Lord, you love us and you spoke through your apostle and he prayed that we might understand your love. Lord, give us more understanding. Give us more revelation of you. Father, we pray. Lord, help us through the day. Help us through this life. Father, may your blessings, Lord, rest upon those that are in this room and upon those that are streaming in to this service. May the love of Jesus Christ become more real. Lord, we pray. in Jesus name. Amen. Brother Tim, it's a song called the revelation song. First line is worthy is the lamb who was slain. Yes. There we go. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song. him who sits on heaven's mercy seal magic. Sing that again. Worthy is the lamb. &gt;&gt; Think about him there. &gt;&gt; Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Oh dear God, we worship you. Sing a new song [Music] to him who sits on heaven's mercy se. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Clothe in rainbows of living color. Flashes of lightning walls of thunder. [Music] Blessing and honor, strength and glory and power be to you the only wise king of holy and holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was as it is and is to With all creation I sing praise you to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you filled with wonder. Filled with wonder. [Music] Aruck wonder [Music] at the mention of your name. Hallelujah. Jesus. Yes. Jesus. Your name is power breath and living water. It's such a marvelous mystery. Sing it. Holy. And holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore. Sing it again. Holy Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. &gt;&gt; With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Ah, he's worth our adoration. Oh, and just think the one that we are praying to is the one that really loves us. And Paul was praying, I just wish you could understand his love. So friends, let's continue on in prayer. Tonight, come ready to worship. Tonight at 5:00, we're going to have uh we're going to have some song specials. And uh before we get before we get started tonight, I will answer asked the church to bring some questions in. And we've had some very good questions. One question I think is pertinent to our church and I think it's a very very important question that we understand and I will be answering that question tonight. It's when Jesus says I came to divide. I came to separate. What does that mean? Well, I always talk about unity. I always talk about love. But then he said, "And yet I come to divide And I think it would be very very good for us all to hear. I'll just take about 10 minutes or so on that question and then we'll just sing and we'll worship and we'll just have a good time. So come tonight. It'll be a good service. God bless you brothers and sisters. As we leave, please I I know that we're going to be praying. There's going to be a lot of people praying. So as you leave, pre please exit the sanctuary quietly in respect of those that who would like to stay and pray. And then I hope to see you out in the fellowship hall, brother Phillip. So good to see you, bro. I hope to hope to see you out there. It's good to see all of you. God bless you all. And you're dismissed in the name of the Lord Jesus. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Oh Lord, to receive glory, glory and honor, glory, and on honor and power for thou has created Ask all things created. Thou hast created all things [Music] and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Yes, Lord. Thou art worthy. [Music] Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. [Music] to receive glory, glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou has created as all things created. Thou hast created all things [Applause] [Music] and for the nation. They are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. &gt;&gt; One more time as an anthem. &gt;&gt; Oh, thou are worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. Glory and honor. Glory and love and power. Oh, sure. Thou hast created past all things create. Thou has created all things and for thy presence they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord.
