################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - Approaching the Scriptures (1 and 2 Timothy) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-13
Title:    Approaching the Scriptures (1 and 2 Timothy): Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5MOTMu_pzI
========================================

Description:
Sunday July 13, 2025. Pastor Daniel Evans goes through First and Second Timothy and relates them to the world we live.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpet call with joy. It's the year of jubilee. Out of sight still. Let's sing that again. Behold, he comes. Behold, he comes. Riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. [Music] Rejoice is the year of J out of s. One more time. Behold he comes. Behold he comes. Riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee. Out of Zion till salvation comes. Praise the name of the Lord. Anyone in Sunday school can head to Sunday school now. I've never been this homesick before. Key of G. There's a light in the window. Come to worship him this morning. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this song with all our hearts. There's a light in the window. Table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see the crystal river. And I must be here forever. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about long time. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Let's sing verse one again. There's a light in the window. Tables spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see the crystal river. Must be here forever. And I've never been this home sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. So world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home. Now, let's sing verse two. I can see the family and I can see the family gather. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's old or feeble anymore. Oh, this old lonesome hearts are crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home. I can see my father standing by the door. This old world is man of wilderness ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never met this home sick before. What a day that will be. And what a day that will be. Each saint in victory. Walking through those gates forever more. Yes. Oh, as we greet one another, every sister, every brother. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home. [Music] I can see my father standing at the door. This whole world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. Would you all stand with me this morning? Go ahead and greet somebody in Jesus name. I can see the family gather faces all familiar. No one's old or fever anymore. So lonesome parts are crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this all sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This whole world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance for I've never been this home. One more time. I see the bright light shine. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this sick before. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in church this morning. Amen. We're going to sing that song. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Are you happy this morning after singing a song like that? You got to smile a little bit. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Are we in E flat? D. Okay. What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless feet. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine I can sing. All is mine, yet not I, but through Christ in me. Verse two, the night is dark, but I am not forsaken. or by my side the Savior He will reign. You believe that I labor on in weakness and rejoicing for in my need. His power is displayed. To this I hold my shepherd will defend me through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh, the night has been won. And I shall overcome yet not I, but through Christ in me. Amen. Verse three. No fate I dread. No fate I dread. I know I am forgi. The future sure the price it has been paid. Do you believe it? For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon and he was raised to overthrow the grave. To this I hold. My sin is defeated. Jesus now and ever is my free. Oh the chains are released. I can sing I am free yet not I. But through Christ in me with every breath, with every breath I long to follow Jesus, for he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. To this I hold. My hope is all Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat yet not I, but through Christ. And to this I hold my hope. To this I hold. My hope is on Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. And when the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. One last time quietly now. Let's all raise our hands together and sing that. To this I hold. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. And when the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. [Music] Praise the Lord. If the brothers want to come up to open the service in a word of prayer, he's already provided. [Music] Sing this song this morning. He's all pro He's already provided everything you need. Amen. He's already proided. He's already [Music] provided. Everything you need, he's already providing. Amen. Any promise. Oh, every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need, he's already proise. Sing that again. He's already provided. And he's already provided. He's already provided. And everything you need, he's already proided. Amen. Every promise and every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. [Applause] Everything you need, he's already proided. Sing it. Every promise you can claim. Every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need, he's already provided. [Music] how true those promises are that we that he's given us. Did you come expecting today? I know it's going to be a great day. Great service. Got a couple prayer requests written out. There are some that I know some that are not feeling too good. Let's keep our brother Aaron Gar in prayer. He's still not 100%. Bad case of vertigo. He's doing better, but would like to be here in service. I know that's his heart's desire. Our brother Lyall Johnson's traveling. Let's remember him in prayer. Brother Jordan's still out. Let's keep the brothers that he's with in prayer for a safe journey home. Should be probably this week, I'm guessing. But uh we miss them. We miss the brothers when they're not here. Sister Tony is asked for prayer prayers for her daughter Tony Lisa who was admitted to the hospital last night. We don't know why but the Lord knows. God bless you. And then our sister Grace Taylor has asked prayer for sister Lillian Bamante. She's having surgery this afternoon to have her gallbladder removed. Do you have a something that you'd like the Lord to take um control of with an uplifted hand? Let's let's go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, your word is still true. And Lord, we'd like to invite you into our midst this morning. We invite your sweet presence to to come and move up and down the aisles and bless bless us, Lord. Father, these requests that have been mentioned, those with an uplifted hand, those that aren't here, Father, you know why. And you've already made a way of escape. You've already provided that day on Calvary, Lord, for each of our needs. Precious Lord, we commit each need into your hands this morning. We trust you, Lord. We have confidence in you. And Lord, we've come expecting this morning to meet you. So, Father, we pray that you would bless us and bless our pastor. Give him the words of life to bring forth to us, Lord. anoint him. Lord, you've never failed us and you won't fail us this morning. So, we commit this service into your hands. The remainder of the songs, pray that you'd bless them. Lord, the offering that's about to be taken, we commit that into your hands also. Would you use it and bless the giver in the precious name of Jesus Christ, we commit everything. Amen. [Music] Thank you, brother Ed. You can all have your seats. Let's sing. He is Lord, [Music] for he is Lord. He is Lord. He has risen from and he is Lord. Where every knee shall bow, every tongue comes that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's sing that again with all our hearts. Oh, he is Lord. Oh, he is Lord. Yes, he has risen from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee, oh every knee shall bow, every tongue confesses that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's sing that again as a confession. Oh, he is Lord. [Music] Yes, he is Lord. He has risen. He has risen from the dead and he is born. Oh, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. What a sweet atmosphere here this morning. and singing Christ alone my hope is found key as brother Daniel gets ready to come we just want the Lord to feel welcome here this morning don't we amen Christ alone in Christ alone my hope is found he is my light my strength Save my song. This cornerstone this solid ground firm through the fiercest drought and strong. What heights of love? What depths of peace? When fears are still, when striving cease, my comforter, my all in God, here in the love of Christ I stand. Amen. Verse two. In Christ alone, who took on flesh, fullness of God in helpless faith, this gift of love in righteousness, sworn by the ones he came to save. Still on that cross as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied. For every sin on him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I there in the ground his body lay of the world by darkness slain then bursting forth in glorious day up from the grave he rose. rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Bought with the precious blood of Christ. Verse four is an anthem. Let's sing it together. No guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first cry to final bless. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell. No sea of man can ever plug me from his hand till he returns or calls me home here in the power of Christ. Let's sing that again. No power of hell, no power of hell, no scheme of man can ever pluck me from his hands till he returns or calls me home. Here in the power of Christ, I'll stand. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the key of F. Hallelujah. God be praised. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] God be praised. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Isn't he good? Isn't he wonderful? Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh yes, thank you Jesus. Yes, thank you Jesus. Yes, thank that make you want to worship him? Let's sing that again. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Yes, honey. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. Let's all bow our heads, brother Josiah, one more time in that last chorus. Hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Hallelu. Lord God, we just give you our hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord, there's thank you. There ain't nothing better that we can give you than our praise and our our love and our gratitude. Hallelujah. So Lord, pray that you'd accept our offering this morning for ourselves. Accept our love, Lord. Accept our praise, Lord. Oh, I just we wish we could give you something, but Father, you gave us everything, but now Lord, just what we can have, what we have to give you back is we have to give you our lives. Lord, we want to dedicate our lives to you. A fresh this morning. Give it to you. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Praise God. Feels good to worship him, doesn't it? I Sister Heather, it's good to see you. I thought we'd have brother Ly. He's He's on the road this morning. We are actually We the church is deaconless this morning. Brother Jordan's on the road. Brother Aaron's sick as as you heard. And then brother Lyall is also on the road. So it's uh but thank the Lord that we have other brothers that can step in. I uh I got to admit this morning I as I always do I work all week pretty much on a uh on a sermon and which I did this week and uh I was finishing up last night and uh got it. It felt felt pretty good. And uh then I was up all night as often I am on Saturday night worrying and and I woke up this morning and uh went back and started going over it and uh I just felt like no it's uh it's it's not the direction I don't think the Lord wanted to go. And what I did is I I had during the week I I wanted to start in this book uh these two letters from the Apostle Paul to Timothy and I just enjoy them so much. I think they are very very they're very pointed and they're very applicable to today. And I I wanted to get started. I wanted to preach on some of the things that Paul said to Timothy. And in August, I'm hoping that we can go through like we do sometime line by line in the book of Timothy, first and second Timothy, and go through some of the things Paul said. And I'm hoping to do that in the ne in in next month if the Lord's willing. The key is the Lord's willing. And the Bible says, Paul says at least once, he says God willing. And that's one thing we want to make sure if God is willing. And what I had planned this morning is I uh kind of went down a rabbit hole this week. Um I uh somebody sent me a a video so of a of a preacher preaching and and boy, I didn't like it. It really bothered me. And then you know YouTube is so good at what it does that algorithm. And then so I I wrote down a few things that that preacher said and then another one comes up. I was like, I'll scrub into that one. I I get down in that one. And I didn't like what what that preacher said. So I started writing down all these things that that these ministers had said. Of course, I wasn't going to mention their names. And and I mean, they're brothers that some of you probably know. And I uh so I I started jotting those down and I and I started comparing them to what Timothy said in his in his book or uh to what Paul said in his letter to Timothy. And it was like this is this is exactly what Paul was saying to stay away from and and I I was I was writing those down and then I woke up this morning and and I was worried all night, Lord, do I say it? I'm not going to mention any names, but but then I I got to the point where I felt like Lord just said just just read them the Bible and then I will deal with them. And I thought, you know what, that's right. And and and since I've been thinking about it, what good is that going to do for this group of people? It would it wouldn't have been for you all. It would have been for the ones that are watching the video. And my job is here. My job is is to encourage you all. Why do we do things? You know, we we we do things because we have to look at our motives. And when we read the scripture, I I think the biggest mistake, by the way, if you see me scrolling on my notes, it's because I'm skipping a bunch of the stuff that I plan to say. So, yeah, it's doesn't need to be said. But why do we read the scriptures? We read the scriptures so that we can get closer to God. But so often we read the scriptures and and Timothy warns us. So many people read the scriptures and they read into it what they want. So they they'll take a scripture and then they'll apply it to something that they already think and it sways the scriptures in the wrong way and it's not the original meaning. So when we read the scriptures, it is not we should never ask oursel or somebody else what does this scripture mean to you. What we should ask is what does this scripture mean? Period. Because the original author had a reason for writing the scriptures and it was a specific reason. It wasn't something that could be interpreted and changed over time. It's something that that is pointed and directed and it has a meaning. I appreciated our our Bible study with the kids yesterday and and I want to do it more often. I appreciate some of the candacy that that some of them had in sharing their testimonies and some some great discussions. And I think what what I always try to get across and I'm if I'm ministering here, if I'm teaching a Bible study or if I'm just talking one on-one is God wants he has a desire to speak directly to you without a mediator in between. And and Paul in his letter to in both of his letters to Timothy, he's hitting that hard. He wants to God wants to speak to us. The question came up last night. Well, does God send Old Testament prophets today? And it's a it's a good question. And I think many of us believe, yeah, that that he sends great prophets. And I and I even said afterwards, someone asked me and I said, "Yeah, no, there's great prophets that are even prophesied to come now in Revelation 11 that there are men that that are going to come that have the power of Moses and Elijah, the power to shut up the heavens, the power to turn the water into blood. They h they come and they are prophesied to come." So, no, God didn't cut that out. But I quoted Hebrews chapter um Hebrews chapter 1 I believe it is and I quoted to the youth. I said it says God who had sundre times and in diverse manners. God who in old times in diverse manners spake in times past by the prophets hath in this last day spoken by his son by whom he created the worlds. So what does that mean? Not what does it mean to you? What does that mean? And I asked the youth, I said, "So if you look at this, do you want God to speak to me? Do you want to ask God something and do you want the answer to come from God through me to you or through another person? Or do you want the answer to come directly from God to you? What do you want? Do you want it to come through me? Do you want it to come through another man? Or do you want an answer directly from God? People have made the mistake throughout history. No, we want someone between us and God. Great mistake with Moses. They said, "Let not God speak lest we die, but let Moses speak." They did the same thing with Samuel. When God tells Samuel, he said, "Samuel, they have not forsaken you." Remember when Sam when the people wanted a king and Samuel got offended and he and and he was he was upset and he's like, "Well, you know, have I stole your money? Have I done any of this?" And God goes to Samuel. He said, "Samuel, listen. They haven't forsaken you. They have forsaken me. They have not forsaken you, Samuel. They're all about you. They've forsaken me. I'm the one that they forgot about in putting a man between me and the people, between God and the people. They always want somebody in there. And that's just the nature of people. I was And it doesn't mean that God doesn't send prophets. It doesn't mean that God doesn't send gifts into the church. Of course, he does. These gifts are are prophesied to come. God sends a gift. He'll send a gift of a prophet for a warning for a a a widescale warning that judgment is coming. That's what that's what he does with prophets from the beginning until now. He sends that. But every day God wants to deal with his people oneonone. That's like me reading the scriptures this morning. Just read it, friends. And you take it in. I'll talk about it. But ultimately, it is you that has to have that relationship. It is you that God has to give that interpretation. It can't come through anyone else. Your relationship with God cannot come through a pastor, a priest. It can't come through a prophet. It can't come through mom, and it can't come through dad. It has to come directly between you and God himself. And there is one mediator between God and manesus. Jesus. I gave a tour of the church yesterday. Some It's really neat testimony of um Zyra had been witnessing to uh um some folks and they said, "Yeah, our church is at Stone and Hento." And Zara's like, "So's our church." They're going back and forth. I don't know, however they communicate. She's like, "Do you go to our church?" And and as they were talking to each other, "No, they're they're the the church right across the street that uh we've been a couple times at the brothers over there." And they uh they they came in. Some of the youth came in. It was really really neat. Oh, there's Zyra. Sorry. Jar and Joseph. Yeah, I wasn't didn't see you there. Um, but uh it it was really cool testimony about how all that worked out. And so we gave him a tour yesterday and uh we walked around the building and this was just a a very sweet young lady and a young man. They were the the son and the daughter of the pastor that's just right over here across the street. and uh very fine fine kids. I mean, first class. You can tell they've been raised, right? And uh we came in, we we showed them the stuff that we're doing and uh and the different projects that we have going on. And we brought them into the sanctuary and uh they were like, "Oh, wow. You know, this is this is really beautiful." And and I said, "Yeah." I said, "It seats about 400 people uh just here in the sanctuary. Then we can add more people up there." I said, 'But we're when we're full on Sunday morning, we're usually less than 200 people. And uh the young lady said, she said, well, she says, you know, she said, someone gave a prophecy in our church that as many chairs that you have that that the Lord will fill those fill those up. She says, so so I'm sure that the Lord's just going to fill this church up and there's going to be more way more than 400 people. And Zia was there. She can witness. I said, you know, I said, that's not really what I want. I said, really, if I just had 20 people that really would give their hearts to Jesus Christ, that would really love him, that would really surrender to him. I said, I'd be happy. I said, and not that that we're not, but I said, it's not about numbers. And it really isn't. We we think the world today makes us think about numbers and and and bigger is better. And the bigger your bank account is, the the the better you are. And and uh if you're a supervisor, the more people you supervise, the better you are. If if you're a pastor in a church, the more people that you have in the church, the better the you that you are. It's all about numbers. And that's what the world teaches us today. But that's not God's way of doing things. There was a pastor that uh in again in this local community that I gave a tour to him and he looked and he just got a little church of uh like 15 people. And he came in and he says, "Oh," he says, he says, "I look at your church." And he says, "I see all these people parked out there and parking on the streets." And he said, "All all these people coming in." And he says, "I just think, oh Lord, this is this is just my dream. This is what I want." That's not the way to think about it, friends. That's the world. That's the the the idea of the world is the more, the better, the bigger, the better. But that's not the way God is. He He has his way of doing things. And it doesn't teach us that. We We read the Bible. And when we read, we should really seek out Lord, what is this scripture saying? And then if you don't if it doesn't come, then get down on your knees and pray and don't just read over it. Don't just move on to the next one. If you don't understand a scripture or something really strikes your heart and it says and and something in your heart says, "I'm not living up to this." Don't do like so many people like is so common and just you just ignore that part and you only read the ones that support the your way of thinking. That's not what the scriptures are for. They are here for correction. They are here for doctrine. They are here to to help us. That's what the Bible is. It is the absolute. It is the greatest thing in the world. And it is just life is in there. But life also is comes from correction. And I I was thinking about I I had this way back. I had this when I was at UVA studying. I had this class that it wasn't a core class. Any of you students just do what I say, don't do as I do. Don't follow my example on this. But I had this class and it was one of those classes that you have to take. It wasn't an engineering class. It was just one of those things that I had to check a box. three three I think it's three or four credit class but it was a literature class and we had to read uh these certain books and then we would take a test on those on those books and we had essay essay questions and then we would have to answer the questions and it was like when this certain thing happened what was the author trying to get across to the reader and I remember I think it was Lord of the Flies that uh that one of the books that we had to read. I didn't read any of the books. I didn't even buy the books. I didn't even go to the class. I went to the first class and then I showed up at each test. I could care less about it. And what I did the first time I go in there and it's like, okay, we have a test on this date. We have the syllabus. It's like, okay, I got to show up on this date to take the test. And I would read the footnotes. And then I would take the take the test and the the instructor the the the test would say what did the author mean about this or or I remember one question on Lord of the Flies. It was what does this say about human nature? And I was like okay. And I was a pretty good writer. I could put my stuff together. So I said, "Well, it says that at the end, you know, that they get rescued and it shows that human nature is inherently good because of this." And I I laid all of these things out. And if you've ever read that book, I I never read the book, but later on I saw the movie. I was like, "My answer wasn't so good." But when I answered, I put everything together and I remember the the professor said, "Interesting perspective. and I got like a B and it was completely wrong. It was like the opposite of what the the author wanted to say that the human nature is inherently bad and that when when everybody gets together the strongest spirit wins and in this case the strongest spirit in Lord of the Flies was evil. So evil was triumphing over good. That was the me meaning of the book. I know that because I saw the movie. But I wrote in there, here's what it means. And I had no idea. That author did not want what I said to come across. But the fact is, I didn't put the time in. I didn't really care. It didn't matter to me. And I think so often we can apply that to the word. So often we look at the word and we're just looking at the word for what we want. We're just looking at the word for what we want, what we need to justify ourselves instead of what it really means. And it's a shame. And I would say that many, maybe most people that are listening to a sermon or reading the Bible are looking for something that justifies themselves rather than looking for something that brings correction. I this this book of Timothy, it's a warning to this young minister, the first the first and the second books of Timothy. And and it's Paul is telling them that there's coming a time when people are going to be in all of this for themselves rather really than what Jesus taught. And Jesus really he taught us to put away the old man. He taught us to let go of what the world teaches us, which is to serve ourselves. That's the world today that we live in is serve yourself. Make yourself happy. You got to love yourself before you can love someone else. How many times you hear that? It's false. It's not what the Bible teaches. That's what the world teaches us today. And it teaches us also just to get as much as you can out of this life. Go and just grab as much as you're going through life. Get as much as you can and don't give away. And Paul, the Lord Jesus teaches, he said, "Put away the old man. Let go of what the world teaches us to serve ourselves. Let put away that old man and put on the new man and give your life for others." is what Christ taught. But the world teaches us something different. And it teaches us a frame of mind to where everything including going to church, including reading the Bible, including work or whatever it is, every single thing that we do is to serve ourselves. Everything is for our own benefit. So really Paul lays the foundational warnings for these things. And really our way of thinking, Proverbs 3 says, "Let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them about thy neck. Write them upon the table of thine heart. So shalt thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God. Trust in the Lord with all thy heart, and lead not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy path. Be wise, be not wise in your own eyes. Fear the Lord and depart from evil. But instead of trusting God and give every everything we had have to God, we really we trust in ourselves and we trust in our own understanding of the scriptures rather than seeking him and seeking his understanding. Jesus said, "Greater love has no man than he laid down his life for his friends." And that is a Christian. That is Christianity. It's not what the world teaches us in getting all that you can. There's a I had a funny experience uh I don't know less than a year ago. My Stephanie and uh the kids and I went to Hawaii and there's some Hawaiians here and the Hawaiian culture is really really neat. So we uh we get there and and we're driving along and it's rush hour. We're on the island of Kauaii. It's rush hour and there's two lanes. There's four lanes and there's there's two lanes obviously going this way and two lanes coming this way. So I pull out and I turn left and traffic is just backed up for what seemed like miles, but they were all in one lane. And then there's this other lane over here that didn't have anybody in it. So I pulled in immediately. It's like, okay, well, I'm just going to go down this lane. So, I'm cruising along this lane and I'm like, why isn't anybody in this lane? Why are they all stopped in that lane? And then I look down the road and I see that there's a sign in my lane merged into traffic. And I was like, "Oh no, I look like a major jerk." Here I am zooming by everybody like yahoo. I'm going I'm in my lane. I'm making time. And they're sitting in traffic and they are respecting one another and putting one another in treating each other like they would want to be treated. And here's the white boy cruising along in the in the lane that they knew was going to was going to merge. And when I finally figured it out, I looked and all these Hawaiians were looking at me like, "Yeah, there's one of the tourists. That's the That's the way they act." Am I right, bro? We got a bunch of Hawaiians over here. Am I right? But it I didn't know. But that is how we act in this world. We want to get ahead of the next guy instead of just waiting in line, waiting in our lane. I felt terrible. I wanted to go back. I wanted to put it in reverse and go back a half a mile and remember the car that I pulled out uh behind and get behind that guy. But that's the way that we live our lives. That's the way the world teaches us is get ahead. Take as much as you can. Get ahead of that. get ahead of the next guy. And we really we read our Bible with the same attitude. What can I get out of this book that serves me? And what what what can I get out of this book that makes my life better? Rather than reading it for what the author meant, which is how can I give more of myself? How can I give more of my resources, Lord? How can I give how can I give you or give your people? Josiah sings that song. I give myself away. What does that mean? We just sing it because it's nice. It's a nice worship song. That's Christianity. Give yourself away. Lord, how can I give more? Not take more. Lord, how can I give more? So, listen how Paul's letter to Timothy. It starts 1 Timothy chapter 1 says Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the com by the commandment of God our savior and the Lord Jesus Christ which is our hope unto Timothy my own son in the faith grace mercy and peace from God our father and Jesus Christ our Lord as I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus when I went to Macedonia that thou mightest charge some as they teach no other doctrine Right? Paul's jumping right into it. Don't teach any other doctrine. Don't teach all this stuff that just separates the people that lift something else above Christ. Don't teach any of that. Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies which minister questions rather than godly edifying which is in faith. So do now. The end of the commandment is charity. out of a pure heart and of good conscience and of faith unfeign. So I say in the end of all this the end of the commandment the goal of all this is love. English standards version says the aim of our charge is love that issues from a pure heart that comes from a pure heart and a good conscience and sincere faith. Now listen to this. From which some having swerved have turned aside under vain jangling. Certain persons by swerving from these have wandered away into vain discussions. A vain discussion is this discussion about themselves. It's a discussion that lifts theirelves up. It it lifts their own revelation up. It lifts up themselves which is the opposite of Christ who lowered himself as a servant. Instead of saying what can this do for me or what does this script scripture have to do with me? Instead it should say we should say but what is this scripture telling me to do? Instead we have t teachers that have turned to things that are vanity. I'm going to skip a lot of these quotes here. Verse number seven. They're desiring to be teachers of the law, understanding neither what they say nor where have they affirm. They're desiring to be teachers without understanding either of what they are saying or what or the things that they are talking about. And they're making these confident assertions. They're they're they're acting like they know what they're talking about and they're bringing in these weird these strange doctrines. And really, it's all about lifting up a group or lifting up themselves or the apostle or the prophet or or the priest or the pastor lifting up himself. And they're so confident in what they're saying, but they really have no idea what they're talking about. It's some new revelation or it's something that raises us above someone else so that we can drive in the turning lane and get ahead of everyone else so we can get on board first. We have a one-way ticket to heaven. We have we have all of these these things because we are special instead of the true meaning which is to fall in line with the scriptures and don't make it about yourself. 1 Timothy chapter 2 verse 5 says this. For there is one God and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself a ransom for all to be testified in due time, where unto I am ordained a preacher and an apostle. I speak the truth in Christ and I lie not, a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and varity. I will therefore that men pray everywhere lifting up holy hands without wrath and without doubting. That's the gospel. That's the truth. But from that they have turned aside under this vain jangling under these words that really they don't mean anything. They're just they're they're confusing and they're these never- ending discussions. And Paul lays it out here very simply that just pray everywhere lifting up your hands and praying to God without wrath and without doubting trust in the word of God. 1 Timothy chapter 3 verse 16 he says this and without controversy great is the mystery of godliness. The new living translation says this is the great mystery of our faith. God was manifested back to the King James. God was manifested in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. That's it. That's that's it. It doesn't put you in front of the line. It puts you It puts you with other believers. 1 Timothy chapter 4 verse one Paul again he's continuing on in this letter instructing this young minister in the Lord he says now the spirit speaks expressly NIV says the spirit clearly says that in the letter in the latter day latter times some shall depart from the faith giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils. He's friends, listen, he's not talking, this is a key to the book of first and second Timothy. He's not talking about the world. He's talking about the church. He's not, this isn't some weird French thing. He's talking about the believers. He's talking about the Christians speaking lies and hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron. How do you have your conscience seared with with a hot iron? It's because they see that the word teaches something different. But because they have departed from the faith of Christ to something else, they get excited about the other stuff that's outside of Jesus. And then it just gets easier. You know how sometimes when you sin or you do something wrong, it's really hard when you first do it and then you do it again. It's a little easier and then a little easier and then a little easier. It's searing that conscious conscience. He says, "Forbidding to marry and com commanding to abstain from meats which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of which of them which believe and know the truth." How easy it is. We think, well, what is what is this? How easy it is to depart from the faith. The biggest church in the world, the biggest denomination in the world forbids priests to marry. And then they say that their first pope was Peter and Peter had a mother-in-law. Therefore, Peter was married. It's not that hard to figure out. One plus one equals two on this. Peter was married and yet they say that that the the ministry of the priest that they can't marry. I I I read a article. This is years ago, maybe maybe 20 20 years ago or so. It was a long time ago. I read this article about the Catholic Church and they said that that a third of all priests that had that had been ordained that year and I don't remember when it was a long time ago were homosexual one-third. And you you think about that, it's like, well, why to me it gives me some respect for some of these these men because they see a weakness maybe in their lives. They see that they have a weakness towards homosexuality. They want to live right. They want to live like a Christian. So they say, "Well, I know I can just go in the priesthood and that'll prevent me from from having all of these bad feelings that'll prevent me from sinning. It'll prevent me from doing it. I'll just go into the priesthood and it'll be easier for me to live a a celibate life." You you look at and and it's an admirable thing for many of them. But the church in itself, it opens the door for sin and inviting more that might have that weakness. And that's why that we see so many problems with the Catholic Church with the priesthood and the with the molestation of kids and and the homosexuality is because they forbid to marry which is not scriptural. But do you see how easy it is to just get outside of what the what the word teaches and that's the biggest church in the world. We need to be careful in everything that we do and even abstaining from meats. That's talking about it's probably talking about mainly the kosher way that the Jews were. But you look at the Catholic Church and they do the same thing. It's like don't eat meat on Friday. You give this up for Lent or you do that. That's right here. It says don't teach that. But it's so easy to stray from the truth. Verse number four, for every creature of God is good and nothing to be refused if it be received with thanksgiving. talk about eating certain types of food. For it is sanctified by the word of God in prayer. If thou put on if thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, where until thou where unto thou hast attained. But refuse profane and old wives fables, and exercise thyself rather to godliness. For bodily exercise profitth little, but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promised, having promise of the life that is that now is, and of that which is to come. This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all exception. Now listen to this. For therefore we both labor and suffer reproach because we trust in the living God who is the savior of all men, especially of those that believe. These things commanded teach. Teach these things. Don't teach something else. Don't teach things that just cause problems and just cause fight. Just teach the word of God. Just teach the Bible. Don't worry about all of your strange doctrines and interpretations. Verse number 16. Take heed unto thyself and unto the doctrine. Continue in them. For in doing so, thou shalt save both thyself and them that hear thee. That's how important it is that we speak the right things in the word. The amplified version says, "Practice and work hard on these things and be absorbed in them." Absorb yourself in the scriptures. Get into the scriptures. Stay in them all the time. Let them David said, "Write them upon the bed post. Word. Just be with be with the scriptures all the time." Then he closes his letter in 1 Timothy the first the first letter. He closes his letter in chapter 6 verse 20. He says, "Oh Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust. Avoid profane and vain babblings and oppositions of science false falsely so-called which some professing have aired concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen. He's saying Timothy stay with this guard that which is entrusted to you and avoid this irreverent babble and and contradictions of what is falsely called knowledge. King James says science. Modern word for that is knowledge. Then in second Timothy verse 15 he says study to show thyself approved unto God a workman that needeth not to be ashamed rightly dividing the word of truth. What word is he talking about? He's talking about the scriptures. He's talking about the Bible. He's not talking about anything else but shun and prof shun profane and vain babblings. Again he's saying the same thing. for they will increase unto more ungodliness. Again, he's talking about strange doctrines that rise up and they're so easy. They're they just they go everywhere and their word will eat as doth a canker of whom Himus and and Phileitus who concerning the truth have aired. Listen to this. So there's these two brothers and they're preaching to the churches. They're Christians, all right? And they're preaching in the churches. And he says that they're saying that the resurrection is passed already and it overthrows the faith of some bringing in these doctrines. Then you can go into the Bible and pull this scripture over here and pull this scripture over here and then line it up and then all of a sudden, oh, the Lord's come, you're lost now, these things are over. How would it feel if you were told that Christ had already come and you're lost to the tribulation? Would that encourage you? Of course not. And he's saying that these brothers are preaching that and it's discouraging to other people. It's hurting them. It's hurting their walk with the Lord. How would you like it if if your pastor or or whatever church that you you go to, how would you like it if the pastor says, "Here is what this scripture means." And you're reading that scripture and you're studying and it's like, "No, I don't think that scripture means this. I think it means something else." and you go to the pastor and you say, "Pastor, I don't believe that you're right in what you're saying. I believe here's what it here's what it means." And your pastor says, "No, you're an apostate. No, get out of here. You have no revelation. You're deceived." How would that make you feel if it was something very very important to you, it would be discouraging. And that's how these brothers here, they were teaching these doctrines that just hurt the people and they discouraged them and they caused them to leave the faith. Nevertheless, the foundation of God stand assure, having this seal, the Lord knoweth them that are his, and let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity. Verse number 23, but foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender stripes. And the servant of the Lord must not strive, but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient in meekness, instructing those that oppose themselves, if God, per adventure, will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth, and that they may recover themselves out of the snares of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will. Now listen to this. Now remember when we read our our Bible the letters were written they didn't have chapters in there and references the letters were written just one long scroll. So the very next word listen to this this know also that in the last days perilous times will come. In the last days perilous times NIV says but mark this. There will be terrible times in the last days. Stop right there. What do you think these terrible times are going to be? Think they're not they're not going to be able to that we're not going to be able to go to church, maybe? Oh, that the government's going to come in and won't let us come together. Well, that happened in co. Most Christians don't even go to church. Oh, well, you know, you know, they're they're going to let they're not going to let us go to church. Well, do you do you appreciate going to church? Do you do you appreciate the fact that you have the right to go? Do you appreciate the fact that you can go? There's many people in the world that are not allowed to go to church. Oh, maybe the government's going to come in and take that away from us. That would be a horrible time, right? Or do you think it's going to be a famine that comes in and and kills a bunch of people and causes a bunch of suffering? That would be a terrible thing. Maybe a holocaust. Maybe torturing and dying. Maybe Russia or China is going to drop a nuclear bomb on the United States. and have all this suffering. Those are going to be horrible times. And Paul says here, he says, "In the last day, horrible times are going to come." What are those horrible times? What is the worst that you can think of? Now, listen to what he says. For men should be lovers of their own selves. It's going to be horrible times, but men are going to be lovers of their own selves. That's what's so horrible. covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy. This is the worst is what Paul's saying. This is beyond famine. This is beyond the worst of the worst. People will love themselves. They'll boast and they'll be proud and they'll put other people down and they'll destroy other people's reputations. Wow, that sounds really bad, doesn't it? They set up they'll set up shrines to themselves and they'll call it their profile. You know, they'll spend all their time editing their pictures and putting filters on them so they can look as good as they can. They should be lovers of their own selves. Like, well, brother, we all do that. Paul said, "Horrible times will come for people will love theirelves oppose in different ways." You know, they'll post videos of how happy they are and how great they are. They'll post their opinions and they'll promote themselves and they'll put other people down. He's like, Timothy, this is going to be really bad. Really, really bad. And I think that we have arrived. We are living in this time that Paul said in the end, in the last days, horrible times are going to come. We're here. Look around. We are here. We're here now. But it's just normal to us. Oh, well, everybody does that. Don't try to make But we can't try to make the word say something that it doesn't mean. Remember, as I said from the beginning, it doesn't mean what it doesn't. It's not right to say this is what it means to me. This is what it means. It's pretty plain. They will be lovers of their own selves. Tell my wife about this. The other night we're walking and and Stephanie says, "Dan, it's Proverbs." She says, "I read a proverb the other day. I'll read it to you." Says this, Proverbs 27:2. It says, "Let someone else praise you, not your own mouth. Let a stranger and not your own lips. And friends, I'm not talking about the world. Paul's not talking about the world. He's talking about the church. Without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good. NIV says without love, unforgiving and slanderous, without sea self-control, and they will be cruel and they'll hate what is good. Message to the Leo Leodyian church in Revelation 3 says that they won't know that they are like this. They know not that they're miserable, naked, and blind. They don't know it. And it's the church. Traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof. From such, turn away. Having the appearance of godliness, but denying its power. It says another um the English Standard Version says, "Avoid these people." He's warning the church how the people are going to act in the last day. And it's going to be horrible. For this is the sort are they which creep into houses and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lust, ever learning. Listen to this. Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. Why? It's because when they read the Bible or they listen to a sermon, they are looking for the things that match their doctrine rather than looking for the truth. They are looking for something that justifies the way that they are living their life or the way that they are acting rather than really seeking God. Ever learning. It's because they have a focus on what they want and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. I'm short on time. So, let's skip to second Timothy chapter 4. We'll close with this. Now, this is the end. So, Paul writes two letters to Timothy. Timothy is this young man and he's instructing Timothy. He's like, "You got to live your life this way. You got to teach this way and be careful. Watch watch all the fighting and watch all the strange doctrines that are come. All of this coming and in the end the people are going to love themselves and they're going to be promoting themselves and all of this horrible stuff is going to happen. Timothy, watch this. And this second letter to Timothy is the last thing Paul ever wrote. He was in prison and he says, "I'm ready to be offered now." He was probably about to walk out the door and lay his head down and have the axe come down and his head cut off. That's how he died. This is these are the very last words of one of the greatest men that has ever lived. And he warns us of the things that are coming. And he says this, I charge thee therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in his kingdom. Preach the word. 2 Timothy 4:2. Preach the word. Be instant in season and out of season. Reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. He's telling Timothy to be prepared. Be instant. Be ready. Be knowledgeable about the scriptures. And Paul said that in the end times, the church is going to be lovers of their own selves. Right? He just said it. They're going to have the appearance of godliness. They're going to have the appearance of godliness, but they're really not going to believe. They won't have true love. They won't be forgiving. They'll lose their temper. He says, "Watch these things, Timothy. Study your Bible." He says all scriptures in inspired and you can preach about all of it. Correct them when they are in error. Stay with the scriptures for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. But after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching ears. What does that mean? The time will come when they won't want Bible teaching. The time will come when they will want something beyond the Bible or beyond Jesus and the people will seek out preachers who give them what they want. New Living Translation said for a says for a time is coming when people will no longer listen to sound and wholesome teaching. They will follow their own desires and will look for teachers who will tell them whatever their itching ears want to hear. Wow. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth and they shall be turned to fables. This is the church he's talking about, friends. This is the Christian church and they're going to want something more than the Bible. These are going to be horrible times and people will turn from the truth to things outside. They're going to be turned to these fables. But watch thou in all things. Timothy, endure afflictions. Do the work of an evangelist. Make full proof of thy ministry. Now listen to this. He's about to walk out the door. For I am now ready to be offered. And the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I have kept the faith. The closing the closing arguments, the closing words of the great apostle Paul who really formed the doctrine of Christianity. He was the foundational person in preaching the deity of Jesus Christ. And here is this man and he's closing this letters and he says, "Timothy, watch it. The time is coming when they won't endure endure sound doctrine, but they will heap for themselves teachers having it in itching ears. They're going to they're going to put the pressure. They want to have a certain doctrine. They want to have all these fables. They want to have all this arguing. They want to have all of this. and they will neglect the one that we all should be preaching about, which is Christ Jesus. You say, "Oh, well, brother Dan, that's you say that all the time. Find me a chapter in the New Testament that's not about Christ." And then you say, "Maybe I I talked too much about him." The apostles talked about him. We were talking about last night. We were talking about um for the next Bible study, we want to maybe talk about what is a disciple? What is a disciple? A disciple is someone that has accepted Jesus Christ, that is following Jesus Christ, and that is lifting up Jesus Christ. I am a disciple. Amen. And I want to make more disciples. I am ready now to be offered. And the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. have kept the faith. Now listen to this. Paul always ends good. He's hard. And now listen to this. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall shall give me at that day, and not to me only, but to the Tucson tabernacle, but unto all them that love his appearing. That's what we're to look for. That is good, sound doctrine. Brother Josiah and the worship team can can come to close. That is good sound doctrine. But friends, let me read. Let me go back when as the team's coming, let me go back and read again and let just the Lord interpret to you what this means. You with me? Second Timothy chapter 3. This know also that in the last days perilous time shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heavy high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. For of this sort are they which creep into houses and lead captive silly women laden with sins, ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. Why again? Because they're reading and they're listening with their own thoughts in mind, with their own doctrines in mind. And then 2 Timothy chapter chapter 4. I charge thee therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall shut who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in and his kingdom. Preach the word. Be instant in season out of season. Reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. For the time will come. He just said, "Here's what it's going to look like at the end. People are going to love themselves. People are going to promote themselves. People are going to put down other people. We are there." But the time will come now what's going to happen when they will not endure sound doctrine. But after their own lusts, after their own desires, they shall heap for themselves teachers having itching ears. Again, for the time is coming when people will no longer listen to sound, wholesome teaching. They will follow their own desires and will look for teachers who will tell them whatever their itching ears want to hear. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned to favor fables. We are there brothers and sisters. That spirit is there. That spirit is working among [Music] all the people and it's trying to get us to lose our focus to go into some strange this or some fantastic that. And it's pulling people away from their savior, Jesus Christ. They still mention Jesus. They still talk about Jesus all the time. They they they mention that that that Jesus is their savior, but then they put something else. They put something else before him. Watch thou in all things and endure affliction. Do the work of an evangelist. Make full proof of thy ministry. For I, Paul, am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight. I finished my course. I have kept the faith. Henceforth, there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day, and not o not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing. Friends, do you want to see the second coming of Jesus Christ? Do you just long to see that? The Bible ends within the spirit and the bride are calling out for the Lord to come. Do you want that? Do you want to see it? That is our greatest desire. And this is what Paul teached and that's what I'm trying to get across. That is the most important thing. And to all them, as Paul said, that love is appearing. There is laid up a crown of righteousness. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to be with God. We're going to be with our savior, Jesus Christ. We're going to be with each other. And that is the greatest desire. But we should heed, friends, to the warnings that are written in the Bible. Let me tell you, Satan is a master deceiver. He is very, very good at what he does. But if we would just follow the word, follow the teachings of the Bible, I believe God will honor our sincerity, and he will correct us where we need correction. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Josiah, would you all stand with us? [Applause] [Music] I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alence to the lamb again. Yes. I pledge alance to the Lord. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his coming. I pledge alce to the lamb. Verse one. We have heard how Christians long ago were brought before. A ty throne. They were told that he would spare their lives. If they would renounce the name of Christ. So one by one they chose to die. The son of God they would not deny. Like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees. I pray [Applause] to the Lord. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Verse two. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost to check this world and face the cross. So one by one, let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life. Till the trumpet sounds on that final day. as proud and holy say I [Applause] to the land. All my strength with all I am I will seek to honor him. I pledge aliance to [Music] the lamb. To the lamb of God who bore my pain, who took my place, who wore my shame. I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Do you pledge allegiance to the lamb? Yes. Your allegiance is your life that you pledge to him. I'm talking about social media today and our our profiles and that friends. I'm not saying that you have to give up your social media, but don't make it about yourself. I know that's that's the way it was created, but you can use it to make it about Jesus. Amen. You can use it to do to serve him. And that's what I encourage you to do. If if you're if you have a social media, I don't have it. I don't I don't know how it's worked. I I never had it. But use it. If you want to use it, use it for Christ and not to be a lover of your own self. You with me? And friends, when you start hearing these strange doctrines, when you start hearing these things that do nothing but but divide and and do nothing but but really confuse, when you start hearing those things, let me tell you, run away as fast as you can. Get away from it. If it's lifting up ourselves and vanity, get away from it because it's going to do nothing but hurt you. It's going to do nothing but deceive you. Those things do nothing but build strife. So stay away from those. God bless you, brothers and sisters. The plan tonight, we're very short staffed, so we're we're not going to have service tonight. We're canceling service. And please, I ask the church to pray for me. I'm going to Canada this next week and I'll be ministering um at a couple different churches and I'll be be uh ministering quite a few services and I'm going there. This is the first time I've done this. I'm going there to represent the Tucson Tabernacle. I'm going there to represent you all because there are people that have expressed that they just want to hear that there's other people there's other people out there that really truly love the Lord. There's other people out there that are like them. And it's I just feel like the Apostle Paul and and Silas and Timothy. I feel like him them going out and just encouraging the believers and that's why I'm going. So please, I'm representing you all, everyone here, and I'm going to greet them on your behalf and I ask that please let your prayers be with me. I leave on Wednesday and I'll be gone uh for about eight days. Brother Ryan will minister next weekend and uh I'm not sure uh Wednesday night what we're going to do yet, but Aaron's still under the weather. So, we'll we'll see how he's doing. And um friends, don't make this life about you. If I could give you any advice, it's don't live your life for yourself. live your life for someone else. And then when you get to the end of the road and you come before the Lord, don't let it be said that this man or this woman served themselves when those witnesses are brought. And there might be witnesses. I I don't know how it's going to be, but just make sure you lift up Jesus Christ and make sure that you are serving others because that's what he taught. Live your life for others, friends. That's what Paul was telling Timothy. That's what it's all through the Bible. Be strong. God bless you again. No service tonight. Let's bow our heads. [Music] Lord God, Lord, sometimes these letters, these epistles are are hard to take because we see that that Lord, we're guilty and we see that we live in these days now. They're not just written for 2,000 years ago, but they are here. And father, I believe that we are in this day that Paul said when he said the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine. Lord, help us to be not one that that wouldn't be able to accept sound doctrine. But Lord, let us be able to accept your word, your Bible, and take it into our hearts, Father, and not just listen to it, not just read it, not just believe it, but live it, Father. Let that be in our lives. We pray. Lord, we love you with all of our hearts. We thank you that you preserve these letters that we could read them. Thank you for service this morning. Father, we pray that as we leave that you would go with us, that you'd have your hand upon us and that your blessings would rest upon us, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] will give the glory to Jesus and tell his love is wonderful. will give the glory to Jesus [Applause] and tell of his wonderful love and we will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love. And tell of his love. We give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. will give our glory to Jesus and tell of his love and tell of his love. will give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Have a good Sunday afternoon. Juan, back there, I didn't greet you, young man. God bless you. It's good to have you in service. If I missed any other visitors, God bless you all. I appreciate brother Juan making a stand. Young man, loves the Lord, just lives in the neighborhood here and really is seeking the truth and wants to live a life that's worthy of this gospel. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. [Music] Do you all appreciate Brother Daniel? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, brother Daniel. [Music] Happy birthday to you. You guys are great. [Applause] You know, I think I can speak for all of us. Doesn't it feel good to be loved? I want I want everybody to come into this church and say, "You know what? When I come in, those people love me." That's the That's the spirit that should be in this Tucson tabernacle because love can hide a multitude of multitude of sins. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Let's go back to give the glory to Jesus.
