################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-03 - Check Your Motives, Matthew 6:1-7: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-03
Title:   Check Your Motives, Matthew 6:1-7: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VMpQ_zy_AY
========================================

salvation and magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised and magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation and gloryy, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more in gloryy, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock and blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provideth all my needs. Jehovah Gyar is his name for he provideth all my needs. Hosanana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Are you happy to be in church this morning? If we could stand up in the Sunday school, you're dismissed. We have both classes today, brother Lao. Right. Yes. Awesome. We are going to sing here I am to worship. In light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. and beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me and king of all days. Oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you ced all for love's sake became poor. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it cost. to see my sin upon that cross. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Amen. He's so awesome this morning. You may be seated. My God is awesome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Give strength where I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. My God is awome today. I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Oh, praise his holy name. My God is awome. He's awome. So awome. Awesome. My God is awome. He's awome. So awome. Awome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Awesome. Awesome. And he's holy. And he's holy. And he's holy. And he's holy. Awome. Awome. My God is awome. Awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awome. Awome. Awome. Amen. If we could stand and the brothers if they want to get ready for the prayer request and offerings, we're going to do the revelation song. is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy. See one more time. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy. Sing we sing holy. Oh, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Cloen rainbows of living color, flashes of lighting, rose of thunder. Blessing and strengthen glory empower be to you the only wise king. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Filled with wonder. Aruck wonder at the mention of your name. In Jesus, your name is power, breath in living water. Such a marvelous mystery. Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Amen. I have one prayer request that we didn't give to Brother Ed and it's Sister Hope. Please pray for her. She's stuck in traffic on I 10 right now. If you'd like to take your seats, uh, I can go through some of these. So we have some requests. Uh our sister Zyra Gastelum, she's at home with flu-l like symptoms. We want to remember her in prayer. Brother Aaron and sister Rachel Gar, they're at home not feeling well. Like to keep them in in our prayers. Also, Brother John Locer is not here. We have a request from brother Alex Collins. Please pray for my dear aunt Angie. She had a heart attack and needs surgery. Now needs surgery. Thank you all for your prayers. Our sister Meline Gara, please pray for my nephew Gabriel Gara. He is a minister in Cal in California or from California, I'm sorry. He's losing sight in one eye. Brother Joe Miller puts a request in for his wife Elizabeth. She has glycom pain and sight loss. I know there's a lot of people that aren't here. We're a smaller congregation this morning. There's a lot that are are traveling. We want to remember them in our prayers as they would travel home or wherever they're they're going. So, let's approach the Lord this morning. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, it's because of that day on Calvary that we can come to you, Lord, with faith assurance. Lord, you conquered death, the grave. You've you've conquered all sickness and disease. And Lord, you said you're our God, the healer of our infirmities, and we want to commit ourselves into your hands. these requests that were mentioned, Lord, there are probably many in the hearts of your children this morning and we'd like to place them before you, Lord. Lord, we lay them at the cross, knowing that the work has already been accomplished for whatever need we would have. And we want to ask that you'd minister onto each of your children this morning, whatever it may be, whether it's physical or and health, whether it's mental or just financial problems. Lord, we'd like to commit all these needs to you. Be in the remainder of the service, Lord, this morning. Bless the songs. Bless the ministry, Lord. Open our hearts and our ears to hear and to receive that which you'd have for us. Lord, correct us where we're wrong. Bless us with your presence this morning. move up and down the aisles. We invite you into our midst, Lord. And Lord, the offering that's about to be taken. Thank you, Lord, for it. We'd ask that you bless the giver, bless it, the offering for its intended purpose. And we give you praise, honor, and glory this morning in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, you unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song. of deliverance from my enies to all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. And I've been born again into your family. Your love flows through my veins. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say, "I am a child of God. You slid the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast out our idols. So give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to one another. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to another. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks, who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks, who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, we bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord we cast down our idols and give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to one another. Oh God, let this be a generation that seeks who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob and God, let this be a generation that seeks who seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Amen. If we could stand this morning. In a thousand generations falling down in worship to sing the song of ages to the lamb. And all who've gone before us. And all who will believe will sing the song of ages to the lamb. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions, your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. And if you've been forgi and if you've been redeemed, oh, sing the song forever to the lamb. Oh, and if you walk in freedom, and if you bear his name, oh, sing the song forever to the lamb we'll sing. Oh, we'll sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy, you are lifted high, holy, oh holy forever." Hear your people. You hear your people sing holy and to the king of kings. Holy. You will always be holy. Holy forever. Call your name. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. Jesus, your name is the highest. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. Oh, all thrones and positions, all powers and positions, your name stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy all creation cries. Holy. You are lifted up, holy, holy forever. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord, I love that song. Lord, let us just cry out to you. Holy, holy, holy. is as the angels cry out to you beyond that are circling around your throne now crying holy holy holy so let us also cry out to you holy holy holy is the lamb that takes away the sins of the world bless us father be with us this morning we pray Lord pray that the needs that have been brought into this church would be met this morning Lord that your spirit would rest upon us, Father, that you would be welcome in this place in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Just stay here. You can be seated. Bless you. Um you're quiet this morning. I I was I was listening in on the um on the stream and came out and it's a good spirit, but it's quiet. Can we uh can we turn up the heat just a little bit? Let's let's let's sing Hosanna. And remember, the Lord's good. He loves us. It's a joyous day to be a Christian. Let's sing Hosanna. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. ation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. and magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Yeah, that's better. But thank you. That's, you know, um, apologies to the folks in the back. I want to start with a different scripture. I was when I was coming out, we need to be encouraged. We live in the closing hours of time and we have been chosen to to carry this light of Jesus Christ to this world. Let me read something to you. Let's go to 1 Corinthians chapter 2. I'll read verse one. The Apostle Paul speaking and he said, "I, brethren, when I came to you came not an excellency of speech of or of wisdom declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you save Jesus Christ and him crucified. What a statement. I don't want to know anything but Jesus. And he says this. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man man's wisdom but in demonstration of the spirit and of power that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men but in the power of God. &gt;&gt; How be it we speak wisdom among them that are perfect. Yet not the wisdom of this world nor the princes of this world that comes to that come to not. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the before the world unto our glory. What is that wisdom? What is that mystery? It's Jesus Christ, the son of God. He came and he died for our sins &gt;&gt; which none of the princes of this world knew. For they had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But listen to this. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. Amen. Encouraging scripture to start with. It's not my subject, but uh I just wanted to encourage the congregation a little bit with some encouraging words from from the Apostle Paul. We have a promise, friends, and that promise is greater than anything that we could ever even imagine. And I feel like we don't take it we don't take it seriously enough. I feel like we brother Brandham said many times we live below our means. And we need to really understand the gravity of the situation of where we are now and the importance of the decisions that we're making, the importance of of our worship. It's vitally important. I'm going to tell a story, if the Lord's willing, at the end of service that shows that just one little thing about Jesus's sermon on the mount, a man and his wife didn't follow and they immediately died. Tremendous, tremendously important. I uh first let me let me say a few things about uh the coming the coming days. Brother Joel Galant from Quebec. He's going to be here next weekend. We're going to have him Sunday morning, Sunday night, and uh then the following Wednesday, I can't say enough about Brother Joel. He and I met each other at an outreach um uh outreach service in Quebec many years ago, and uh I think we immediately gained each other's respect. So, I'm really looking forward to hearing him. He uh he's a wonderful minister. And uh then we uh we have I want to announce it to the to the big group. We have on December 21st, we're going to have the evening of December 21st, we're going to have children's church. This is going to be devoted to the young ones, maybe 15 years old and younger. So, the kids, if if you have a scripture that you want to read, we'll have we'll have some stuff for um for uh the the the um schedule, but if you have a song that you want to sing, if you have a scripture that you want to read, this is going to be about the kids. Uh and that's going to be the Sunday, Sunday night, the 21st. It's a good time to for the kids to invite their friends. And uh Katie, maybe even you'll have a new one by then. Today's Katie's due date and she's playing the she's she's being uh taking care of us. Uh so yeah, so that's December 21st, the the evening, Sunday evening that's going to be devoted to the K the kids. Uh then the the Wednesday before that is going to be um December 17th, Joelle will be preaching that also, but we're going to have a different service on Wednesday. We are going to uh about a fire pit. We're going to have we'll probably we'll see how cold it is outside. We might have a short Bible lesson in here. And then we might go outside under the patio and just sing and fellowship with each other with guitars and we'll have some blankets if it's a little cold. We have heaters. Um I'm just looking forward to the fellowship just sitting around a fire. There's something about a campfire that's just it just produces fellowship and it produces joy. So, we'll be doing that on uh Wednesday the 17th. Joel will be uh handling the Bible study and everything that we're doing. Friends, if you'll notice, I sent out the schedule, the calendar for our our service schedule. If you notice, I've tried to take my name off of some of the services. And you can, Brother Brandham said, you can do pretty much anything too much except for pray too much. and I've been spending a lot of time in study and maybe my prayer life has suffered a little bit. So, with all the um new things that we're doing at church, I wanted to um take my name off of the schedule a little bit and devote that time that I would have been studying, devote that time to prayer. make sure that we are going in the right d direction because everything that we should be doing with the children's church which are with our Sunday morning service with if we're going to have Sunday night service if we're not going to have Sunday night service which I think tonight we're going to cancel Sunday night this this evening because we don't have the staff. We um we have we're about half staff and if something goes wrong, it's fine if everybody comes and we can we can worship together, but if something were to go wrong, we don't have the staff to take care of it. So whether it be in the back, we're short staffed with the uh audio, whether it be with the deacons and and the and the board there. So I just feel I wanted to have service tonight because I had some things I wanted on my heart. I wanted to to to say to preach on, but um we'll put it off. So, no service tonight. Brother John, don't get on me. Brother John, we love Brother John. He he told me, so he spent all months in the hospital and I got him and I was just loving on. Brother John loves me and I love him. And I went to visit him in the hospital and and he looked at me and he didn't smile, but he looked at me and he says, "Brother Daniel, the reason I'm in the hospital is because I broke my leg on a Sunday night when you canceled service. Don't clap. Sister Shirley, you started that clapping. I'm sorry, but Don't climb up any ladders this afternoon, okay? Everything that we're doing, friends, whether we have service, whether we don't have service, whether who's leading songs, the song choices that the worship leaders have, the who's playing the piano, who's playing the organ, and and what instruments we have here, our service schedule, everything is geared towards or should be geared towards fostering that personal relationship between all of us in this room and our Lord Jesus that is should be the meaning for everything and sometimes we get ourselves in the way and I really don't think I don't think that we are taking I don't think anyone is not just us but I don't think that we're taking heaven and hell seriously enough. I don't think we're taking the Bible seriously enough. I think it's a it's a dangerous time. The Bible says that in the last days, perilous times would come. And we are in those perilous times. And these teachings that we bring out, it's it's interesting what Jesus said and and his words are beautiful, but are we taking what he said and are we really applying them to our lives? That's the most important thing. And the the the words that I I'm saying when I read these scriptures, remember these are not my words. These are these are God's words that he chose men who were led by the Holy Spirit to record them in this in this book. And they're vitally important and they should be applied to our lives. I want to read something and I want to put it up on the screen. I'm going to read the New Living Translation. I want to read something Isaiah wrote. And this is this is a um it's it's a dialogue between the prophet Isaiah and God. Listen to this. Isaiah says this. Oh that you would burst down from the heavens and come down. How the mountains would quake in your presence as fire causes wood to burn and water to boil. Your coming would make the nations tremble. Then your enemies would learn the reason for your fame. When you came down long ago, you did awesome deeds beyond our highest expectations. And ho oh how the mountains quaked. For since the world began, no ear has heard and no eye has seen a God like you who works for those who wait for him. That's what Paul was was quoting when in that first scripture I read. Eye has not seen, ear has not heard. You welcome those who gladly do good, who follow godly ways, but you have been very angry with us. For we are not godly. We are constant sinners. How can people like us be saved? We are all infected and impure with sin. When we display our righteous deeds, they are nothing but filthy rags. Like autumn leaves, we wither and fall and our sins sweep us away like the wind. Yet no one calls on your name or pleads with you for mercy. Therefore, you have turned away from us and turned us over to our sins. And yet, Lord, you are our father. We are the clay and you are the potter. We are all formed by your hand. So don't be angry with us. Lord, please don't remember our sins forever. Look at us. We pray and see that we are all your people. Your holy cities are destroyed. Zion is a wilderness. Yes, Jerusalem is a desolate ruin. The holy and beautiful temple where our ancestors praise you praised you has been burned down and all the things of beauty are destroyed. And after all this, must you still refuse to help us? Will you continue to be silent and punish us? How many of us have prayed like that? As Isaiah is praying like, "Lord, where are you? Where are you in my life? Where is your healing? Where are your miracles?" Gideon, I believe it says, "If you're with us, then if God's with us, then where are all his miracles?" Then the Lord said, "I was ready to respond, but no one asked for help. I was ready to be found, but no one was looking for me. I said, "Here I am. Here I am to a to a nation that did not call on my name. All day long I opened my arms to a rebellious people. But they followed their own evil past and and their own crooked schemes. All day long they insult me to my face by worshiping idols in their sacred gardens. They burn incense on pagan altars. At night they go out among the graves worship worshiping the dead. They eat the flesh of pigs and make stews for other forbidden foods. Yet they say to each other, "Don't come too close or you will defile me. I am holier than you. These people are a stench in my nostrils, an acid smell that never goes away. Look at my decrees written out in front of me. I will not stand silent. I will repay them in full. Yes, I will repay them both for their own sins and for the sins of their ancestors, says the Lord. For they also burned incense on the mountains and insulted me on the hills. I will pay them back in full, God speaking, but I will not destroy them all, says the Lord. For just as good grapes are found among clusters of bad ones, and someone will say, "Don't throw them all away." Some of those grapes are good. So I will not destroy all Israel, for I still have true servants there. I'll skip down. Look, I am creating new heavens and and a new earth, and no one will even think about the old ones anymore. Be glad and rejoice forever in my creation. And look, I will create Jerusale Jerusalem as a place of happiness. Her people will be as a source of joy. I will rejoice over Jerusalem and delight in my people, and the sound of weeping and crying will be heard no more. I'll skip down. I will answer them before they even call to me. While they are still talking about their their needs, I will go ahead and answer their prayers. The wolf and the lamb will feed together. The lion will eat hay like a cow, like the ox, but the snake will eat dust. And in those days, no one will be hurt or destroyed on my holy mountain. I, the Lord, have spoken. This is what the Lord says. Heaven is my throne and earth is my foottool. Could you bring me a temple as good as that? Could you build me such a resting place? My hands have made both heaven and earth, and they and everything in them are mine. I, the Lord, have spoken. I will bless those who have a humble who have humble and contrite hearts who tremble at my word. The words of Isaiah chapter 64 and 65. Beautiful words. I think that we I think we take for granted what God's done for us. I think for we take for granted how great he is. We take for granted really his word. And if we really knew the importance and we really knew how his word is is going to bring us through, then I think that we would we would take it more seriously. Much of so much of our lives are spent really trying to impress other people. And it's just natural. We're human beings. We're social beings. So we maybe do our work, we do our things with the hope that someone else is going to see us, with the hope that someone else is going to maybe exalt us or someone else is going to pay us a compliment. And we we do these things not really to serve God, but we do these things really to exalt ourselves, promote ourselves, to make ourselves feel better. You know, look at look at social media. I mentioned this fairly often, but it's such a good example because everybody can see it. You know, you have we, you know, take a picture and it's like here I am reading my Bible, you know, here I am feeding the poor. Here I am doing this. And is it about the what you're doing or is about that you are doing it? If if really social media if if it's like no no it's about what I'm doing then put the picture that makes you look fat in there put the picture that makes you look bad in there. If it's not about you why not put that picture in there? &gt;&gt; But it becomes it does not that I want you to do that but it becomes it becomes about that. You know we we are we're social beings and we want to fit in. It's natural. We want respect. We want to fit in. We uh it might be fitting in at church. It it might be fitting in with with maybe a denomination or with our friends from school or whatever it is. But we make our decisions not necessarily for God, but how it makes us look and how it makes us feel. And there's it's not and it's not just in the religious realm. It's it's all over politics. There's that uh that woman from Georgia, the Congress lady that, you know, she's going to get primar. She's or she's bowed out because she fell out of graces maybe with the Republican party and she's doing everything that she could to get back in and and fall into line and and it's all about the status quo. There's this there's this guy the the senator in Pennsylvania, John Federman. I don't I don't agree with with his um stand with his liberal agenda, but I respect that man. He has stood on his own and had and has gone AC across the party line and said, you know what, there's certain things I don't agree with. So, I'm not I'm not going to stand on the Democrat party and follow along with this. I support Israel is one of those things. And he has stood against his whole party. And you think that he hasn't received criticism? You think it has been hard on him? But he's been willing to stand up. And then they asked him, "Well, you're standing against the Democrats." Well, why don't you switch parties to be a Republican? He says, "I would be a terrible Republican." He says, "I don't see things like them. I I it's that's not my that's not my philosophy." But he stands and he's a man. And I appreciate that. There's so little of that today. There's so little there so few people that will really stand on their convictions and whatever it might be and really stand and say, you know what, this is what's right. I don't care what my party says. I don't care what what my school says. I don't care what my family says. This is what's right and I'm going to stand on that. And there's it's such a a rare thing today. I was talking with a a sister, a lady, and uh she was involved in a situation at work where her boss was misappropriating the company money and that uh and she got put in a tough spot because she was an accountant for the company and and she was like, I don't know what to do because her boss's boss who her boss answered to now they got wind of some of this misappropriation and they came to to this sister and they're like hey what what are you going to do or or we we need some more information and when I saw her she was like you know what should I do on this now she's a person of very very high integrity so I I knew she was going to make the right decision in this I knew she was she was going to handle it right but what I told her was you do what's right you know you're not doing what's better for you because you have a good relationship with your boss and you don't want to sell your boss down the road. Of course, you don't want to do that. But then you don't also want to do it because you don't want to maybe see an opportunity that if your boss gets canned now, you can maybe move up. You don't look at yourself in all of this. You look at the situation and you say, "Okay, what is right? What is required of me? What's the honest thing to do?" And then you do that. And it's so hard for us to take ourselves out of the equation. It's so hard for us to not think about how is this going to affect me? The Apostle Paul, tremendous man, his friends were Pharisees. And when he made his stand, they wanted to kill him. They hated him so much. They they just they wanted to they wanted to arrest him. And because he he stood up against them. Even Peter his now he's now Paul becomes a Christian. He stood up against pe against Peter and said no Peter you're wrong. You've done this. So now he's the Pharisees hate him. And now he's got over here he's got Peter that he's at odds with. And over here in James when James sends people down to bring legalism to his new converts in Galatia he stands against James. He says no this is wrong too. Paul was willing to stand. He didn't align himself with anyone. He aligned himself with Christ and with the Bible and he didn't care. &gt;&gt; And that was a man that would do that. But it's so rare that people will do it. They will they'll stand up. And even in his trial before Felix, Paul's arrested and they hate him and they're they want to kill him. And he comes before the governor and he says, you know, Felix, he says, I I, you know, I agree with the Pharisees on the resurrection. You know, I didn't I didn't They're accusing me of being against Moses. I'm not against Moses. I'm not against the law. I'm not against the prophets. He says, I'm not against any of that. He says they they've accused me. He says, "One time I got into it and I raised my voice. I yelled at this guy." He says, "Yeah, I I did that, but I'm just I'm not against anyone." And he says, he says this in Acts 24:14, speaking speaking to the governor, he says, "But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they called heresy," these are the people that were his friends. after the way that they call a cult. So worship I the God of my fathers. He says, "Believing all things which are written in the law and the prophets." He says, "I believe the prophets. I believe the law, but just because I stand up for this man, Jesus Christ, they're trying to kill me for it." Thess here's here's what I'm here's what I am. I stand for this word. And Paul stood alone. But God honored Paul's stand. And we have these these letters in our Bible that Paul wrote. I had a dream um two days ago. And uh don't get weird and try to interpret my dream. I just so so often you know say a dream and it's automatically as a spiritual thing. It's I just it's good for the story. It's good for the subject. All right. I was dreamed. I was I was in this place and and there was all of these like ministers and all all of these these people around and I was sitting in the back row and people started as I was sitting there people around me my friends they started picking up their chairs and moving to another place in the room. And I was sitting there I was kind of feeling bad. I was like, "Oh, you know, the first one when you did I was like, "Oh, that's no big deal. It's he just wanted to sit over on the other side." And then one after one after one, and all of a sudden I'm there. I'm by myself. And the man behind me in the dream was in charge. And he was kind of disgusted at what everybody was doing and trying to to move away from me because I was I was standing for what what I knew was right. I don't even remember what what what the subject was, but they were they were just moving away from me and he was kind of disgusted and I heard him mumbling under his breath. I was like, what are they doing? You know, this is rude. And then I thought, well, he will come and he'll set his chair beside me and and then that'll uh that'll show that, hey, I'm not such a bad guy. And then he didn't do it. And then I then I woke up and like I said, don't please don't try to interpret my dream. It just it fits with the story. And I woke up and I was feeling bad. I was feeling like, man, if I could just change this a little bit or change that a little bit, then I could fit in with all of all of these brothers. And it the thought was and I'm sure many of you have been there. Probably all of you have been there. It's like do I compromise on something that I know is right and fit in or do I say no? I I I'm not against anybody like Paul did in the scripture, but I'm going to stand on my convictions. what do I do? And that's the place that I was when I when I woke up and and I thought maybe this is this is for this sermon. Maybe it just kind of gives me a little bit more understanding and and I had that feeling. It's like I felt bad. And it's when people when they feel sorry for you, you know, we all want to fight. It's like, I'll get in the scriptures and I'll, you know, we'll go back and forth and I'll prove this and and then I'm gonna show you in the in the Bible over here where it says this and and get in that fight and it never works out that way. You'll never convince anyone in doing that. But when somebody feels sorry for you and they look down on you and they're like, "Oh, poor brother Heath, you know, he's just he's just he just doesn't understand. He just doesn't get it. He just doesn't have the revelation." or poor brother Manny. That's what makes you feel bad. That's what really hurts. And that's where I was. That's where Paul is in all of this. But he made a stand. &gt;&gt; And that stand is a very very difficult one to stand for what is right. Now, we've been in the the sermon on the mount. And I want to get back into that in in Matthew chapter 6, and we'll we'll start right there where Jesus is addressing this very thing. that when you do things, you don't do things to impress someone else. You don't do do something that you might get compliments. When you invite those things, Jesus is going to say, he says, "You have your reward there." But God wants us, God wants to reward us. Let's read it. Matthew chapter 6. We'll start with verse one and then I'll I'll read I'll read uh all the way down to about verse 18 and then we'll come back and get into it. Matthew chapter 6 vers1 it says this. Take heed that you do not your alms before men to be seen of them. Otherwise you have no reward of your father which is in heaven. Alms are charitable deeds. Therefore, when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues, and in the streets, that they might that they may have glory of men. Verily, I say say unto you, they have their reward. But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth, that thy alms may be in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to pray, standing in the synagogues, and on the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into the closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to the Father which is in secret, and thy father which is which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly. But when ye pray, use not vain repetition as the heathen do, for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be not ye therefore like them. For your father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask them. That's a &gt;&gt; good one right there. Let's skip uh then he goes into the Lord's prayer. Here's how you pray, but let's skip down to verse 16. We'll uh we'll get to the Lord's prayer on the following service. Moreover, verse 16, moreover, when you fast, be not as the hypocrites of sad countenance, for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou fasteth, anoint thy head, and wash thy face, that thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. So really, this whole this whole section of the sermon on the mount is telling us to check our motives and everything that we're doing, especially in our religious practices. All right, are you with me? There's three things that Jesus says here. He mentions giving to the poor. He mentions praying. And he mentions fasting. Now notice in each case he says when you give to the poor when you pray, when you fast. So this isn't a a lesson from Jesus about giving. This isn't a lesson about about praying. It's not a lesson about fasting. He's assuming that we already do these things, right? So he's saying that when you do these things. It's a lesson about really why are you giving? Why are you praying? And make sure that you're not doing it to promote yourself. Make sure you're not doing it outwardly for everybody else to see. And there is a reward involved in all of this. And we we really we don't want to miss. So this is a simple lesson from Jesus and we don't want we we do it's it may be simple but it is very very important. It's even life and death as we're going to see that a husband and a wife made the mistake of not listening to this and they lost their lives for it. God himself killed them. So let's go to um let's skip down. Let's let's start with with this. Let's go to verse one again. And it says this. It says, "Take heed that you do not your arms before men to be seen of them. Otherwise, you have no reward of your father which is in heaven." English standard version says, "Beware of practicing your righteousness before other people in order to be seen by them. For then you will have no reward from your father who is in heaven." Again, this is a warning to all of us. But you'll notice he says to do these things in secret, but it seems to contradict with the the beginning or when we started on the sermon on the mount with something else Jesus said. Now, this is just a few minutes after Jesus said this in Matthew chapter 5. Again, sermon on the mount. He's on the side of the hill. Sea of Galilee is over here. his his disciples are out there in front of him and there's probably other people that are listening to this. Now listen to Matthew chapter 5 verse 14 and he says this. You are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill that can't be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick and it giveth light to all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. So over here he's saying hey do these things in in private and over here he's saying hey do them outward so everyone can see them. But what he's the the meaning behind this is he's saying check your motives. Are you practicing your religion to impress someone? Or are you worried about someone looking down on on you? Is that the purpose of of your religion? Or are you really trying to serve God? Is is he the one that you're trying to impress? Is he the one that you're trying to serve? the whole sermon on the mount, if you haven't got the the theme here, it's to get away from legalism and to get to for the word to touch the inward person, that inward human being. The outside is something different than the inside. And he's constantly Jesus is constantly telling us that yeah outwardly adulter adultery but inwardly you're still lusting. You're still guilty. So and here's the again the theme right here. Why are you doing this? Why are you praying? Are you doing it for someone else so you can tell someone you prayed? Are you really doing it to be closer to God? So he's saying that if you're looking at someone's outwards appearance or how someone reads their Bible or their ability to pray in public or any type of outwardly outward um expression of religion that someone else can see that he says you're you're just not you're not getting it. You're not understanding this whole thing. He's not saying that giving and prayer and fasting he's not saying that that's not important. But what he is saying is that when you serve God, there is there's a benefit for it from it. There's something that you're going to get. You don't you're not it's not a deal that you're making with God, but you're approaching God for a reason. And he's saying that if you're showing everyone all that you're doing, you've rewarded yourself. You've already given yourself a reward. So God can't give you another reward for what for what you've already given yourself. And God wants to when you pray or when you do arms, you want the person to you want your prayer to be answered and then that's that can be your reward. Let's keep going. Therefore, when thou doest thine arms, do not sound a trumpet as the hypocrites do in the synagogues in the streets. They may they may have the glory of men. Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But when thou doest arms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand's doing, that thine arms may be in secret, and the Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrite are, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners, that they may be seen of men, but verily I say that they have their reward. and especially this one. But when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to the father which is in secret, and the father which is in father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. What is the ultimate reward for prayer? What's the ultimate reward when you pray for your children? What's the ultimate reward when you pray for a job? What's the ultimate reward that God would give you if you're young? a husband or a wife, why do you pray that God reveals his word to you? What is the ultimate reward for prayer? Not a hard question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That you receive what you ask for. And here if you're standing on the street corner and you're praying or if you want to come into the pullpit, you want everybody to see how eloquent you are when you're when you're praying or or you want you're ministering and you want to you want everybody to see how you just know the Bible so well and you're rightly dividing the scriptures. You have your reward. That's what you cared about. you cared that other people would look at you. But God has a far greater reward and that you would be answered, &gt;&gt; that you would see those sincere results. And when God hears the sincere prayer, then he answers that sincere prayer. But when you pray, use not vain repetitions as the heathen issue, for they think that they shall be heard for their much much speaking. So don't don't use pre-anned prayers, you know, it's it's that that don't come from your from your heart. You know, the Hail Marys, the uh the the constant repetition, praying over and over. He says, don't don't do that because because that doesn't mean anything to God. Paul sought the Lord when he had the thorn in his flesh flesh. He sought the Lord three times for something that bothered him literally every day of his life. He said that it was a messenger of Satan that constantly beat on him. It was over and over. And in the end, what happened? God told Paul, he said that this is best for you, Paul. He said, "Really?" And if you if you read it, it's like Paul, if you wouldn't have had this, you'd have got puffed up. It' have been more about Paul than it was about me. So this messenger of Satan that was buffeting Paul the thorn in his flesh, it was a gift to Paul that he would stay down to earth and still be a man and still rely on the Lord. Let's um let's move let's move uh let's let's go to Ananas and Safh to close. So when when we pray, when we fast, when we especially when we give alms, when we give charity, when we make an offering, we do this because we're serving God. And if if we do it for ourselves, then we are accepting a reward. And God's not going to reward us twice. He's going to say, "Okay, well, you have your reward. You took it out of my hands. You didn't get it. I wanted to take care of you. I wanted to do it, but you did this. This wasn't me. So, we have this man named Barnabas in the book of Acts chapter 4. He's generally thought of to be a wealthy man. This is a perfect example of how important the sermon on the mount is. And how important of these little things that I'm saying and applying them to our lives, it could be death, the difference between death and life. Barnabas is generally thought of to be a wealthy man and uh he shows up on the scene the book of acts he wasn't a disciple necessarily when he's the original but uh he traveled with Paul he traveled with John Mark and the bible the book of acts mentions him fairly often acts 4:36 and Joseph which is Joseph who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas which is being in interpreted the son of consolation. New new King James says the son of encouragement, a Levite and and of the country of Cyprus, having land sold it and brought the money and laid it at the apostles feet. All right? So, there's no record really of Barnabas telling anybody about it. He he saw the need to make this donation. So, he sold this land and he gave the money. We don't even know if he gave all of the money, but what we do know is he gave what he obligated to give and it was probably the whole thing. He saw a need, sold this land, he gives it to the work of the Lord. So Luke, who is the author of Acts, he recognizes Barnabas as having done a very generous thing. And imagine when we get awards, maybe some people in the office, you you might get a cash award or you might get some some sort of non-monetary award. Sometimes an award means a whole lot more if it's something lasting like a plaque that you put up on your um on your wall or whatever. They're having the the Kennedy Center Awards for the highest lifetime achievement for an artist. I don't know if you've seen that in the news. the president of the United States chairs the the committee. Um the uh it's George Strait, Sylvester Salone, Jean Simmons from KISS and and a few others and and this is a this would be their lifetime achievement award. This is this is a big deal. So they they've been nominated by this. They can't give the award to themselves else it would be nothing. But someone else gives them this. And Jesus is saying when he's talking to he's talking on the sermon on the mount. He's saying that when you when you give this to yourself, you're nominating yourself. You're bragging on yourself and you you receive this recognition. Barnabas just received this recognition from the author of Acts. And now he's eternally in God's word. You talk about a plaque you can put on the wall. That's a big one for Barnabas. So let's keep going. He saw a need. He made the sacrifice. But let's keep reading. Acts chapter 5 verse one. But a certain man named Ananas with Safh his wife sold the possession and kept back part of the price. His wife also being privy to it and and brought a certain part and laid it at the apostles feet. But Peter said, "Ananas, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost and to keep back part of the price of the land? While it remained? Was it not your own? Was it not thine own? And after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? Why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? Thou hast lied. Thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God. So Ananas represented himself as someone that gave more than he really did. He presented this money and I'm sure he was like, "Hey, you know, Safire and I, you know, we're going to make this big donation to the church." And he tells everybody and then it became about Ananas and Safh and not about the work that he was supporting. You see, are you with me? Very seems like a small thing, but it meant life and death to these two people. So Peter, he says, he says, "Hey, Ananas," he says he knew the sermon on the mount. And I'm sure Ananas probably did too. Peter was there when Jesus preached, "Hey, don't misrep. Don't don't misrepresent yourself. Don't say that you're giving more money than you are. Don't do your your arms in front of everybody because you you lose your reward." Then Peter knew. So Peter, I think out of kindness, he goes to Ananas and he says, "Hey man, are you sure you did this? Are you sure?" And Ananas, if he would have just said, "You know what? We sold we sold it for 50 grand. We kept we kept 10 grand. That's why we only gave you 40. You know, I shouldn't have said that. I told I told everybody. It would have been embarrassing to Ananas." But he didn't say that. He says, "No, I gave you all of the money." And Ananas, let me read what Peter said again. Whilst it remained, was it not thine own? And after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? Why hast thou conceived this this thing in thine heart? Thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God. He's saying, listen, you bragged, but this is a religious thing. Ananas, you are lying to God about this. This isn't telling a white lie to your friend. This is this is giving to the church. This is this is exactly what Jesus said, "Don't do and now you're doing it." And Ananas hearing these words fell down and gave up the ghost. He died right on the spot. And great fear came on all of them that heard this. So then they pack him out. Then Safh, his wife, she comes in and Peter's like, "I'll give her a chance too. Saf, did you sell the land for this much?" She's like, "Oh yeah, we did. We did." And then she kills over. She dies because she again lied to God. Right there. a perfect example of Jesus in saying these things. You might you might not think it's a big deal. Don't do your alms before man. Oh yeah, you know that's that's we shouldn't do that. They died. It killed them because they broke that. And how how important should we make it? How how much should we try to do our best to do what Jesus did on the sermon on the on the mount and wherever the Bible says it could be life and death and it's even more than life and death friends this is our salvation say it's not important it is important it's very important God took it personally when they lied God Jehovah it wasn't like you or me getting offended He took it personally and he struck them dead. The worship team can come and we'll close. I look at a lot of these like YouTube prophets and people that we might even know. They claim to have this gift of prophecy and they may have a gift but so but many times they're they will say oh the Lord's telling me this and this and this and this and and say it for you and they're exalting themselves for this and they are walking the same line that Ananas and Safara walked. You see them on on YouTube. You you hear about them. People that we know claiming to have these gifts. Why? Not because it is a blessing to the congregation, but they're promoting themselves. The very same spirit of Ananas and Safh. We've walked that line. And now they're not sinning necessarily against the people, but they're sinning against God. They're lying and they're promoting themselves going exactly against this sermon on the mount. Do you see how important it is? Do you see how important the words of Jesus are? And it's important that we want to know the mysteries. But one of the mysteries that I don't understand is why aren't more people preaching about this? Why aren't more people telling the congregations, be careful with this stuff? Jesus promised that this these things would happen in the last days. And here we are. You need to walk this line because your life may depend on it and your salvation may depend on it. As I was praying about this and just examining myself like Lord, how many times do I fail in this and by your mercy that you have you have have forgiven me and now here I am and I want to present this to the church and say listen you all this these are the words of life and death. Just this very simple sermon that Jesus preached, it meant it meant a whole lot. This scripture came to my mind. Ezekiel chapter 33 verse one. Again, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Son of man, speak to the children of my people, and say unto them, when I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchmen, if when he seeth the sword come upon the land, so he's st he's up in a tower and he's watching and he sees an invading army. army coming out here. When he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blows a trumpet and he warns the people. Then soever hears the sound of the trumpet and taketh not warning, if the sword come and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. What I'm saying is, so the pastor is saying, friends, we got to dig into this. We got to take this stuff seriously because our lives and our salvation depends on it. It's not just something that you read. It's vital. And I'm trying to do that. And whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet and take not warning, if the sword come and taketh him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. So they didn't listen to the watchman when he was crying out like, "Hey, be careful. Here comes the devil. Then whosoever he hearth the sound of the trumpet and taketh not warning, if the sword come and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. He heard the sound of the trumpet and took not warning, his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul. So he heard the watchman was saying, "Hey, be careful with this. Be careful about doing your arms in front of people. Be careful about praying and and and and and drawing attention to yourself. Be careful about these things. All right? And then he took warning and he survived. But if a watchman see the swords coming and blows not the trumpet and the people be not warned then if the sword comes and take any person from among them he is taken away in his iniquity the watchman is and his blood will I require at the watchman's hands. So if we don't warn, if the ministry doesn't warn the congregation of these things and warn ourselves, I mean, when I'm reading these things, I'm preaching to myself, too, then that minister will be responsible. But if you put out the warning and you and you encourage the people, please don't do this, then you've done your job. And with this sermon on the mount, I hope you understand that these are vital things that Jesus is telling us. He goes to the biatitudes, the blessings. He tells us that we should be a light to the world, that we should be representing him. And then he says, now listen, be warned. his first words here. He says, "Take heed that you don't do your arms before men to be seen of them." He said, "Take heed that when you pray, you go into your closet. You're doing it to please God." And it's everything that we do, friends. Every move that we make, everything that we say, every social media post that we we post, make sure it is to lift up someone else or to lift up God. Because if we are lifting ourselves up, then we automatically we give ourselves a reward. And it didn't work out so well with Ananas and Safh. Amen. You with me? So take heed on these things, Daniel. You are here in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. And you are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you and you are here. You're moving in our midst and I worship you. I worship you that you are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here. You're touching every heart and I worship you. Oh, I worship you that you are here. You're healing every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. And you are. that you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here. You're turning lives around. I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here. You men in every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. For you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are. And you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Let's all stand. I do believe that God wants people to stand up for what's right. Like the Apostle Paul, he stood and he had everybody against him, but God was for him. And even him, he had this thorn in his flesh that buffeted him. And the Lord answered so sweetly. He said, "Paul," he said, "my grace is sufficient for you." And he he struggled with it with us. We've got to stand, friends. We've got to stand for what's right. This word, what we heard today in these things that Jesus told us, they could be the difference between death and hell and heaven and life. They could be the difference between those. It's the words of Jesus Christ. And it's beautiful. Ananas and Safh made the wrong choice. something so simple, so little as that. Jesus, how sweet he is to warn us of these things, to tell us, "Hey, listen. It's not about you. It's about me." Because he is the one, Jesus is the one that really did. He saved us from our sins. He He made a way for us. And if we make it about us, then we have our reward. But if we make it about him, then we receive his reward, which is eternal life, joy. I read that scripture in um believe it was first Corinthians earlier. Eyes not seen and ears not heard. The joy that he has prepared for those that love him. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, Lord, it's it's a frightening thing reading your word and seeing I'm sure all of us can see how much we fall short with these things. But Lord, we pray that you can look past our outward flesh and that Lord that you would see that in our hearts there's a desire, Father, just to serve you. Lord, if that desire isn't in place in those that are here, any of them that are here this morning or anyone that might be listening on, Lord, we pray that you would soften that heart. And father that that we would be able to accept your correction, accept your word. And Lord, everything that we do, we want to lift you up and praise you and point to you and say, "I I am a failure. I am weak, but he is strong." Lord, help us. Bless us, Father. Bless all those that are out this morning, sick or traveling. May your hand be upon them. And Lord, prepare us for the week to come. May we stand strong, Father, standing for you in Jesus name. Amen. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're never stop. You never stop. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. He is. He's a way maker. &gt;&gt; And let me tell you, I got to admit, confess your faults one to another. And I know I do it a lot. I uh last night I was studying on this in the story of Ananas and Safire and how Jesus was was telling us and I stood up in my office and I said, "Lord, I'm guilty. I'm guilty. this little thing that they did. I'm guilty of so much more. Lord, thank you for your grace. Thank you for your mercy on me, Lord. I'm sorry. Yeah. And all of us, we've all received his grace. &gt;&gt; We've all received it. Lord, thank you. Thank you for not letting me suffer the same as Ananas and Safara did, but thank you for recording it. So now I can look and I can say, "Lord, I don't want to be that. &gt;&gt; I want to be just, Lord, I just want to be a simple man that loves you, that that serves you, that thanks you for everything and and that's appreciative. Lord, I'm sorry, but you're great. You just you took it all away and you saved me and and he did for every all of us. It's important. Feels good. Oh, all of my sins. I just I hate to do it, but I just take them and I lay them down on him. And those hands were nailed to the cross because of me. I mean, I'm not saying it's because of you. I'm saying it's because of me. And if I was the only one &gt;&gt; that he would have died, if I was the only one that needed redemption, he'd have done it for me. And he He He did it for you. Did it for all of us. And he was the one that could do it. And all of these sins. I just Lord, I'm sorry. Like I did last night. Sorry. Here's more. I did it. Oh, by the grace of God, he wanted me to be in heaven. He wanted me to be with him. And it's not because I chose him. He chose me and I'm going to grab a hold of him. Brother Manny, I'm never going to let go. Hold on to his feet and say, "Lord, like I believe it was Ruth and Boaz, wherever you go, I go. I don't want to I don't want to go anywhere where but where you go, Lord, and let me be a man to stand up for what you've done. Let me be a man to stand up for this man named Jesus Christ. Even though my family may forsake me, even though my friends, even though I might suffer at work, Lord, I want to be the best person I can. I want to be honest. I want to handle everything right. But when it comes down to it and those chairs start to be taken out, Lord, I will I will stand right there with you. And even if it's at the end, if it's just you and me, at least it's going to be you. At least you'll be there. And at least I'll be with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, friends. As a reminder, no service tonight. I'll put it um I'll send it out and I'll change the um the calendar. God bless you. &gt;&gt; I sought the Lord &gt;&gt; and he answered me &gt;&gt; and he delivered me from every fear. And those who look on him are rad. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard her. and he saved me from all my enies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. Oh yeah. He will deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Don't fear the Lord. Oh, all you say he give you everything and he'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Together all glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. And let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense strip. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Everending praise may our ines. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incit rise and let us bless the Lord every day and night. neverending praise. May our ines rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come, exalt his name. And together all glorify the Lord with me and call exalt his name forever. Amen. You like old songs? That one's like over 3,000 years old. Sister Susan, from some of your ancestors, the Jewish people. David wrote that song. And isn't it neat? And we're still singing it. Wow. The anointing of the Lord. I don't know how it sounded when it first when it first uh was sang. in Hebrew, so I wouldn't have understood it, but it sounds really, really good in English in the way we sing it today. God bless you, friends. I pray that God's with you. And I was a lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. And sin is separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you you made a way across the great divide. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hope. And thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And you took my place inside my tomb. You were buried for 3 days, but then you walked right out again. And death has no sting. And life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. And thank you Jesus for the blood of life. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls the sons and daughters. We are ransom by our father through the blood. The blood. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through the blood. the blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Glory to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. And there to my heart was the blood of gloryy to his name. And down at the cross where my savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. And there to my heart was the blood of my gloryy to his name. save from sin. I am so glad I have there. Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. And gloryy to his name. And there to my heart was the blood of God. And gloryy to his name. Oh yeah. Oh. Hallelujah. Come on. Hey. Hey.
