################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-13 - The Life of King Saul Pt5 - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-13
Title:   The Life of King Saul Pt5
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75Qzdp-1r3k
========================================

[Music] I like that song. Wow, what a spirit. Someone's praying. Lord, come by here. Let's bow our heads. Dear God, do love those words. Someone's praying. Lord, come by here. Father, with the prayer requests that went forward earlier, Lord, we lift our prayers up as with many others have lifted up their prayers and we ask that you would come on the scene. Meet the needs of those, Father, that have a need. Bless us tonight, Lord, we pray. Give me wisdom, Father, as I expound upon this man, King Saul, that you chose to lead the people of Israel, the first king. Father, give me wisdom. I pray. Bless our service in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you, Lily. Good to have you back. God bless you, Sister Hope. Thank you. Beautiful song once again. Sean, God bless you. Welcome. It's good to see you. I uh I always I asked when Sean walked in earlier, I uh I asked him, "Brother, could you sing for us?" I just when the young man sings, I I can feel it just comes from his heart. And so, I appreciate you singing and appreciate you visiting with us tonight, Brother Sean. here. Um, known Sean for a little while now, a friend of my son Daniels. God bless you. It's It's good to have you in service. We uh what we do on Wednesday night is we have a Wednesday night Bible study where I like to go through read a lot from the Bible and just teach. And the Bible's so it's so good. I mean, a lot of times it just teaches itself. All you have to do is just read it and then it's just like, wow, this is just amazing. What I've been doing is going through the life and I would like to finish up tonight going up through the life of this man, King Saul. He was the first king of Israel. And what is it? Have Have you all enjoyed this with this King Saul? Have what is it about him that that's really touched you in in learning about him? Do you have you learned anything about him &gt;&gt; that has helped? &gt;&gt; But uh brother Silas, what have you learned from him? &gt;&gt; Brother Silas said he's seen some of his faults. To me, this man Saul is a very relatable character. Wow. I see a lot of my own weaknesses and other people's weaknesses in this man. He do you remember what tribe he was from? &gt;&gt; Benjamin. &gt;&gt; Benjamin. Yeah. Came from really what Saul called really the most humble tribe. It was a small tribe of the 12 tribes of Israel. And Saul was he was a very kingly looking man. He was taller than everybody else. good-looking guy, wellspoken, and he was he started out good. The the people of Israel wanted somebody to lead him into battle after Samuel Samuel was getting old and they saw that his offspring, they weren't anywhere close to the character that Samuel the prophet was. Samuel the prophet was the last in the line of judges and uh and one of the greatest prophets that's in the entire Bible led the uh the people of Israel really led them very wisely and he was getting old. His children weren't the character that that Samuel was. So the people of Israel wanted a king. They saw all the other nations out there and they said that they were afraid of the Philistines and the Amalachites and the Amorites and all these ones that were around that would have loved to have their land. They wanted someone to lead them into battle. And who better than this big giant broadshouldered man named Saul. He was exactly what they wanted. But God wanted really he wanted the people he God wanted the people to rely on him &gt;&gt; and not on someone else not on a man but he wanted the people to pray and he wanted the people to trust in the Lord and have faith in the Lord. But he gave them like so often God gives us what we want many times even if it's not what we need. And that's that's what happened with this man. Although he was the the greatest and he was God's choice for king, Samuel the prophet, God sent Samuel to anoint him and uh he became king and the people were very happy. They were very proud of Saul. And Saul started out really well, very brave in battle. He was able to actually unify all of the 12 tribes together for the first time and they went they went to battle and and they won their battle and Saul showed all the way up until he died. Saul showed that he is a was a great military leader and he he just he he started out he had compassion on the people. He had wisdom. He was, the Bible says, and this is very important, he was small in his own sight. And when Saul began to lose that is when Saul began to fail. But but Samuel tells him, he said, 'You were great when you were little in your own sight, but now you're starting to develop these bad traits. So Saul made some hasty decisions, made made quite a few mistakes, and brother Silas, that's where I see myself. It's like these were some of the easiest decisions that to make a mistake on. and Saul made made the mistakes and really the straw that broke the camel's back was when God tells Samuel to tell Saul to go to to make ready for this battle. But before they go to battle often they would make a sacrifice to God. So Saul tell or Samuel tells Saul he says listen I'm going to come before you go to battle with the Amalachites I'm going to come I am going to make the sacrifice wait for me and when you go you kill every man woman child donkey everything. Kill every last thing and and leave nothing alive. So Saul, they made ready for the battle and I believe it was seven days and seven days came and seven days went and the prophet Samuel didn't show up. So Saul says, "Well, what I'll do, we got to make a sacrifice we before we go to battle. So what I'll do is I will just make the sacrifice and then we will go to battle. So as so Saul makes the sacrifice and and they they they mess up there and Saul ends up not killing all of these Amalachites. Samuel shows up and he says, "What's the sound of these sheep I hear?" And Saul's like, "Oh, well, here's what happened. The people wanted to keep some of the livestock, some of the good ones. We killed all the people, most of the people. And we killed all the livestock, most of the livestock, but we just kept the good ones to make sacrifices." And Samuel said, 'No, I told God told you to kill every single one.' And he said, 'Well, we didn't. And what probably happened is Saul felt the pressure from the people so they could keep some of the livestock, some of the good livestock. And then Saul did not kill this Amalachite king named Aag. And Samuel ends up doing what God said, killing all of the people, killing all the livestock, and then killing this man Aag. And that was really the last straw. And let's let's read it. 1st Samuel chapter 15 verse number three. And it says this 1st Samuel 15. Yeah. Verse three. There we go. Now go and smite Amalcch, the Amalachites, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not, but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. So Saul killed most most of the people and he did mostly what God said, but he did not finish the job as I said. And then 1st Samuel 15 ends like this. And we talked about this in the in the last Bible study on Saul. And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death. Nevertheless, Samuel mourned for Saul. And the Lord repented that he had made Saul king over Israel. It's 1st Samuel 15:35. Now God's focus turned from this king Saul. turned to this young man, the son of of Jesse named David. We won't spend much time on this because Lyle focused on David and and I am focusing on Saul. But it uh the Lord starts to turn his eyes towards David. And let's read what happens here as as Samuel anoints David because I think it's important for Saul. Let's go to chapter 16 verse number one. And the Lord said unto Samuel, "How long will thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? Fill thine horn with oil, and go. I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have provided me a king among his sons." And Samuel said, "How can I go? If Saul hear it, he will kill me." And the Lord said, "Take a hepher with thee and say, I have I am come to sacrifice the Lord." You know, I read this and how many times have I read the Bible and being been very surprised at how God handles the situation? So, he tells Samuel, he says, "Go and anoint this this son of Jesse." And then Samuel's like, "But wait a minute, Lord. if I go, Saul will know that I'm up to something that he doesn't want me to do and he's going to kill me. So, you would just think that God would say, "Well, just go. I'll protect you." But he doesn't say that. He says, "No." He says, "Go and take a calf, a cow, and go like you're going to make a sacrifice and that you're going to get Jesse to to sacrifice with you." God doesn't say do do things like we think he should do him, &gt;&gt; you know. But he did protect Samuel &gt;&gt; and he said, "Now go like this and make this sacrifice." And then if Saul sees you going, it's like, "Oh, he's a priest. He's doing his thing. He's just going and making the sacrifice. So then he goes, but one thing here that you don't see in the scriptures until this point, and that is Samuel now has a fear of Saul. So something is happening that isn't written in the Bible that Samuel sees and he sees this change in this man Saul to where now he has become dangerous and he says if I go Saul's going to kill me which is something we haven't seen yet but now we are starting to see this spirit rise up in this King Saul and there's really the first hint that we have that I've seen in the scriptures. So, let's keep going. Let's go to um let's read verse number two again. And Samuel said, "How can I go if Saul Saul hear it? They he will kill me." And the Lord said, "Take a heer with thee, and say, I am come to sacrifice to the Lord, and call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I will show thee what thou shalt do, and thou shalt anoint unto me him whom I name unto thee." Again, he doesn't tell his prophet who to anoint. He just goes and says, "It's going to be one of these sons of this man, Jesse." And Samuel did that which the Lord spake and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled at his coming and said, "Comest thou peaceibly." And he said peaceibly again. So we see this top man in the whole country coming to this town and they're like, "Uhoh, Samuel's coming. Is Is there something wrong? Are we all going to die? Is Saul mad? What's going on? And Samuel's like, "No, I come peaceably. I come to sacrifice unto the Lord." Remember what the Lord told him to bring the hepher? Sanctify yourselves and come with me to the sacrifice. And he sanctified Jesse and his sons and called them to the sacrifice. Now, the prophet goes through seven of Jesse's sons from the bestlooking and the most kingly all the way down to one that wasn't even there. Let's let's go to verse number 11 for time's sake. So, he goes through all these seven sons and it's like, "Wow, this one looks great. Lord didn't want him." And then he goes all the way down. And Samuel said to Jesse, "Are here all thy children?" And he said, "There remainth yet one, the young, yet the youngest, and behold, he keepeth a sheep." And Samuel said unto Jesse, "Send and fetch him, for we will not sit down until he comes." And he sent and brought him in. Now he was ruddy. And with all of a beautiful countenance, you know what ruddy means? means like red complexed. Yeah. Means like lighter like a pinkish complexion and uh so he he brings him in and now he was ready and with all beautiful countenance and goodly to look at. So David was a nicel looking young man. And the Lord said, "Arise and anoint him for this is he." And Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brethren. And the spirit of the Lord came upon David for that from that day forward. So Samuel rose up and went to Rama. So this is a amazing moment right here. From this time the young man David had the spirit of the Lord upon him. And about the same time the opposite happened to King Saul. We'll get to we'll get to that in a moment. So Saul, we we saw that hint that Samuel said, "Well, he's going to kill me." So we see that there's some sort of a jealousy in this man Saul because and then we're going to see it as we go through the the rest of First Samuel that this jealousy just overtook Saul. And if you this jealousy, friends, that's a it's a hard spirit. When when someone has that spirit of jealousy, let's say they have a a jealous spirit for their husband or for their wife, they don't trust their husband or their wife, and they start to fight. They start to argue. And what it does is that jealousy then produces a a strife in the family. Or it could be between friends. they're they're jealous of of somebody getting more attention or whatever it is that spirit comes in and it causes division and then it compounds what if there was a small problem at the beginning then it makes that problem a lot worse and then that jealousy could actually bring to pass the greatest fear that the person has. So, you see how the enemy gets in here and pretty soon I'm going to answer this question about how an evil spirit came from God. And we'll see how this evil spirit can come in and just do all kinds of damage. So, we see the biggest problem with with all of this so far is not Saul's mistakes, but he's going to allow this spirit that's been troubling him to take root and dominate his life. We hear about complexes and we hear about people we know people that really just struggle with just relationship relationships and that when you finally give into that spirit that causes that problem then your problems just multiply and get really bad. But if you can overcome that spirit, &gt;&gt; then you see that even though it's it's very hard sometimes, you see that that spirit will leave and then things will things will get better. And and this is very very evident, very evident in this very relatable character called Saul. So what Saul does, he allows this evil spirit to come in. He took the easy way. And isn't it strange that the easy way is always to give in to temper, to give in to jealousy, to give in to rage, to give in to gossip? Why is it that those are It's so easy to do that, but it's so hard to overcome it. But overcoming it is the right thing to do. I quote Revelation chapter 2 and three often. To him that overcomes will I give the gift of the age. It's the harder thing. And this is the thing that you will see that Saul did not do. He he just didn't battle it. He didn't overcome it. He gave in to the spirit. When we stop resisting and give into that spirit, then that spirit enters our lives and then it ruins our lives. It can ruin a relationship. It just ruins everything when we give in. And we should know it. When you have that bad feeling, that angry feeling or whatever our weaknesses, we all have them. When that spirit starts to come in and we allow it in, that's when we lose. Amen. &gt;&gt; But when we fight it, &gt;&gt; we can we can become victorious. James 4:7 says, "Resist the devil and he will flee from you." &gt;&gt; Saul no longer does this as we'll soon find out and misery just enters into his life. So again, there's no happiness in an evil spirit even though it's so easy to give into it. Jealousy, lust so common in today, hatred, resentment, critical natures that just criticizes everything. Those friends, that's not happiness. Even though it's so easy to give into that spirit, it's not happiness. If you overcome that spirit, then you will see joy will enter in. My my grandma, she's 98 years old. She just died. She's almost 99. We're going to um have her funeral on Friday. I never heard my grandma and I've known her for 54 years and one month. And I have never heard my grandma say a negative word about anyone. &gt;&gt; 98 years old. Never a bad word about anyone. And you know what? She was the happiest person that I think I've ever met. And tell me this. Was happiness because she overcame or did she never say a bad word about anyone because she was happy? I think it's because she overcame. &gt;&gt; I remember grandpa I was fishing with grandma and grandpa and we were coming home from Roosevelt Lake and we stopped at McDonald's and we uh grandpa liked the filt of fish at McDonald's. My grandpa's a big guy, you know, he's like 6'4. Um, and you know, you got to feed the machine. So, we get there and grandpa likes the filt of fish and he orders it and we order, me and grandma order ours. And grandpa gets this little tiny thing, that big. And there's my big old grandpa with his big old hands. And he says, "What am I going to do with this?" And my grandma looked at him and she said, "Well," she said, "Maybe they just make make that for people that aren't very hungry." My grandpa looked at her and he said, he said, "Honey, you always have a positive thing to say about everything." And that's how she was. She was happy because let me tell you that doesn't mean that the enemy didn't attack grandma. He did. But she overcame that and she had joy in her life every day all the way to the day of day of her death. Now listen to this verse number 14. But the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the Lord troubled him. Notice the spirit of the Lord departed first and then an evil spirit came in after that. You remember I taught on the parable of the house that had an evil spirit in it. And when that evil spirit was cast out, this man cleaned his house and and made everything right and everything good. The evil spirit was gone. And it could be an evil spirit of pornography. It could be an evil spirit of hatred. It could be an evil spirit of gossip. Whatever it is, but when you overcome that spirit and you push it out, then there's a void there. And here the the it's the opposite that happened. The spirit of the Lord departed out of Saul and now he's got a hole. Something's got to fill that hole. And us when we get rid of something in our lives, make sure friends that you replace it with something because that if that hole stays there, it's going to get worse. Like the parable that Jesus told of the house, if you don't replace it, if you don't fill it up with the Holy Spirit, it's going to get worse. And here Saul, the Holy Spirit comes out of him and now he's got a hole and here comes the enemy, the spirit. English Standard Version says, "Now the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul and a harmful spirit from the Lord tormented him." NIV says an evil spirit from the Lord tormented him. It's very plain. This is from the Lord. So my question and the question that was presented to me from one of the young people is how can an evil spirit come from God if God's holy? Have you ever thought of it? &gt;&gt; How could it happen? But it does happen. So, does God send demons on us? Does God have evil spirits in him that come out of him? Of course not. God is holy. God's perfect. God's the omnipotent. God's everything. God is just pure love. So, how can an evil spirit come from God? As I give the uh scriptures for the explanation, I want you to think about this. When I moved to Jeffersonville, I came from Tucson. That means I was in Tucson geographically and I moved to Jeffersonville. And then I was in Jeffersonville and I moved to Tucson. Okay, so think about that as I give these incredible scriptures and how of something that probably happens all the time. This thing that happened to Saul probably happens very very often commonly. Let's go to Job chapter 1 verse 6. And here I believe is the answer to the question. Now, there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them. Friends, there's things going on in heaven that we don't know, that we don't understand. But this is in heaven, and here are the wonderful things going on in heaven. But Satan was there, too. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Whence comest thou?" And Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro on the earth, and walking up and down in it." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him on the earth, a perfect and upright man, one that fearth God, and one that estueth evil, one that hates evil." And then Satan answered the Lord, and said, "Dust thou doth Job fear God for not? Hast thou not? Hast thou made a hedge around him? Hast not thou made a hedge around him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side, thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance, and his increases in the land. So, Satan's saying, God, he's saying, of course, Job loves you. You've blessed him. You've given him a good family. You've given money. You've given him a big house. You've given him all of this. Of course, that he loves you. It's amazing. This is going on in heaven. Poor Job down here. He's just out working his field. But put forth put forth thine hand now and touch him and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power. Only upon himself put not forth thine hand. So, Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. An evil spirit came from the presence of God to come upon Job. Satan killed Job's livestock, took all of his wealth, even killed his children. The spirit came from the same location that God was. And you could say, as I said, you could say an evil spirit came from the Lord. It came upon Job and his family. But watch how Job handles this now. Took everything from him. Verse verse number 20. Then Job arose. So So Job has all of his children are dead. All of his wealth is gone. He had lost everything. And Job arose and rent his manel mantel and shaved his head and fell down upon the ground and worshiped. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Wow. Look at that. Job worshiped. And he said, "Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return hither. The Lord gave, and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." &gt;&gt; And listen to this. Here's the difference between Job and Saul. And in all this, Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly. Then he did it again, another meeting in heaven. Chapter 2, verse one. Again, again, there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. And Satan came also among them to present himself before the Lord. Again, there is Satan up in heaven accusing a son of God there and asking, "Let me go down." And he says, "Skin for skin." He says, "Take his health away and then see what Job does to you, God." God says, "Go. Don't kill him. Go." So then Joe then Satan goes and makes Job sick. Probably cancerous tumors or whatever it was just just in a terrible shape. And then yet still verse number 10 when his wife tells him why don't you just curse God and die after he'd been suffering all this. Job said unto her thou speakest like one of the foolish women speaketh. What shall we receive good at the hand of God? And shall we not receive evil in all of this? In all this, did not Job sin with his lips? &gt;&gt; What a man. &gt;&gt; Look at the difference. Same thing happened to Saul and Saul gave in. Let's go to first. Let's go to 2 Chronicles. Another story of this. And here's a failure. We saw the success in Job. 2 Chronicles verse 18. Listen to this the story. Don't give in to it. Many times the enemy will come down and you resist him. So resist him. 2 Chronicles 18:14. Then he came to the king. So, we know Micah, we know Ahab, and we know Jehoshaphat. All right. There's there's Micah and I'm sorry, Jehoshaphat and Ahab are two kings. Jehoshaphat's king of Judah. Uh Ahab's king of Israel. And they want to go to battle. And Micah says, "Well, I think that we should inquire of the Lord." Then came the king. Then then then he came to the king. And the king said to him, "Micah, shall we go to war against Ramoth Gilead, or shall we refrain?" I'm going to read the New King James Version. And he said, "Go and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand." So the king said to him, "How many times shall I make you swear that you tell me nothing but the truth in the name of the Lord?" Then he said, listen to this. So So Ahab's like, "Listen, you're always prophesying against me." Ahab was an evil dude. And he's he was like, "Listen, this guy's a a prophet. He's a righteous man. And he's always saying stuff against me." And Micah the prophet's like, "Yes, go what? Go do what you're going to do." And he's like, "Just tell us the truth." So the king said to him, "How many times shall I make you swear to tell me nothing but the truth in the name of the Lord?" Then Micah said, then then he said, I saw all Israel scattered on on the mountains as sheep that have no shepherd. And the Lord said, "These have no master. Let each return to his house in peace." And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, "Did not I tell you that that he would not prophesy good concerning me, but evil?" Now listen to this another story. Saul, Job, watch this. And Micah said, "Therefore, hear the word of the Lord. I saw the Lord sitting on his throne and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left." And the Lord said, "Who will persuade Ahab, king of Israel, to go up that he may fall at Ramothgilead?" So one spoke in this manner and another spoke in that manner. Then a spirit came forward and stood before the Lord. This is going on in heaven. God's not in hell. Then a spirit came forward and stood before the Lord and said, "I will persuade him." The Lord said to him, "In what way?" And he said, 'I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all of his prophets. And the Lord said, you shall persuade him and also prevail. Go out and do so. Therefore, look, the Lord has put a lying spirit in the mouth of these prophets of yours, and the Lord hath declared disaster, evil against you. So these prophets of Ahab, they did not resist that lying spirit that came on them. I believe that they had a choice. I truly do. But they didn't resist it. I believe that they knew when they felt that still small voice maybe that said, "Don't say that. Are you sure that came from the Lord?" And because of popularity of because of of of pressure from someone else, they just said it. And there was that spirit influencing them. But when that spirit came to Job, no, no, I'm not going to give into it. But when it came to Saul, he did not resist it. He gave into it. Even Jesus, same thing happened to Jesus. Remember he was tempt temp tempted in the wilderness for 40 days. &gt;&gt; Here comes the enemy and he's he's like turn these stones to bread. I know you're hungry. Aren't you the Messiah? Aren't you this this one that's supposed to come? Tempted him with the power of God. Well, you have power. You have power. Why don't you do it? He said, "No." He says, "God's able with these stones erased." you know, he said uh um man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes out of the mouth of God. &gt;&gt; And he brings him up to the temple. He's like, "Cast yourself down. You want to show the power of God, don't you? Doesn't it make sense? We would want to show the power of God." Of course, it makes sense. But it was not time for Jesus to do it. &gt;&gt; And there he is. They're like cast the the enemy right there. That same spirit comes and says, "Cast yourself down because it is written that the angels shall carry you up." He's like, "Satan, don't tempt the Lord thy God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus resisted it. Just like James says, "Resist the devil and and it will flee and he will flee from you." Let's go back to 1st Samuel 16. And Saul's servant said unto him, so now we know that this evil spirit, God, there's no evil in God, but this evil spirit came from God. &gt;&gt; All right? So I think we understand now it came from the presence of God. And Saul's servant said to him, "Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee. Let our Lord command thy servants which are before thee to seek out a man who is cunning a cunning player on the harp. And it shall come to pass when the evil spirit from God is upon thee thee that he shall play with his hand and thou shalt be well. I'm sorry. I'm in 1st Samuel 16. There we go. So the author keeps making that statement, an evil spirit from God. And here we see that this evil spirit came from God. Why? God had a purpose in it. God has a purpose in it every time. He had a purpose in it in Job. He wanted to prove the devil wrong. He had a purpose in it with Ahab. He wanted them to go to battle. And then Ahab died in the battle. And here he has a purpose in having this evil spirit come down from God because there was only one man in all of the kingdom that could make that evil spirit go away. It was this young man, a shepherd boy, this man named David. So he actually brought this man David into his home. And David had a gift. And you see how brother Sean, you see how beautiful a gift of music is. It can truly send away these evil spirits. It can literally and you're playing in your piano and just and and how someone that just has a gift, it can send the evil spirits away. &gt;&gt; And that's what would happen with Saul. Saul didn't really fight it. It was this beautiful playing that caused that evil spirit to leave. And Saul, verse number 17, and Saul said unto his servants, provide me now a man that can play well and bring him to me. Then answered one of the servants and said, "Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite that is cunning and playing and a and a mighty valiant man and a man of war." this young man and we're seeing here what this young man is going to become and prudent in matters and come and a comely person and the Lord is with him. Verse number 23, let's skip down. And it came to pass when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul that David took a harp and played with his hand. So Saul was refreshed and was well and the evil spirit departed from him. That's how all of us here have had this experience. That's how spirits work. An evil spirit will come upon us and it's when somebody does us wrong. If you have a bad temper, it's when someone says something that makes you mad or insults you. Then that evil spirit comes down and instead of resisting, out it comes. All right? And then after a little while, that evil spirit just kind of goes away. You don't have to worry about your temper when everything's going well, right? No, you don't have to worry about gluttony when you're full. It's that's not the time. And that's how spirits are. The spirit will come in when the door is opened. And that's what happened with Saul. and saw the spirit would come in when he would get jealous and he picked up his spear and chucked it at David couple times. Started trying to kill David because he saw that David started to prosper and then this jealousy came out and he would get mad and instead of fighting the spirit like Job did. He would take his spear, go after him, send his troops in. We want to kill this man David. He even wanted his daughter. He let David marry his daughter and he thought, "Oh, my daughter, she'll be loyal to me and she can be a spy." And his daughter fell in love with David. I mean, it was her husband, but his daughter fell in love with David, too. And she warned him. Even his beloved son who was heir to the kingdom, who he was so proud of, Jonathan. Jonathan loved David and respected David more than he did his dad. And you can see how every time this spirit would come down, Saul would not he he wouldn't fight it. And as you read through and you you see this man Saul, there are times when there's two times when David Saul goes into the into the cave one time by himself, use the restroom and he's in there and David's hitting in the back and his men are like, "Take him now. We've got him." David said, "I'm not going to touch the Lord's anointed." David cuts off his robe. Saul gets up. He goes outside. And David is like, "Hey, Saul, look at this. I have a piece of your robe." And then Saul, that spirit left him and he was like, "Oh, David, you know, you should be king. You're a better man than I am, David." And then David repented. He's like, "Oh, I shouldn't have done that. This is the Lord's anointed. I should respect him." And you see all this love going on and this is really nice and everything's good until Saul gets mad again. Turn the page. Then Saul gets mad again. He's he's trying to kill David again because he didn't resist the spirit. It's not hard to resist a spirit when you're not tested. Whatever that spirit is. But when you are tested is when you can overcome that spirit. That is what the character is. When David, David didn't have it. Here comes Saul and Saul's trying to kill David. David has many chances to kill Saul, but he's like, "No, that's the Lord's anointed." David overcame. You think David didn't have feelings? David was a warrior. I mean, he killed the giant with a rock. He killed a a bear, a wolf, and he killed a lion. a bear and a lion with a rock. He knew he could do it. You think David didn't have feelings? He did. And he failed. But then he repented and he overcame and didn't do it again. And and here is Saul twice. And the other time David sneaks up and and Saul's sleeping, steals his spear, and then he feels bad about it. And then Saul feels bad about it again. He doesn't have this madness upon him. But then a little bit later, it's like, "Oh, David, you know, he's everybody's liking him better than me." And then this rage and this jealousy comes in and he didn't overcome it. Even right when it started, David, Saul sent David out and David starts winning these battles. And man, David was just tearing it up. What a great man David was. and he'd come back and play the harp and Saul would be happy and then he'd go out and kill Philistines and and it was just like, man, this guy is great. And then he comes in and here these women when when they're coming in in the parade into the city, these women are like, wow. And they come out for Saul, not David. They come out to honor their king. The Bible says that. Where is it? Let's read it. It's really good. Yeah. Uh chapter 18 verse 6. This is really neat. 1st Samuel 18. And it came to pass as they came when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine that the women came out of all the cities of Israel singing and dancing to meet King Saul their king with tabres and joy and with instruments and music. They were all happy and praising the Lord. And the women answered one another as they played. And they they said Saul has slain his thousands and David his 10 thousands. Saul's like, "What?" And they were just rejoicing like, "We love you, Saul." They're not trying to put David in front of him. They were out there for Saul, but they were just happy. And you, we should be happy. If someone comes in and he does a good job or she does a good job, praise God, &gt;&gt; a good job was done. David's rolling through all these Philistines. Yeah, those are our enemies. Way to go, David. &gt;&gt; It doesn't mean Saul wasn't king, but he got jealous. Saul has slain his thousands and David his 10 thousands. And Saul was very wroth and the saying displeased him. And he said, "They have ascribed unto David 10 thousands, and me they have ascribed but thousands. And what can he have more but the kingdom?" He's already anointed king in secret. And Saul's like, "I see the handwriting on the wall here." And instead of embracing this David, he hated him. and his mental and spiritual deterioration really sped up then. And this evil spirit from God, the spirit of jealousy and depression and hatred, it just dominated his life. As I said, even his great son Jonathan, this great warrior, probably the greatest warrior in in all of Israel, even he protected David over he did over what he did over his dad. Then what? Let's let's read it and uh I think we have time. So things got bad. Things got so bad with Saul and then the enemy just came in and and he just chased he's chasing David all over the place and then he have to pull away from David and he fight the Philistines. He never lost his gift. We we the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. God doesn't take them back. Saul was still just as gifted a man at the day of his death death as he was at the day he was crowned king. He continued to beat the Philistines, but he then he just set his eyes on David and he wanted to kill this guy. So he would chase David and his his band of of men up in the mountains and he go all over and and just trying to kill him. And it got so bad Samuel dies and it got so bad that that God just wouldn't answer David or answer Saul. And he had this great battle and he was afraid. He's like, "Man, this is big. I could lose the whole kingdom in this battle with the Philistines. And he went, very strange story. He went to a medium. He went to a fortune teller, someone that had some sort of a strange gift there. And let's read it. And it came to pass first um chapter 26, we'll start with verse number three. Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him and buried him in Rama, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits and wizards out of the land. So Saul did right. He knew God, and he had done right. And the Philistines gathered themselves together and came and pitched in Shunim. And Saul gathered all Israel together, and they pitched in Gal Gilboa. And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines, he was afraid, and his heart greatly trembled. And when Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not. Wouldn't answer him at all. Neither by dreams, nor by urum, nor by prophets. From other Bible studies, we know what the urum is. Of course, we know what dreams are, and we know what prophets are. Then said Saul unto his servants, "Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I may go to her and inquire of her." And his servant said to him, "Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at indor." We know her as the witch of Endor. Then Saul disguised himself and put on other reignment and went and two men with him. And they came to the woman by night, and he said, I pray thee divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up who I shall name to thee. And the woman said, "Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath done, how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards out of the land. Therefore, when thou layst thou a snare, therefore then thou layst thou a snare from my life to cause me to die." So she's like, "Hey, listen. It's against the law for me to do this. And according to the law that Saul set, I got to be put to death if I do it." And Saul, who was disguised, swear to her by the Lord, saying, "As the Lord liveth, there shall there shall no punishment happen to thee for this thing." Then said the woman, "Whom shall I bring up unto thee?" And he said, "Bring me up Samuel." And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a loud voice. And the woman spake to Saul, saying, Why hast thou deceived me? For thou art Saul. She knew, "Wow, I'm in a bad position here. This is the king that has done this." And the king said to her, "Be not afraid, for what sawest thou?" And the woman said unto Saul, I saw gods ascending out of the earth. New King James says, "I saw a spirit descending out of the earth." ascending out of the earth. English Standard Version said says, "I see a God coming out of the earth." Amplified version says this, "I see a divine superhuman being coming up from the earth." So, she saw something that was probably more powerful than she had ever seen in all of her gifts. It was the spirit of the prophet Samuel rising up. And he said to her, "What form is he of what form is he of?" And she said, "An old man cometh up, and he is covered with a mantle." And Saul perceived that it was Samuel. And he stooped with his face to the ground and bowed himself. And Samuel said, "Saul, why hast thou disquited me to bring me up?" And Saul answered, "I am sore distressed, for the Philistines make war against me, and God has departed from me, and answerth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams. Therefore, I have called thee that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do. He was going to war. God wouldn't answer him. All of these people of Israel and the whole country of Israel depended on him. And he's like, I don't know what to do. And Samuel said, wherefore then dust thou ask of me, seeing the Lord has departed from thee, and has become thine enemy. saying enemies. You're the the Lord is your enemy. You're the enemy of the Lord now, Saul, because you are serving yourself. You have departed. And the and the Lord hath done to him as he spake by me. For the Lord hath rent the kingdom out of thy hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David, because thou obeyest not the voice of the Lord, nor executed his fierce wrath upon Amalecch, the Amalachites. Remember that the situation I just talked I talked about the beginning. Therefore, the Lord hath done this thing unto thee this day. He didn't kill King Aag. He didn't kill all of those animals. And that was a big deal. Notice Samuel didn't overstep God here. He didn't tell Saul what to do. He just prophesied what was about to happen. Moreover, the Lord will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines. And tomorrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me. Tomorrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me. Samuel speaking. The Lord also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hands of the Philistines. Jonathan was still alive and he was about to fight in this battle. Jonathan was about to die. Saul was about to fight in this battle. Saul was about to die. They were about to lose. But wherever Samuel was at that time, there was Saul and his son together going to be with the prophet. Then then Saul fell straightway all along the earth and was so afraid because the words of Samuel and there was no strength in him for he had eaten no bread all the all the day nor all the night. And the woman came to Saul and saw that he was sore troubled and said unto him, Behold, thy handmade o hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in thy hand, and I have hearkened unto thy words, which thou spakeest unto me. Even this witch who Saul had promised not to kill, she still had respect for King Saul. She still had compassion. Now therefore, I pray thee, hearken thou also unto the voice of thine handmmaid, and let me set a morsel of bread before thee, and eat, that thou mayest have strength when thou goest on thy way. But he refused and said, I will not eat. But his servants together with the woman compelled him, and he hearkened under their voice. So he arose from the earth and sat upon the bed. And the woman had a fat calf in the house. And she hastened and killed it, and took flour, and kneaded it, and baked unleavened bread thereof. And she brought it before Saul and before his servants, and they did eat, and they rose up, and went away that night. and the uh we can close now and the um the musicians can come and get ready. So then what happened to Saul is exactly what was prophesied when Samuel came. They went to battle. Israel lost the battle. Saul was hit by an arrow, mortally wounded him. Jonathan was killed in battle and Saul was dying and he asked his armor bearer, he said, "Kill me because they're they're going to take me and they're going to abuse me. I'm mortally wounded." He asked his armor bearer, he says, "Will you kill me?" His armor bearer says, "No, I I can't do that." So then Saul takes his sword and falls on his sword himself. And Bible's a little bit unclear if Saul died right there. The next book you see that this man comes to David and says, "Hey, Saul was mortally wounded and I killed him." And uh that didn't work out so good for that guy. Um David ended up killing him. But Saul died on the battlefield. What he was called to serve Israel. A great king, a great leader. Died on the battlefield, his son with him and ended up wherever Samuel was. And I believe that Samuel was in glory. And Saul ended up there. This man that could not overcome this evil spirit that came from God. This spirit of hatred, the spirit of jealousy. And he struggled his whole la life. He did many, many things wrong. And really, I'm so happy that his story is written in the Bible because as brother Silas said, I can just relate to it. I can relate to this man. I see that Saul when when the spirit, the evil spirit would come on him, it was always in a point of weakness. And then when that weakness wasn't there, he was like, "David, you should be king. I love you, David. And and David, you're the you're you're the the true man and you're you're you're much greater man than I am, David." And then you see all of a sudden when the anger would come, he would go after David and try to kill him. And that's how, as I said, that's how spirits are. And you know what? That's how the Holy Spirit is, too. We always want to have the Holy Spirit. We always want to feel it. And we have, we felt it. Sometimes it makes us cry. Sometimes it makes us shout. Sometimes it'll make us speak in tongues. And I just wish it was always on me. But that's how a spirit does. The spirit comes and then it backs off and it comes back. It's a nature of a spirit and then it and then it backs off. And that's how friends, that's how the evil spirit is too that comes down. It'll come upon you and you say, "Well, why sometimes can I overcome and other times I can't?" It's because that's when that spirit's attacking and it always attacks in a point of weakness. And Saul is a perfect example of how we can fail. And then David is a perfect example of how we can succeed. Amen.
