################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-07 - Power in Forgiveness Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-07
Title:   Power in Forgiveness: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAY-X84eokw
========================================

Oh, we're together again. It run a cold. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. We're together again [Applause] just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. [Music] Just pray. One more time together. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. [Music] It's good to be in church this morning. Praising the Lord. Let's sing that song. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. We got a lot of people out of town, but those who are here, it's going to be a good service. We're together praising Lord. Something good's going to happen. Something good is in store this morning. Wonderful Jesus. Let's start with that chorus. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. Let's sing that again. Wonderful. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he. Oh, saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. Let's sing that again. Wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Praise him. Let's praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. When the sun goes down, sing that again. Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the due time. Praise him. I'll praise him. Praise him. When the sun goes down, I will love him. I will love him. Love him. I'll love him in the morning. Love him in the noon time. Love him. Love him. Love him. When the sun goes down, I'll serve him. And I will serve him. I'll serve him. I'll serve him in the morning. I'll serve him in the noon time. Serve him. I'll serve him. Serve him when the sun goes down. Praise his name. Would you all stand with me this morning? I'll just have to yell. It's on. We got it. Can you hear me? Okay. Praise his name. Would you all greet somebody while we're figuring this out? If there's a visitor, tell them this isn't how it usually goes. [Music] Martha, would it be okay if Lydia would go back and help? You could go back and help so we have a extra person back there. Brother Tim's by himself. Somebody from the Wednesday night or the Sunday night group. That'd be good. Let's sing Greater Than All My Sin in the Key of C. Oh, greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanses [Music] me. Is the grace that still set me free to praise him. Oh, I know the blood's applied. I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all. The blood of the lamb. Do you believe that this morning? It's greater than all my sin. It's the blood that still cleanses me. Is the grace that still sets me free to praise him and I know the bloodied. I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all the blood of them. I'm so I'm so sorry. Did I forget about Sunday school? Brother Lyle is our Sunday school. Anyone in Sunday school can head to the back. It's greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanses me. is the grace that still sets me free. Oh, to praise him. And I know the blood of walking in newness [Music] of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all. The blood of one more time lift our voices this morning as a confession. Greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanses me. Is the grace that still sets me free. Oh, to praise him. And I know the blood's applied. I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all the blood of the lamb. Amen. Key of G. It's already done. Before we go to prayer, if you have a need this morning, it's already been taken care of. Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. Yes, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. and sing that again as a confession. Oh, it's already done. Thank you, Lord. It's already done. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. God, I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already healed. [Music] [Applause] Yes, I'm already here. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. Victoryy's won. Oh, it's already done. My family is sealed. Oh, my family is sealed. My family is sealed. Oh, the battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Sing that again. My family is sealed. Oh, my family is sealed. Do you believe it this morning? Yes. My family is sealed. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Sing it. It's already done. As brother L comes. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Yeah. The battle is over. The victory's been won. It's already done. One more time as an anthem. Oh, it's already done. [Music] It's already done. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Is that your faith this morning? Not looking for something to be or just resting on something that was, but it's done. It's a finished work. Jesus took care of all of it. We just have to reach in, accept it, grab a hold, and hang on. It's It's a wonderful ride. bumpy sometimes, but just hang on. Have a number of uh of requests this morning, a number of things brought to our attention. Um, a lot of times we end with the praise. I want to start with a praise. and and our our sister Lorie Snow, who we've been praying for, that had that amazing rescue from near death when she had that incident on the highway up near Everett, Washington, is going through a long process of rehab, but she's home now. She's no longer in Washington. She's no longer there. She's home in Tucson. Still a long road to go, but praise God, our sister's home and she's on that road to recovery. And also in in in happy news, our brother John Loker is back and we're so glad to have him back now. And our our brother Jordan Peterson, who's been gone for a little while, is looking forward to coming home soon. Um our sister Amelia has a prayer request. It's it's a little unusual, but the the the place where she lives at the Tucson House and she works there that they've been having some issues regarding certain cleaning products and people with allergies and and and conflict about over that. And so she asked for our prayers that this would be resolved in a way that uh is pleasing to the Lord and and solves the problems that are that are coming up. Uh we also had a a note uh this morning that to pray for the people in Kerr County, Texas. You I'm sure you've all heard about the flash flood that in a matter of 40 minutes the rivers came together, 26 ft of water came crashing through. Uh and it was at 4:00 in the morning on July 4th. There's a girls Christian camp called Missing Camp and there's still 11 to 20 missing young ladies from that. We may not know these people, but these are Christian young ladies. They're part of us. We are part of them. We should be feeling their infirmity as as they as as they stand with us. And we need to stand with them. And and that also reminded me of we're constantly told to pray for the peace of Jerusalem. And we know the issues that are going on there, the battles, the conflict. I think of Ukraine. I think of Iran and we think of mostly the Ayatollah and all of that stuff. But we have brothers and sisters that are under intense persecution in that nation. We have brothers and sisters in intense persecution in many parts of the world. We are so blessed that we can come here of our own free will. No one keeps us out. No one forces us in. I probably say that a lot. But but but it's true that we're here by choice. We're here because we have that burden on our heart to be with one another, to draw closer to the Lord. And um uh something that was brought to my attention this morning that that that I'd like to read. It's from the sermon bomb in Gilead. And I think it talks about this very thing. Brother Brandham says, "Well, I'm not a seer. I'm not a prophet. I'm just a poor gentile. The Lord lets me be used to help the Gentile people in these days." You see, I believe it's regarded somewhere in the Bible as some sort of a gift. But whatever it is that it's a small and that ain't the significance of it. It's what we can do to help somebody to get closer to God. And that's for each and every one of us. That's not for this person or that person. That's for the person you see when you look in the mirror. So let's let's go to the Lord together this morning and just join our hearts together for these requests and then rejoicing for these praises. I'm so I was so happy to hear this morning that our sister Lori was in town. It just I'm just happy. Lord Jesus, Lord, we're so happy that that we serve you, Lord, that you've called us by your name, that you've chosen us to be your people, but not exclusively us to be your people. But there are so many brothers and sisters in so many places that we simply don't know. But Lord, there are brothers and sisters. We're all part of the same aggregate body of Jesus Christ. And Lord, we pray for those needs, Lord, as well as the needs that have been expressed this morning. And and those people that are suffering there, Lord, in the in the hill country of uh southwest Texas, Lord, that they should be with them that you'd comfort their hearts, Lord. And as as people are found, if as as bodies may be found, Lord, these young ladies, Lord, that we're just there to to draw aside and to draw closer to you, Lord. And we pray that you'd be with those families that are suffering, Lord. The the uncertainty. I I recall the uncertainty in in our family when my dad would tell me the story about his youngest brother being missing an action in World War II and they never found him and eventually they just had to declare him dead some 20 years later. But just those uncertainties, Lord, we pray that you'd be with those people at this time. We're so grateful that we can call upon your name and know that you're here in our midst, that you hear our prayers, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray for the offering that's to be taken this morning, Lord, that it be used for the purposes that you intend. Lord, we thank you for this privilege we have to be together. Anoint our pastor this morning as he speaks what's on his heart. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can all have your seats. key of E flat. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak that name. Verse one. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mouth. I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Keep that verse up there. We're going to sing that again. I just want to speak. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart. Over heart and every mind. I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Verse two. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there's hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Lift it up this morning. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Verse three. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety to every soul held captive by depression. I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Sing that again. Cuz your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Sing that again. Shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkest over every enemy. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. One more time shout Jesus this morning. Oh yes. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Sing it again. Cuz your name is power. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] KFC. Amen. Amen. Let's just continue to worship him this morning. It is well with my soul, Brother Jeremy. When peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea billows. Yes. Whatever [Music] my lot, thou hast taugh me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. Verse two. Though Satan should buff it. Come on this morning. Oh, though Satan should buff it, though trial should come. Think about this. Let this bless assurance control that Christ hath regarded my helpless estate and hath shed shed his own blood for my soul. Oh, we sing it is well, [Music] oh with my soul, [Music] oh it is well. It is well with my soul. Would you stand with me this morning? My sin, oh the bliss of this glorious [Music] thought. I sin not in part but the whole is nar to the cross and I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul, and it is well, [Music] with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well. well with my soul. Sing that again. It is well, oh, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my verse four. Oh Lord, haste the day when my faith shall be sight. The clouds be rolled back as a storm. The trump shall resound its coming and the Lord shall descend. even so it is well with my soul. In verse five, but Lord, but Lord is for thee, for thy coming we wait. The sky, not not the grave is our gold. The shout of the angel. Oh yes, the shout of the angel. [Music] Oh the voice of the Lord. Blessed hope and blessed rest of my soul. Sing it this morning. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Amen. Amen. What a good spirit. Let me tell you something. I believe that joy that you have in your heart right now, I believe that you're going to leave today with even more joy than you have right now. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles to as we're standing Psalm Psalm 139 verse 23. [Music] 139th Psalm. [Music] We'll go to verse 23. It says this, "Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts and see if there be any wicked way in me and lead me in the way everlasting." Amen. Let's bow our heads. Our father, [Music] Lord, very powerful words from the psalmist. Father, we pray that as you search our hearts, Lord, that there would be no unclean thing found. And Lord, that you would bless this service today, meet the needs of each one that is here. And father, help me Lord to to stay in line, the line of the scriptures, the line of the Holy Spirit. Father, bless this morning's service. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. I chose that psalm to read this morning because I don't know if it was I asked the brothers. I asked Josiah said, "Did you read a psalm on Wednesday night? Did you read this psalm?" He said, "No." I asked brother Lyall, "Did you read Psalm 139?" He said, "No." And I was just going back and somehow and maybe it was just a thought that came to my mind, but this psalm was really on my heart and it's been on my heart all week and it's search me, oh God, and know my heart. And it struck me, do I really want him to search me? Do I really want him to go down into the deep depths of Daniel Evans and know everything about me? Do I really want that? And I, as I was just thinking on this scripture all week, I said, 'Lord, you know, you're a discerner all the way to my my very thoughts and all the way to the the marrow of the bone, but Lord, there's a lot in me that's not right. And Lord, help me. And I was sharing this with with the musicians. as I was sharing this psalm just a few minutes ago before they came out and you know Sister Hope's she's coming in she know she's in in the corner there and uh I I I shared this and I said how many of us really want the Lord to search our innermost lives and Sister Hope says um but but he searches us through the blood and I thought amen that's Right? He looks down on us and all of our fa faults and everything that we do we do. He sees through the blood of his son Jesus Christ. So I am I am grateful for that. But it is it's something that we should think about this psalm. We should think about Lord when you really search me others can search me too. And I want I really want love to come out. I really want the right things to come out. There's um I got a this comes from a few phone calls that I've got this past week and they're mainly from people that aren't part of this church and it's uh I I ministered on last Sunday night to be careful what you pray for, be careful of your desires. And some of the field the phone calls that I've fielded have been about uh another church and the the pastor there has always ministered about a squeeze is coming and the government is going to come in and and put this pressure on on people and you're going to have to make a choice and and and this is going to be a really really hard time. And then I see that the the squeeze has come down upon um this man and it's maybe not what he thought. It came down because of his own mistakes and his own sins. And then you have other people with the same situation. You have some reporters out and they're they're trying to dig up dirt and they're they're looking everywhere that they can. And it was their goal. They wanted to find something. They wanted to get an indictment. They wanted a pound of flesh. And you know what? They got what they wanted. And then you have these other people that have a a really bad attitude that maybe have left and uh and they are maybe out on social media and they're attacking and and they want embarrassment and they want those things and they get what they got what they want. It's it's amazing that we seem to always get what we want. Even it's when we get it, maybe it's not what we want. And I look at this whole situation and I think, wow, where is God in all of this? There's there's victims that that um should never have been exposed to what what they're exposed to, and there's there's other problems. And and I think that Lord, where are you in all of this? You have attacking and and you have all of these these different problems that are coming in and everybody seems to have received what they've wanted. And really, I don't think anyone's happy about anything because really God wasn't involved in any of it. You can come out of something that's wrong. Maybe you're in bondage in a dominating church or maybe you were part of a church with a a false prophet or maybe a false apostle or or you even maybe in a bad situation at work or in a relationship or whatever it might be and you are you receive liberty from that spirit. You come from that spirit. Now the question is how are you going to handle your liberty that you have now? That's the key question. And I see people all the time, they make a decision to leave even an oppressive church or relationship or job or whatever it might be or an organization and they jump on social media and they start attacking that organization. And what they're doing is they say, "Okay, I'm out now. I'm going to I'm just going to go scorched earth and I'm going to burn that bridge because I'm never going back there." But you have to be careful, friends, when you burn a bridge. you burn it down. You may never want to go back there and you shouldn't go back there. Of course, you've learned you should you shouldn't go back, but don't forget that bridge is now destroyed and someone can't come across the same bridge that you came across. Always leave those open. Always always have the right attitude and the right approach to things. You know, if you've been hurt and the way that you handle every situation, always think, how does a Christian handle these these things? What does Jesus say? Galatians 5:15 or verse 13 says this. For you, brethren, I'll read the the New King James Version. For you, brethren, have been called to liberty. only do not use your liberty as an opportunity for the flesh, but through love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even this, that you shall love your neighbor as yourself. But if you bite and devour one another, beware, lest you be consumed by one another. Forgiveness doesn't mean accepting sin. Forgiveness is when someone has done something that you feel is wrong to you and now you wipe the slate clean saying you don't owe me anything. That's forgiveness. The definition of forgiveness when I say you don't owe me anything that means no apology. That means nothing. You are forgiven. The definition of forgiveness says this. To cease to feel resentment against an offender. to give up resentment uh to give up resentment of or claim to reququid to grant relief from payment forgive a debt. That's forgiveness. As I said, much much of this comes from phone calls that I've received this week. And uh some had uh some bad attitudes and and and I'm not just talking about Tucson. I'm talking about there's there's a lot of like turmoil going on and it's it's just just the seems like people are just stirred up and I I mean I've talked to people from all over the the country that have seems like the same problem just with different environments, different situations and some had a bad attitude um and they were taken to social media really to tear down the the place that they left and burn those bridges. is. But one call that I received this week, it it really stood out. And this man said, he said, "I'm not against anyone." He said, "I benefited." And he came out of a tough situation. He said, "I benefited from my old church." And he said, "They taught me at that church to provide for my family. Taught me to work hard. They taught me to put God first in my life. But there were problems that I just couldn't get past is what he told me. He said uh the last time he was in church, he he' just been really struggling and and he said that at this church, he said that the pastor uh rebuked the people, rebuked the congregation. And he told them that they didn't know how to pray. And he said that the pastor was putting together a list, a series of prayers that he wanted them to memorize and to recite. And friends, it's it's easy to fall onto this stuff. It really is. But he said he said no. He says he tells his he told his wife, he says, "This is Catholic." He says, "We can't do this." So he tells his wife, he knows what was going to happen. He said, ' Say goodbye to your friends because this is the last time we're going to be at this church. We're leaving. And it it wasn't long ago. And then he went and he joined a solid church where they teach Christ in the Bible as a focused. And he's even in involved in the ministry now. And I look at his really his attitude. And it was it was really it was good. He had the right attitude. And I as he was talking I I was just kind of saying,"Lord, this brother can do something. He can make a difference." And I say this often as as he was questioning what what was being presented, I say this often is to question, and this is something that you don't hear very often, but question the way you believe. Does it line up with the Bible? And if you do find yourself in error, friends, don't spend your efforts trying to destroy someone else. God says, "Vengeance is mine. Leave that to me." Spend your efforts really finding the truth and then stay with the truth. But always don't be afraid to say, "Lord, am I believing right? Is this right?" Because there's something that just doesn't feel right. Like like it it sounds good. It's like, well, here's here's these these prayers that may have been perfect when they were said, but no, reciting prayers is not biblical. That's that's not in the scriptures. And he told me that he doesn't want to be against anyone, but he wants to help everyone that he can. And if they want to leave, he wants to help them. And and if they want to stay, he's not judging them. And it just it blessed me. I saw a really right spirit. I I felt the right spirit. He was on the phone as he talked to me and I I really I liked what he said. He said I wrote it down. He said, "I don't want to say anything negative against anyone." And I told him, I said, "Yeah, I've been there." And I've taken I took the same approach that you did. And I encouraged him. And I told him that it works better, that having that right approach and that loving approach works better than all the mud that you can sling from the pullpit or from Tik Tok or from YouTube or Facebook or whatever it is. Love and speaking good is going to be a lot more powerful for us than anything else. And I believe that uh the brother I believe he's he's really got he's going on a missionary trip and and he's he's just doing well. I believe that he's got something special. And and I told him, I said, "Brother, I'll support you as long as long as you stay positive and as long as you're not speaking negative against anyone like you said." And I believe that he will do he'll do more than any of the negative attacks that you see on any type of social media or any type of media. I had a friend that came along in u when I when I had a hard time, Daniel knows him. His name's Bobby White. Bobby was someone that came out of a a difficult situation in Jeffersonville. And it was a church that was uh had had issues. And I met him. He had a g he had a shirt that said Jesus on the front and it had like it looked like a like a softball shirt that you get when you play like men's league softball, whatever it is. And it said Jesus on there with a little swoosh on underneath it. And I said, "Hey." I said, "I'm on that team." and and I'd never seen the guy before and he said he says yeah he says man that's the only team to be on and and we started talking we became friends and he encouraged me he helped me because he always had a very positive attitude on everything and he came out like I said of a difficult situation in the church that he was in and he was just a positive good person and it it really he became a friend to me and we're still friends. He texted me this morning. I was wondering did I share this about him and then all of a sudden out of the blue he text me a scripture this morning and and I thought yeah I'll I'll mention Bobby. I pray one day that he can come up and give a testimony for us. Let me read that that uh Galatians 5 again 5:15. It says this. For for you brethren have been called to liberty only. Do not use your liberty as an opportunity for the flesh, but through love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word. Even this, you shall love your neighbor as yourself. All the law. He's talking about all the Bible. This is all fulfilled in this. That you shall love your neighbor as yourself. But if you bite and devour one another, beware lest you be consumed by one another. really wisdom out of the Psalms and thinking of that or wisdom out of uh yeah out of the psalm or out of uh Galatians and then also out of the Psalms search me and I think that all of us have in our lives we have regret we've done things wrong there's scars that we have that we just wish that we wouldn't have done them And regret is real. And it's we've all done things to produce that. And maybe we harmed someone or promoted a church or an organization that maybe you see that's now an error or or it could be a relationship, propagated a harmful rumor maybe about someone, stole something, maybe just sin in general. And when friends, when we receive forgiveness of our sin, when we actually someone forgives us for something that we've done wrong, doesn't it it's almost you can't describe how good it feels. You just just joy floods in and then there's this feeling of closure that's really beyond value when you are forgiven. Maybe it's it's so special is because by definition, we don't deserve forgiveness in any shape or form, but someone gives us that forgiveness. And oh, it just it feels so good. And if you're the one giving forgiveness, then you are liberated by the oppression that was caused by the sin that came against you. Forgiveness is one of the most powerful forces that I know of. You are if you forgive, you're liberated from all those bad feelings, from all that torment. And if you are forgiven, you are just humbled. You say, "Oh, thank you so much." And then there's just this love that comes in. And I uh my subject today is there is power in forgiveness. You think the very foundation of Christianity is I have sinned. I have done awful things in my life, but Christ paid a debt for me and I am forgiven. I have liberty in Christ. And if I am truly a Christian, friends, and I count on that forgiveness that Christ gave to me, then I forgive others because I have that same that same spirit that Christ had. And it's just it's it's beautiful. Matthew chapter 7 says, "Judge not that you be not judged. For with what judgment you judge, you will be judged, and with what me and with the measure you use, it will be measured back to you." You might say, "Well, but I know what they've done." Do you think just because you know maybe a secret sin or just because you know what someone had had it out for you or something that they did, you don't think that God knows everything that you've done either or everything that I've done? And when you truly forgive someone, you have received that victory. Jesus, he forgave us. You talk about a victory. Jesus won that victory of forgiveness and then that joy just it just pours in and there's really no longer harboring that that torment that that hurts us on both sides. And I was I was praying about that this week and I wanted to talk about forgiveness because we have communion tonight. And I was thinking really what is the greatest story of forgiveness in the Bible? What do you think? What's a story that you all know that is just a great story of forgiveness? When who? When the when the woman washed Jesus's feet, outstanding. Yeah. She was forgiven and she just poured it out. What's What's another one? Woman at the well. The woman at the well when she was forgiven of her sins. But how about let's go to the Old Testament, brother Arie. With David and Basheba and Uriah and and he was forgiven. But how about when a mortal man or mortal woman, not God, can you think of a story of a mortal man or a mortal woman that that gave forgiveness that produced amazing results? Say it louder. Amen. Joseph. Good one. Joseph in the Bible, Joseph is a bit of a spoiled kid. He tattled on his brothers to his dad. He had So, we know the story of Joseph. Joseph was the second youngest, one of two children born to Rachel um who uh died in childbirth, giving birth to his younger brother, Benjamin. Joseph was his dad's favorite and he, as I said, he was spoiled and and he tattled on his brothers and got him in trouble and Jacob, his dad, made him this coat of many colors and really favored the boy. Well, it it it built animosity in his brothers. That's why we as parents, we always need to be careful. Don't ever favor one kid over another. It it doesn't work. No matter how much better they are than the other one, no matter how much sweeter my daughter was than my son, I can't ever favor my daughter. I'm just kidding. I mean, both of them were about equal in that in that place. But you you just you can't. And but Jacob did. He favored this boy. And it really built this hatred in his 10 brothers and Joseph's 10 older brothers. And one day that they they were out tending the sheep and they devised this plan saying, "Hey, we're going to kill our younger brother. We're going to kill Joseph and we'll take his coat of many colors and we'll soak it with blood and we'll send it back to dad." So dad thinks that a wild animal killed him. So, Reuben, the oldest, he says, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Let's just let's not kill him. Let's just throw him into this dry well over here and just let him starve to death in there and let him die." I mean, think about this. This is her brother. And Reuben in his mind, he had it, well, I'm going to come back later and save him and bring him back to dad. So the the uh the the clan of boys, they say, "Okay, we we'll do Reubin's idea and we'll we'll take Joseph and we'll throw him in this pit." So Joseph comes along and he's checking on Jacob sends him out. He's checking on the sheep. And they grab him, take off his coat, throw him in this pit, and not only did they just leave him for dead, but right after they did that, they just go down and they sit down and they just eat lunch like like nothing had ever happened. Talk about a a really evil thing to do. Then as um as they were there and and thinking about thinking about this, a group of Ishelites come through. Now if you were here with Lyall's study on Joseph, it was it was absolutely outstanding. The Ishelites, and brother Lyall touched on this, the Ishelites are from Ishmael, who was one of Abraham's sons. It was his oldest son that he had with the concubine. And Abraham ends up kicking out Abraham and Sarah ends up kicking out Ishmamail and his son because there was a a bit of a a um conflict going on, a bit of a competition between Abraham's second son, which was Isaac, the promised son, and Ishmamail. So Abraham and Sarah kick him out. really live out to die in the desert. They end up surviving. And there was this great hatred between Ishmael, the sons of Ishmael, and the sons of Isaac. And this hatred had carried on. It was only a couple generations later that these Ishelites come through. And so Judah, one of the brothers, is like, "Hey, let's not kill our brother because he is our brother. let's sell them to these IshRaelites that are coming through and then we'll make some money on them and then we don't have to kill them. So they sell them to these IshRaelites. They sell him into slavery. They take him, they take Jo Joseph's coat, which was basically a death sentence anyways, but they just didn't have to do it. They take Joseph's coat, they soak it in in goat's blood, they bring it back to Jacob and says to say, "We found this." And Jacob is just devastated. His son had been killed by a wild animal, he thought. So this story is is now this sticks in J in Jacob's mind. And Jacob makes this statement. He says, "I will go to my grave mourning for my son, Joseph." So, Joseph is is sold into slavery. He ends up he's a slave and slaves are treated like slaves where he ends up going to prison. He ends up, of course, being beaten and everything that it comes in with being a prisoner or a slave. And all of this time he ends up spending about 20 years away. And the the family is like, well, there's no way he could have survived. Of course, he's going to die because they're Ishelites. So, they go along living their lives. And Joseph is now just doing everything that he can to survive. He he's he's successful in whatever he does. He goes to work for this man. He's falsely accused by this this leader's wife of trying to um attack her. And then he gets thrown in prison again. and he stays in prison for a while and then his gift comes out and he's able to interpret a couple dreams and Pharaoh has this dream. Pharaoh is the king of all of Egypt of all of the country. He has this series of dreams and Joseph is able to get out of prison and interpret these dreams. The dreams are there will be seven years um of fam of seven years of plenty and then seven years of famine. And Joseph tells Pharaoh, "Here's the interpretation of your dream. We need to store up the food in these seven years of plenty because there's coming seven years of famine." So it happens exactly like Joseph said. A couple into So seven years of plenty, he stores up the food. Then a couple years into the famine, Joseph is selling grain to those that would come in because he's got these big graneries full. And um he's remember this is about he's about 39 years old now. Joseph is he was 17 when they threw him in the pit and he has all of this time for this to stir inside of him about his brothers and what they did to him. 20 years or so pass and all of a sudden the two the brothers they come back together again. The one set of brothers thinks he's dead because of their betrayal for him. Joseph recognizes his brother. Let's let's go to the scriptures. Let's go to Genesis 42 and we'll start with verse one. I'm laying this foundation because I want you to put yourself in Joseph's place. Put yourself into the place of how someone did you so wrong. It would have been better if they would have just killed him. But instead, they slow they sold him into slavery, into torture, into the worst of the worst. And he's 20 years go by and he never forgets this. Genesis 42 verse1. Now when Jacob Now there's a famine in the land. The famine's been going on for about two years. Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said unto his sons, why do ye look one upon another? And he said, "Because I have heard that there was corn in Egypt. Get you down tither and buy for us from thence, that we may live and not die." And Joseph's 10 brothers went down to buy corn in Egypt. But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob, sent not with his brethren, for he said, "Lest per adventure, mischief befallen." So this is more than 20 years later that Jacob had lost his son. Joseph Benjamin was just a baby when Joseph was what he thought killed by the wild animal. And there was still a scar there on this old man Jacob. Now, I want to point out that it says um Joseph's 10 brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt. Corn is a King James translation word, and it's basically anything that has a kernel. So, wheat is mainly is usually what it's talking about. I I remember when I was a kid, um, dad invited this guy to church and the uh we were listening to a sermon and it was said that that they made corn cakes and he says, "Well, it couldn't have been corn because corn is native to the United States and and so so everything that you all believe is wrong." So the guy left and it was like I remember thinking like, "Wow, you're going to leave just because that the preacher said corn and not wheat?" And then I looked it up in the Bible. I was like, "No, the Bible says corn." And what had happened was he was just looking for a reason to leave. And he found it because of that. But just so you know, I mean, people there, like I've said before, a lot of people are always looking for their next former church. And that's what this guy was. And anyways, but just so you know that this means grain is what it means. And the sons of Israel, Jacob's name was changed to Israel. And the sons of Israel come to buy came to buy corn among those that came, for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And Joseph was the governor over the land. And he it was that sold to all the people of the land. And Joseph's brethren came and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth. Now, Joseph had ascended to the number two person in the most powerful country in the world, Egypt. So, Joseph was a big deal. And Joseph saw his brethren. This is 20 years later. And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them? And he said unto them, "Whence come ye?" And they said, "From the land of Canaan to buy food?" And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him. Joseph looked like an Egyptian. He was very, very different. He probably had a a haircut and a face more like mine, whereas clean and maybe a a beard, a fake beard, but he did not look like a Hebrew who had hair and and a full beard. He looked very, very different than what they were used to. And Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed of them and said unto them, "You are spies to see the n you are spies to see the nakedness of the land you are come." So if you know the story of Joseph, Joseph had a couple dreams before that his brothers would bow down before him. Another reason his brothers hated him. They're like, "Joseph, you ain't all that, man. Why are you having all these dreams? Like you like you're the you're the big one among us. You're the special one." And Joseph was just telling the dreams to his brethren. And here we see these dreams starting to come true. And they and Joseph remember the dreams which he dreamed and said to them, "You are spies and you see the nakedness to see the nakedness of the land that you are come." And they said unto him, "No, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come. We are all one man's son. We are true men. Thy servants are no spies. And he said unto them, "Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land, you are come." So it's customary. What Joseph is doing is it's customary that anyone from the outside would be met with suspicion. And today, national borders, it's always national borders are the same. Your passport is checked when you go across the border. They ask you where you're coming from and and what you're doing in the country. They put your stuff through the scanners in the airport. They are protecting the country. So what Joseph do is doing is really protocol. And he knows who he's talking to, but he also remembers that these men, they're his brethren, but he remembers that they are killers of what? Because of what they did to him. He doesn't know if they've repented. He doesn't know if they've changed. And they said, "Thy servants are 12 brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan. and behold, the youngest is this day with our father and one is not. So they're saying one of us is dead and they're saying that this is our brother. They're speaking of Joseph. So they left their youngest brother with their dad and they're speaking of their other brother Joseph who was they sold into slavery and they are assuming that he's dead. Imagine how that made Joseph feel. They're saying one is not. And there he is standing there. He's like, "No, you thought you killed me." Is probably what he's thinking in his mind. Did they ever try to find him? Did they ever go after him and say, you know, we did this wrong. Did they ever go to the Midionites and say, hey, we sold this this man. Could we find him? Is he in a prison somewhere? Is he a slave somewhere? They never even tried. At least Joseph doesn't know. And we don't there's no record of them ever even trying. And this is the man Joseph standing there and you know this is going through his mind. It's like you never even tried to find me. You forsook me and you thought I was dead. And Joseph said to them that is that is it that I spake to you saying you are spies. Hereby you shall be proved. Of course he wanted to prove them murderers. By the life of Pharaoh, you shall not go forth hence except out your youngest brother come hither." Benjamin the youngest never did anything to Joseph. He was too young. He was little and at home when all of that happened. Joseph says, "Send one of you and let him fetch your brother and ye shall be kept in prison that your words may be proved whether there be any truth in you or else by the life of Pharaoh surely you are spies." And he put them all together into ward three days. And Joseph said unto them the third day, "Do this." He said, "This do, and live, for I fear God. If you be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your of your prison. Now go ye and carry corn for the famine of your houses." So he's saying, "Just keep one here." and he's worried about I can see Joseph was probably worried about the families and he wanted to send grain to keep them from starving. But bring your youngest brother unto me so shall your words be verified and you shall not die. And and they did so. So he's keeping one hostage. He says, "Now go and take take the grain." Now they're going to talk privately among themselves. They didn't know that Joseph was a Hebrew and spoke Hebrew and understood what they were saying. Now, watch the guilt that these men feel from way back when. And they said one to another, "We are verely guilty concerning our brother." They're not talking about Benjamin. They're talking about Joseph. That regret, that pain was still with these 10 10 brothers. in that we saw the ang anguish of his soul and when he besought us and we would not hear therefore is this distress coming upon us. They're saying he was in the pit and he was crying out like guys don't leave me here I'm going to die in here and there they are eating lunch and maybe laughing at him. This was in their hearts. This regret, the sin that was on these brothers, they were feeling terrible. And Reuben answered them, saying, "Spake I not unto you, saying, do not this sin against this child, and you would not hear. Therefore, behold also, his blood is required." Reuben's the one that said, "Hey, don't do it. Just leave him." And he was going to come back and rescue him. But he's saying, "Hey, I told you so." But Reuben was also guilty. This is a 20-year-old feeling in these 10 brothers. They basically murdered their little brother because they were jealous. And once he was gone, there was no way for them to make it right. There was no way to apologize. There was no way to repent. Put yourself in their shoes. Friends, if if there is if you have done something wrong, if you have hurt someone, if you have sinned against someone, don't ever wait to make it right. Make it right as soon as you can because that opportunity to apologize might be taken away. The Lord might take that person, might move them away. They might just be lost as Joseph was. Make sure that you take every opportunity that you have to make a wrong right. And here they are just lamenting that they did what they did and they had no way to make these things right. You know, they're talking about what they did and and the regret that they're feeling was because of their own actions. And our greatest regret, friends, all of us, our greatest regrets are from what we have done or what we have not done. Our greatest regrets are not from what someone has done to us. is because of what we have done. Unconfessed sin or discord or even if you think you are right, it will still weigh upon you if there is discord. Matthew chapter 5, Jesus says this verse 22, he says, "But I say to you, I'll read the New King James Version. But I say unto you that whoever is angry with his with his brother without a cause shall be in c shall be in danger of judgment. And whoever says to his brother Raqqa shall be in danger of counsel. But you whoever says you fool shall be in danger of hellfire. Just calling him a name. Therefore, if you bring your gift to the altar and there remember that your brother has something against you. Leave your gift before the altar and go your way. First be reconciled to your brother and then come and offer your gift. Agree with your adversary quickly while you were on the way with him, lest your adversary deliver you to the judge and the judge hand you over to the officer and you be thrown into prison. Assuredly I say to you, you will will by no means get out of there until you have paid the last penny. So if you don't forgive and require someone else to pay their debt to you in the form of an apology, let's say, then you will be held to that same standard is what Jesus is saying. Back to Genesis 42:23. And they knew not that Joseph understood them, for he spake unto them by an interpreter. And he turned himself about from them and wept and returned to them again and communed with them and took from them Simeon and bound him before their eyes. So now his he takes his hostage which he had promised and it was Simeon. Look at the feelings of Joseph. Remember these Bible characters are real people. They're not just fictional stories. These are real people with real flaws. They are human. These guys sold him. They sent him to be a slave. He suffered horribly because of them. Now put yourself in Joseph's position at that time in the prison cell that you were sitting in the prison cell going over these things over over and over in your mind. Now you have them at your mercy. But there was something in Joseph that was real. Joseph had great character. We've heard many times that he is a type of Christ and there are so many similarities between this Joseph and this man Jesus Christ. Forgiveness is not the least of those. Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn and to restore every man's money into his sack to give them provision for the way. And thus did he to them. So he secretly placed the money that they gave him for the grain into their bags that they paid. And they laden their asses with corn and departed thence. And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass proer, in in the end he aspied his money, for behold, it was in his sack's mouth. So he opened up his bag to give his donkey some feed, and he found the money that he was going to give that he paid for this grain. And he said unto them, "Brethren, my money is restored, and lo, it is even in my sack." And there are their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, "What is this that God hath done to us unto us?" Now, this was a gift. They should have been happy. But look at what guilt does in our lives. It takes all our joy. It will take a a blessing and make you suspicious about that blessing. The most susp suspicious people are usually, not always, but the most suspicious people are usually often the most guilty people because they think that people act or are going to act the way that they act. They think that the way that people think are the ways that they think and they respond in the same way. And these men are acting like guilty men. Why is there money in our bag? Should have been a gift. Now, for time's sake, they bring the grain back and they tell their dad what the man wants. They get back to back to Jacob. They tell their dad what the man wants and that Benjamin needs to come and Jacob says, "No, not a chance. I'm not sending Benjamin. I lost one son and I'm not going to lose another one with you guys. So then time goes by and the famine gets worse and Jacob and his family, they run out of food. Now Judah takes the lead and he tells his dad, he says, "Dad, we got to go back to Egypt. We got to take Benjamin back to Egypt with us." before one of them, I think it was it was uh Reuben or Simeon, the one that didn't get kept, it was uh Reuben, he tells his dad, he says, "No, Dad, let us go back and if if we don't bring if if we don't bring Benjamin back with us with the grain, then dad, you can kill two of my sons." Oh, that's a great idea. Yeah, let me two kill two more of my grandchildren. You see how they're thinking? But Reuben, I mean, but but Judah, he says, "Dad," he says, "we got to go back." And he said, "The man told us, if we don't come with Benjamin, then don't come at all. So, let me take Benjamin. I personally guarantee his safety. It'll be on my head, Dad. We could go. We could have gone and come back twice by now. Let us go." Jacob gives in, says, "Take Benjamin and get the grain." So, they take Benjamin back to Egypt. They meet Joseph. And over and over, every time something goes wrong, the brothers refer back to their sin of Joseph. Every time they start to get pressure on them, they keep going back. We deserve this. We killed Joseph. God's punishing us for our sins from 20 years ago. That unconfessed sin. That sin that just that just stood on them, that unforgiven sin. Let's go to Genesis 44. Now they, as I said, Jacob gives in. They take Benjamin and all of them back. And Jacob's like, "Hey, bring some of these gifts and bring money to pay and just basically confess everything and please bring Benjamin back with the food." Joseph is there and he lifted up his eyes and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son. Now remember, his mother died in childbirth with Benjamin. So Benjamin also represented his mom. Everything that Joseph had in the world, every memory he has, every good memory is tied up in this Benjamin who he loved. He was just a little boy. his mom and his dad. And he lifted up his eyes and he saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and he says, "Is this your younger brother of whom you spake unto me?" And they said, "God be gracious unto thee, my son." And Joseph made haste, for his bowels did yearn upon his brother. And he sought where to weep, and he entered into his chamber, and he wept there, and he washed his face, and went out. I'm sorry, I'm on verse 31. And he washed his face and he went out and he refrained himself and said, "Set on bread." And they set on for him by himself and for them by themselves and for the Egyptians which did eat with with them by themselves because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews. For that was an abomination under the Egyptians. And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth. And the men marveled one at another. And he took and sent messes unto them from before him. But Benjamin's me Benjamin's plate was five times as much as theirs. And they drank and they were married with him. So they're having this banquet with this king of second king of Egypt. And then Joseph commanded verse number 44:1 Joseph commanded the steward of his house saying fill the men's sack with food and as much as they can carry and put every man money every man's money in his in his sack's mouth and put my cup the silver cup in the sack sacks mouth of the youngest in his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had said. And as soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, "Up and follow the men, and when thou do when thou dost take over them, overtake them, say unto them, wherefore have you rewarded evil for good? It is not this it in which my lord drinkketh and whereby indeed he divineth ye have done evil in in the sight evil in so doing so so Joseph's setting them up and he's putting this silver cup that's probably worth a lot of money in Benjamin's bag. So the steward steward catches up with them. He takes him. He's upset. He knows what's going on. He brings them all back to Egypt. Verse number 11. Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground and opened every man their sack and searched and began at the eldest and left the youngest. And the cup was found in Benjamin's sack. And they rent their clothes and laid it every man his ass, and returned to the city. And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house, for he was yet there, and they fell before him on the ground. And Joseph said unto them, "What deed is this that you have done? What ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?" And Judah said, "What shall we say unto my Lord? What shall we speak? Or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out, listen to this, God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants. Behold, we are my Lord's servants, both we and he also with the cup on whom it is found. So God has found out the guilt of your servants. They didn't steal a silver cup. It was the guilt that they had committed decades earlier. Judah knows they're guilty of a lot more than just stealing that cup. So skip to ver verse 33. Judah speaking. He says, ' Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of of the lad, a bondman to my lord, and let the lad go up with his brethren. For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me, lest per adventure I see the evil that shall come on my father?" So Judah now is offering himself to be a slave instead of Benjamin. It's overwhelming. And and Joseph sees the love from Judah for his father. And he sees Judah make a stand for Benjamin. And I'll bet Joseph took it personally. They sold me into slavery and never came looking for me. But now they are willing to give their lives for their brothers. People change, friends. People change. God will allow us to make a mistake. And some of us have made horrible mistakes in our lives. But don't judge someone on their sins. And even don't judge someone on their sins against you. Watch Joseph here. Joseph forgive forgave them. And we should forgive each other. Now watch the power of forgiveness in Joseph. It has such an effect. And we are still feeling the power of Joseph's forgiveness even this day. Genesis 45. and we'll close and the musicians can come. Then Joseph could not refrain himself from all them that stood by him. And he cried, "Cause every man to go out from me." And there stood no man with him while Joseph made himself known to his brethren. And he wept aloud and the Egyptians in the house of Pharaoh heard. And so the brothers are standing there and they're watching. And here's this powerful man that that can kill them or do whatever. And he just breaks down crying. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph. Doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him. For they were troubled as his presence. I bet they were. That guilt they probably thought that they were going to get killed. And Joseph said unto his brethren, "Come near to me, I pray you." And they came near, and he said, "I am Joseph, your brother, who you sold into Egypt. Now therefore, be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither, for God did send me before you to preserve life. For these two years hath the hath the famine been in the land, and yet there are five years in which there shall be neither neither earing nor harvest. So there's still five more years of this famine. And God sent me before you to preserve you in the at posterity in the earth and to save your lives by a great deliverance. So this man that you p pretty much murdered, I'm going to save you. Who does that sound like? The one that the one that you murdered, where'd you get these scars? In your hands. In the house of my friends. So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God. And he made me a father to Pharaoh and lord of all his house and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt. So he's saying that it was not you that sent me. It was not you that did it. It was God that did it. What an attitude from Joseph. Can you imagine? He said, "This is all for the best." Many of us could say, "I'm a better man now than before someone sinned against me." God used people and he uses he used Piper and he used Pharaoh and he used these these 10 brothers of Joseph to do him harm. But Joseph came out a better man because of it. He was the second most powerful man in the world. He had the authority to give. He had the authority to take. He had the authority to kill. He could have easy easily executed his brothers and just save Benjamin and and J and Jacob. But he chose to forgive and what came from it. I'm telling you, all of us should put the our place in Joseph's ourselves in Joseph's place. Nobody's done wrong to us like they did to Joseph. Put ourselves in Joseph's place. and he forgive. Now watch the power of forgiveness. He forgave them. He saved them. He preserved their lives no matter what they had done for them. He overcame it. And now he is feeding the family. And who comes from this line of Judah? King David. Later on without Joseph's forgiveness, there would be no King David. Who came from the from the the lineage of another brother, Levi, Moses. Samuel without the kindness of David and the forgiveness I mean the kindness of Joseph and the forgiveness of Joseph there would be there would have been no Moses. What if he would have chosen not to forgive? He had every right to not not to forgive. And how many of us friends have had things done to us and yet we harbor ill feelings in our hearts and if we would just forgive. They started weeping and praising and and they were all hugging Joseph. They were afraid at first but it was just this wonderful wonderful unity them coming together all the brothers and they were happy and Joseph's like no it was God that did all of this. Imagine if somebody did us wrong and we would say, "You know what? It was God that used you because I'm a better man now." I can say that. I can say that today. I'm a better man because of some of the things that I have suffered. And I can go to those people that have caused maybe some of the suffering, not bad, but some of the suffering in my life, and I can say, "I'm a better man." No, God used you. I'm a better man because of these things. And in preparation for tonight's communion service, friends, make sure you have forgiven everyone. Everyone who's ever done anything wrong to you, make sure there is no problem in your heart with them, whether they've asked for forgiveness or not. And then you watch what God will do in your life. if you can get past it and then make sure if you have done wrong to someone, make sure you go to that person because you might not have that chance ever again. Thank God for the these 10 brothers sake, they had a chance to make things right with their brother. And Joseph's like, "It wasn't you. It was God that did it." And think about Jesus Christ. Jesus comes up. Later on, we see they come to him and they say, "Where'd you get these scars?" Basically, you did them. These scars are what you gave me. My friends gave me these scars, but it was all for God. It was for salvation. Friends, do you get my point in my sermon? Never hold any hot any against anyone no matter what they have done to you. And if you have done anything to anyone else, make sure you make it right because you might not have that opportunity in the future. Amen. Will you consider it? Let's all stand. Brother Josiah, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. Sing it again. Yes, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Sing that again. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Lord, I will bless thee, oh Lord, [Music] with a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. And with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving. [Music] I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. Oh, with my hands lifted up. and my mouth filled with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Amen. Can you imagine the story of Joseph? And it's not just a story. This really happened. I mean, there's no stories that can compare to these stories that are in the Bible. They're just they're beautiful. Can you imagine this man and these people that did the worst that they could have done to him and him coming and them, oh, with just the repentance in their heart, h we're sorry. And he says, "No." He said, "It's okay." He said, "God did it." And God did it so that you might be saved. And look at our Lord Jesus. We might bow down before him and I do. And I say, "Lord, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I've failed you. I'm so sorry that I've made mistakes through my life." And then he just looks down at me, says, "Son, it's okay. I paid the price. You are forgiven. Now you go and forgive others as I have forgiven you. You go and make things right with others. You live what I have spoken. If you love me, sons and daughters, if you love me, keep my commandments is what the Lord Jesus said. So in preparation for tonight communion service, the Bible says, "Let a man examine himself." And if there be any problems with us, friends, there be any problems with someone else, make it right now. Make it right today. Maybe somebody that has done you wrong. Don't go to him and say, "I forgive you." But go to him and say, "I'm a better person now. I'm a better person because of all this." And whether they repent or not, it's nothing on you. It matters what you do. It doesn't matter what they've done. Amen. You feel good, friends. It's a good day. It's a good day to be a Christian. Let me tell you, you make things right with people. Oh, just the joy. If you can set aside those problems that you have with people and really forgive someone, it feels so good. And boy, it feels really good when you're forgiven and you can just set it set aside and move forward. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, we thank you Lord. We thank you for your forgiveness of all of us. And Lord, we want to take this spirit that is in your word. Take this spirit that we read in your Bible. And Lord, we want to manifest that spirit to others as Joseph did. Father, those that might hate us or speak evil of us. Lord, we pray for those people. Lord, have mercy on them. And Father, for those that we have done wrong. Oh dear God, let us let us get it get to them and make it right. Lord, help us. Lord, facilitate that. We pray that that we could go and make things right and just Lord feel just feel delivered from the weight of sin. Feel delivered from the weight of oppression and bondage. Lord, we thank you. We thank you for your word, Father. We thank you for this story of Joseph. Oh Lord, it it's just it just does my heart good. And now Lord, when when we sing that psalm or or Lord, when we read that psalm where it says, "Search me, oh Lord." Lord, we can come before you because we've made things right with our brethren. We can come before you and say, "Search me, oh Lord. There's sins all over. But Lord, you're looking through the blood of your son, Jesus Christ, and I've done everything that I can. Lord, let us get to that point. I pray bless each one here. Father, may every person present in this building today and those that are on through, Father, the stream, I pray for each one that all things would be well, that you would bless them, Lord, and help us, Father, help us to represent Jesus Christ in this day. In his name we pray. Amen. Amen. Here I am to worship. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, [Music] allto together wonderful to me. Yes, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to I'll never know. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that. I'll never know. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. Sing it. Just worship him. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovey. Allto together worthy. all together wonderful to me. Amen. Amen. Feels good, doesn't it? Boy, you know, I just I just love the thought of pleasing God. I just love the thought of harmony and unity. I just love the thought of love. It's just it's just be beautiful. Do you want to be a Joseph? Do you want to have that attitude? Do you want to Do you want to forgive your enemies? Do you want Do you want to do those things? I do so much. I do. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Again, we have communion service tonight, 5:00. Come ready. Come ready to take the the the body and the blood of the Lord Jesus in remembrance of him. And I believe it'll be I believe it'll be a good service. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, [Music] oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace. In the cliff of the rock, in your presence, oh God, I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are on the rock. I want to hide where the blazing fire cannot burn me. In your presence, oh God, in your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock, in your presence. Oh God, I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot reach me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, in your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, my God, in your presence, [Music] that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the clft of the rock, in your presence. Oh God, [Music] seeking your face. touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. In your presence, oh God, seeking your face.
