################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - The Life of David Pt9 Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-23
Title:   The Life of David Pt9: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSOlkOTK3E8
========================================

time once more in his time. In your time you make all things beautiful in your time, Lord. My life to you I bring. Great song I have to sing to you. A lovely thing in your time. Amen. Thank you so much. And good evening. Tonight, with the Lord's help, we conclude our series on the life of David. We've skipped much of his life, including famous stories like his defeat of Goliath. Instead, we've been focusing on those events that have psalms specifically tied to them to try and catch a glimpse of his heart in those situations. And for the most part, we have explored all of the psalms that are tied to specific identifiable narrative events in David's life. It's hard sometimes to fathom this complex man of seemingly great contradictions to to look into his heart, his motivations, to see what God saw in David, a man after his own heart. We followed his life mostly through the books of Samuel with minor fillins from the Chronicles. But how to conclude with a summary? other events in his life without corresponding psalms, just various psalms. Lessons we can draw from these many possibilities. If I concluded tonight with a narrative of the end of his life through the lens of Samuel and Kings, you might be shocked if you haven't read or remembered them or or saddened if you had of of his pride and his thirst for vengeance. If instead I read from 1 Chronicles, it' be telling of his co-regency with Solomon to ensure a smooth transition of royal power, sparing the nation from yet another civil war. And you'd be in some degree in awe at his love for the Lord, expressing his meticulous planning for the temple, which the Lord forbade him from building. forbade because he had shed too much blood. As the prophet Nathan said, he was too violent, too ready to kill. What to do? Before we open our Bibles to read, let's unite our hearts, purge our thoughts, and approach the Lord that he guide what is spoken and what is heard this evening. Lord Jesus, we're in awe of you. Lord, we're standing in your presence. Lord, we know that you're here and we desire to feel your spirit move amongst us, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would help me to be out of the way to get my head out of all this, Lord. That that you just might express yourself this evening, Lord, and that whatever is said, Lord, would be of help to those who are listening, Lord. Lord, we we look to you for guidance. We look to you for everything. We thank you for your word. We thank you for everyone that's gathered here, Lord. Our brothers and sisters, Lord, not just our brothers and sisters, my brothers and sisters. And Lord, I just pray that you would speak to us, speak through us, have your will, have your way. We thank you in Jesus precious name. Amen. Before you're seated, tonight our focus will be on the heart motive. What we can learn regarding what God wants from us. We'll start with only eight verses, but from four places, Matthew 5 and Leviticus 19 and Deuteronomy 25 and Psalm 139. From the sermon on the mount, Jesus speaking. Matthew 5:43. You have heard that it hath been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy." Said, "By whom?" What was he referring to? In Leviticus 19, we read, "Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart. Thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor and not suffer sin upon him." It's a little hard to understand. The another translation reads, "You shall not hate your fellow countrymen in your heart. You may certainly rebuke your neighbor, but you are not to incur sin because of him." Continuing, "Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, and listen up because I am the Lord." That's pretty clear about loving your neighbor. What about hating your enemy? Perhaps uh he was thinking of Deuteronomy 25. Remember what Amalecch did unto thee by the way when ye were come forth out of Egypt? How he met thee by the way, and smokeote the hindmost of thee, even all that were feeble behind thee when thou was faint and weary. And he feared not God. Therefore, it shall be, when the Lord thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies roundabout, and the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it, that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalecch from under heaven, and thou shalt not forget it. Thou shalt not forget to do so. We recall from our studies here, it was an Amalachite that killed the grievously wounded Saul at Saul's request and brought the news of Saul's and Jonathan's deaths to David. Later, David wrote in Psalm 139, "Do not I hate them, oh Lord, that hate thee, and am I not grieved with those that rise up against thee? I hate them with perfect, that means complete hatred. I count them my enemies. Please be seated. We've seen in the era and culture of David's time that punishment, earned or not, was harsh and swift. A messenger brings a message you don't like, kill the messenger. The concept brought to ancient Israel through Moses was that there were certain rules or laws which came from God that applied to everyone from the slave to the foreigner often called the stranger to the king. This was unheard of. Monarchs, whether they were called kings or emperors or queens or pharaohs, were above any laws. Their commands were the law. This was a very new concept. Palace intrigue, assassination of siblings and other close relatives to seize or retain political power was the order of the day. Even in David's and Solomon's households, family members were murdered to help secure power or exact revenge. priests divide with secular rulers to establish power, influence, wealth. Internationally recognized borders did not exist. A lot of times if you if you try to look up a map and say, "Well, I wonder the border of this place was to that." And different maps will have them in different places when you go to ancient times because they weren't borders. They were frontiers. What you could defend was yours. what you couldn't became the property of some other nation or clan or group. There was constant fighting on the frontiers. In fact, it's only in the last century or so of our times that borders become generally recognized and peaceful within Western society. When Joshua led the conquest of Canaan, we read of definite boundaries or borders between each of the various clans or tribes. Some questions arose, but internal borders between them appear to have been respected by all of them. This is also something new. The fighting mostly occurred at the boundaries between what the nation of Israel or Judah claimed and what their neighbors, the Amalachites, Ammonites, Amorites, Philistines, Phoenicians, and so forth counter claimed as their territories. Focusing back on David, we saw that he refused to fight back when Saul tried to kill him. When it was clearly in his power to destroy Saul, David refused. Nor would he allow any of his followers to harm Saul. Beyond Saul, David was always looking out for the nation, the descendants of Jacob, his shepherd's heart. when he fled from Jerusalem ahead of Abselum's arrival from Hebron, he said he did it to protect the people of Jerusalem, sparing them from what today we'd call collateral damage. Recall last time we read Psalm 3. Let's let's briefly review it again. A psalm of David when he fled from Abselum. Lord, how are they increase that trouble me? Many are they that rise up against me. Many there be which say of my soul there's no help for him and God say even God can't or won't help him now David's situation appears hopeless but thou oh Lord art a shield for me my glory and the lifter up of mine head in the midst of my troubles I'll continue to thank I'll continue to praise you I'll hold to the promises you have given me Even as I stagger under your chastisement, I cried unto the Lord with my voice. He heard me out of his holy hill. Say la. Say lie, you know means something. Think about this. Ponder that. Absorb it. I laid me down and slept. I awake for the Lord sustained me. Even in the midst of all this pressure, this tension, running for his very life, he's not tossing and turning. He's getting a good night's sleep. His confidence in the Lord is such that he's able to do that. I will not be afraid of 10 thousands of people. Literally, the Hebrew word translated 10,000s means multitudes. multitudes of people that have set themselves against me round about, very literal. Arise, oh Lord, save me, oh God. He's fully aware of the mortal danger he's facing. Thou has smitten all my enemies upon the cheekbone. Thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly, deprived them of their weapons, their strength, their stamina. Lord, you've done it before. You've promised. Please do it again. And a verse that really reveals his heart. Salvation belongs to the Lord. Thy blessing is upon thy people. Saha. Other translations say salvation, victory, deliverance. This is this is a a present tense kind of thing, not eventual salvation at some future time. This comes from the Lord. your blessing be on your people or may you bless your people. In other words, David was invoking the Lord to bless the very people who are chasing him. Why? They're his people. A shepherd's heart for his unruly sheep. Let's go back to that verse we read about Jesus sermon on the mount. You've heard it hath been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy." But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, pray for them which despitefully use you, persecute you. Is this some new thing Jesus is proposing? Out with the old, in with the new. Isn't it what David was doing and asking God to bless the people that were chasing him? In another place, Jesus said he came not to destroy the law, but to fulfill it. Did that mean he was superseding or replacing it? Or did it mean his life was being lived in a way that was in compliance with fulfilling the requirements of the law? Let's look at two examples from the law. First, how to treat your neighbor. Thou shalt not see thy brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them. Thou shalt in any case bring them again unto thy brother. You can't pretend you didn't see him. And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it into thine own house, and shall be with thee until thy brother seek after it, and thou shalt restore it to him again. He can't pretend, can't keep it. And like manner shalt thou do with his ass, and so shalt thou do with his raignment. With all lost thing of thy brothers which he hath lost, and thou hast found, shalt thou do likewise. Thou mayest not hide thyself. You can't pretend you didn't notice or try to keep it for yourself. Thou shalt not see thy brother's ass or his ox fall down by the way and hide thyself from them. Thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again. You have to stop and render aid. That's how you would treat your neighbor. What does the law say regarding how to treat your enemy? Exodus 23. If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again. If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and would forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him. These instruct us to help to assist our enemies, those that hate us in the same way we help and assist our neighbor. In some sense, there's no difference. So, we see that Jesus is really telling people that the law instructs helping those that oppose us. Not to help them to oppose us, but to help them as people, as neighbors. I'm reminded of a conversation I had uh with a neighbor shortly after we moved back to Tucson a dozen years ago. I'd sometimes go for a walk around the block, the place that we lived at that time. A fellow a few houses down would sometimes be out at the same time. We occasionally walked together and chatted. I forgotten the details, but in one of our conversations as we walked, he turned to me and commented, "We hate the sin, but we must love the sinner." Again, we saw David do exactly that and his relationship with Saul. Recently, Heather and I were viewing a lecture as part of a course on Jesus and his Jewish influences, trying to gain perspective on the era, the culture in which Jesus lived. The professor made a statement that was an aha moment for me. The light bulb went off, but but but it turned on at that time. The statement was that there was an ongoing and had been going on for a long time, an ongoing controversy in the late second temple period regarding the meaning of neighbor. Let's take a look at this. It pertains to David as well as to us. Recall that the land of Israel was under foreign rule from a little before 700 BC and including Judah from about 600 BC. We've talked about that when we went through the the books of the Old Testament. Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, Greeks, Seucids, a very brief period of independence under the Hasminians of the Mcabes. than subjugation once again under Rome. We're all familiar with the Ten Commandments, though we may have trouble reciting them. That's okay. I'm not going to ask. No test. The various laws and rules that came under Moses, a total of 613 that we read in the in the Torah, the first five books, were mostly dealing with various punishments, remedies, and practices. The commandment might say, "Thou shalt not steal." Well, what do you do if somebody does steal? Well, here's the rules. This is how you deal with it. At least twice. Jesus reduced all of this to two commandments. We'll first look at the second time that he did that, which was during his final week in Jerusalem. But when the Pharisees had heard that Jesus had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together. And then one of the Pharisees, which was a lawyer, asked Jesus a question, tempting him. It means testing Jesus. The questioner already knew the correct answer. And saying, "Master," which means teacher, not owner or boss, "master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind." This is the first and great commandment. The second is like unto it. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." That's a very striking statement. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. Isn't it interesting that neither of these are mentioned in neither of these are part of the ten commandments? The first of the ten commandments tells us we must not worship other gods but says nothing about loving God and certainly not the degree of love that God wants. We're told in the ten commandments to not kill or steal or lie or covet regarding others. We're not told we should love them. We read about loving your neighbor in our opening verses from Leviticus. The commandment to love the Lord is also found in the law of Moses. In Deuteronomy 6, we read here, "O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord." I think I've told you before when I would ride the bus to work in Israel and they would turn on the radio station at 6 am or whenever the radio stations came on then and they would be singing this very song the Israel Adonia Adonai every morning in Israel if you turn the radio on you would awaken to this commandment here. Oh Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God how much? with all thine heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind. Consider love is a it's a relational word. It's not a behavior. Love speaks to motive. Jesus is driving at the motive, not the action or the behavior. You should worship God because you love God, not because you're afraid of punishment. If you don't, you don't mistreat your neighbor out of fear of punishment if you get caught, but because you love him or her and therefore desire the best for them. We're being told that the motive is more important than the specific action and that the motive must be love, not fear. Micah, a person after David, but before Jesus, said in Micah 6, "Wherewith shall I, how shall I come before the Lord and bow myself before the high God? Shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? Will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams, or with 10,000s of rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body, for the sin of my soul? He hath showed thee, oh man, what is good. And what does the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, to love mercy, to walk humbly with thy God. When Jesus was asked about the greatest commandment, as we just read, his answer was not unexpected. In Mark's account of this event, we learn of the reaction of the questioner. And one of the scribes, Matthew told us he was a Pharisee and a lawyer, came and having heard Jesus and the Sadducees reasoning together, and perceiving that Jesus had answered them well, asked Jesus, "Which is the first commandment of all?" And Jesus answered him, "The first of all commandments is here. O Israel, the Lord our God is one God. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind, with all thy strength." This, this is the first commandment. And the second is like, "Name this, thou shalt love thy neighbors thyself. There's none other commandment greater than these." And the scribe said unto him, "Well, master, again, master means teacher." Well, master, thou hast said the truth, for there is one God. There is none other but he. To love him with all the heart, with all the understanding, with all the soul, with all the strength, to love his neighbor as himself is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices. They're they're saying this in the grounds of the temple where sacrifices are being offered. And when Jesus saw that the Pharisee, lawyer, scribe answered discreetly, Jesus said to him, "Thou art not far from the kingdom of God." Now, we're starting to get to the crux of the matter. The question that was being asked and discussed, the matter that was driving wedges between people who should have been standing together. That sounds all too familiar sometimes. It's a question of doctrine, of of meaning, of interpretation. Just who exactly is my neighbor? We've all heard of the Dead Sea Scrolls, preserved fragments of the library, the Kuman community, generally agreed to be a sect known as the Essenes. In addition to priceless copies of almost the entire Hebrew Bible and pushing the oldest copies of the Bible back by a thousand years or more back to about 200 or 100 BC, there were many other documents found that related to the Kuman texts beliefs and doctrines. One of these is called the war scroll. It describes an apocalyptic battle between the sons of light and the sons of darkness. Naturally, the consider themselves to be well, we're the sons of light. Clearly, the sons of darkness, everyone who's not in a scene, if you don't agree with us, clearly you're wrong. You're bad. Certainly, you're not my neighbor. the Pharisees, the Sadducees, everyone who disputed their calendars, their observances, the practices of the Essenes. Jerusalem's polluted, the temple polluted for the Essenes, their fellow neighbors, their neighbors were the fellow members of their community, their doctrine, their group, their denomination, their set of beliefs. the rest of the Jewish nation, sons of darkness, to be ultimately destroyed in their equivalent of the battle of Armageddon. Does any of this sound familiar? I find it scarily familiar. Earlier in his ministry, Jesus had a conversation about the meaning of neighbor. We're all familiar with it, but But let's read it. Let's consider it the context. Jesus had sent out 70 disciples two by two to preach throughout Judea. And they had just returned and reporting back to him. Lord, this happened and this happened and it was so wonderful and it was so great. And behold, a certain lawyer, possibly, and I think probably one of the 70 returning disciples, stood up and tempted. We have a very negative connotation about the word tempted, but it means tested. He asked, it's a common practice, a common teaching technique. It doesn't necessarily mean he was challenging Jesus or trying to trip him up, but but he asked him, saying, "Master, teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?" And Jesus said to him, "What's written in the law? How readest thou? What do you think?" Answering a question with a question. Again, it's a teaching technique. Jesus is the teacher and this this lawyer is the student, the disciple. Disciple means student, right? And he answering Jesus said, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul, with all thy strength, with all thy mind, thy neighbors thyself." And Jesus said unto him, "Thou hast answered right. this do and thou shalt live. Good job. High fives. You got it. But he willing, wanting to justify himself, said unto Jesus, "But who is my neighbor?" Maybe what he's saying is, "There are some people that I I don't love, and in fact, I hate them, but they're not my neighbor, so it's okay, right?" He's trying to justify himself. And Jesus knows that he doesn't know the answer. So he's not going to ask him a question. He's going to give him the answer this time. Jesus answering said, "Who's your neighbor?" A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raignment and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead. A certain man, might have been a Roman, one of the oppressors, not necessarily an Israelite. All we know is he was an adult. He was a male and he was a human. That's all we know. And and by chance there came down a certain priest that way. We assume we assume it's from Jerusalem to Jericho. It must be a Jewish priest, a Sadducee or a Pharisee. But Samaritans had priests. It could have been a Samaritan priest. We don't know. And when the priest saw the wounded man, the priest passed by on the other side of the road to remain ceremonially clean. He couldn't come near a dead body. He'd have to go through a whole procedure after that. He assumed the guy was dead and went on his way. Likewise, the Levite, thus associated with the temple and therefore with Judaism, when he was at the place where the injured man lay, he came, he came closer and looked on him and then crossed the road and passed by on the other side. Notice as we go down the chain of hierarchy, the passers by get closer from the priest to the Levite. The priest stays over. The Levite gets close enough to observe the guy to see he wasn't dead. Maybe he continued on his way looking over his shoulder in case the thieves which attacked the stranger was still in the area posing a danger to him. We don't know why. Jesus doesn't tell us why because that's not the point. But a certain Samaritan, despised, held at arms length by the general Jewish population, we're told. And Jesus is talking to a Jewish man. A Samaritan as he journeyed. Now, we're not told why a Samaritan would be traveling from Jerusalem down to Jericho. It's not exactly in or near Samaritan territory. Regardless, he's a traveler and he's riding on a donkey or or or some other animal. He came where the injured man was. And when the Samaritans saw him, he had compassion on him. He realized he wasn't dead. And dismounting went to him, bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine. And this isn't a doctrine if somebody is injured to pour oil and wine on them. It's it's the state of medicine and first aid 2,000 years ago. We're a little further than that now. At least I hope. And seeing the injured man couldn't walk set him on his own beast. And the Samaritan now walking brought him to an inn and took care of him. And on the tomorrow when the Samaritan departed, he took out two pence, gave them to the host, the guy running the inn, and said to him, "Take care of him. Whatsoever thou spendest more? When I come again, I'll repay thee." Jesus then turns to the student lawyer, and says, "Which now of these three thinkst thou? Was a neighbor unto him that fell among the thieves? And the the student lawyer replies, "He that showed mercy on him." Then Jesus said unto him, "Go and do thou likewise." It may not be convenient. It may be out of your way. It may cost you to help somebody that is a complete stranger. Go and do likewise. Sometimes when I come to this part of the gospels, I I fail to see that command that Jesus just spoke. Be compassionate to others. Show mercy even if it's not convenient. At at this point, we've seen that the law and the prophets hang on these two commandments. Love God, love your neighbor. Did you know that Jesus compressed it even more to one commanded or or instruction of behavior based on these two which deal with motive? If I were to ask you, this isn't a test, but if I were to ask you to condense the law and the prophets, the practice of loving God and loving your neighbor into a single statement of 25 words or less, what would you say to me? What is the law and the prophets that hang from the love of God and love of neighbor? Okay, I shouldn't be listening. It wasn't a test. Matthew 7, therefore, all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do you even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets. This is the law and the prophets. This behavior rooted in the motive of love. It's what hangs on the two commandments of loving God and loving your neighbor. Luke puts it this way. As you would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise. Skipping down a couple of verses. But love ye your enemies. Do good and lend hoping for nothing again. And your reward shall be great, and you shall be the children of the highest. Why? For he, the Lord, is kind unto the unthankful, and to the evil. Be ye therefore merciful, as your father also is merciful. And another place Jesus says, "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy." You know, I there's a this statement of Jesus was stated in a slightly different way by a by a Jewish sage of Jesus time, a fellow named Hillel is very highly respected guy. He became the president of the Sanhedrin. And if we take the dates that Josephus said this guy lived, then he probably would have been one of the main guys in the temple when Jesus was dedicated as a baby. And it's he was still alive. He may have been one of the people that Jesus was speaking with at 12 years old when his parents couldn't find him when they were on their way back to to uh Bethlehem and or back to Nazareth and Jesus was in the temple. astonishing people with with the depth of his knowledge and his grasp. We're told that Jesus grew in in wisdom. There was a a time and and Hill's grandson was a fellow named Galia who was one of the one that said, "Let's not judge these disciples of Jesus too quickly." And and was probably the very same Galia that taught Paul. And and there's a story it's recorded in the in the Babylonian Talmud, which is not scripture, but it's Jewish um commentary, if you will. Um and and it talks about a fellow. It says there was an incident involving a gentile who came before Shamai. Shami was a contemporary of Hillel also in the temple. Shamai was a very strict, rigid bump bump kind of a guy. And Hel was a little more Nice. He this this gentile came before Shemi and said, "Convert me to Judaism on condition that you teach me the entire Torah, the entire penetuk as I stand on one foot." Shemide chased him away. Get out of here. The same Gentile came before Hell and he said, "Convert me on condition that you teach me the entire Torah while I'm standing on one foot." And we're told that Hell converted him. How? He said to him, "That which is hateful to you, do not do to another." That is the entire Torah. The rest is its interpretation. Now go study. The same thing Jesus was saying. Do unto treat others the way you wish to be treated. The rest is commentary. This is the law and the prophets, said Jesus. I'm reminded of a story brother Daniel shared with us when when he worked at Voice of God in Jeffersonville. I may not have this perfectly accurate, but Daniel Jr. is here and he can sort me out. Thank you. Uh, as I recall, the power went out in the in the building where they were working and all the employees gathered together and might have been the cafeteria. I don't remember. Brother Billy Paul, brother Random's uh son, he talked a bit and he told them, you know, one thing is that he could never tell who was his father's friends and who were his enemies. He treated everyone alike. Brother Green told us of a time when he was with brother Random and Brother Random had related some some issues about a certain brother and he said sometime later they they were driving together near where that brother lived. Brother Brandham mentioned you know brother Perry if we had time we could stop in fellowship with brother soandso. Brother Green expressed surprise that brother Brandon would want to do that. Brother Random admonished brother Green. And he said, "Brother Perry, I'm disappointed in you. Just because he's a crook, he's still my brother." We could review the last years of David's life, how he found the place to build the temple, the preparations, his last words found in First Kings versus the closing of his life in 1 Chronicles. Instead, let's look at how Paul described David in Hebrews 11, the chapter we often call the heroes of faith. We covered this in our opening lesson on David's life, it seems fitting to close with it as well. When Paul was recounting some of the heroes of faith in Hebrews chap 11, he wrote in verse 32, "What shall I say more? For the time would fail to tell me of Gideon hiding from the Philistines to thresh a little grain for his family. And of Bareric, who refused to do anything without Deborah accompanying him, and of Samson and his diance with Delilah, and of Jeffa, whose vow cost his daughter her life. Paul's telling us to stop looking at the weaknesses we all possess because God looks beyond our flaws. He looks for something else. That something else is a gift that he alone can give. Recall when Samuel went to Jesse's house to find the the person that was going to be the king after God's own heart that that the Lord admonished him don't look at the physical stature of this person. I look on the heart. God doesn't see as man sees. And of Jeff of David also and Samuel and of the prophets. I've highlighted David and the descriptions that apply to him in these verses in yellow. Who through their cleverness and skill? No. Who through their knowledge of doctrine? No. Political collection connections, their wealth, no. who through their faith, subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword. We've covered these things. They're stirring your memory, I'm sure. out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight, the armies of the aliens, skipping to verse 38, of whom the world was not worthy. They wandered in deserts and mountains and dens and caves of the earth. We've seen all of that play out in David's life. And these all having obtained a good report through their merits. No, through the gift God gave to them, their faith receive not the promise. God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect, should not be made complete. David, the great king whose love of God is expressed in so many psalms and in the record of his life is waiting on me. He's waiting on you. He's waiting on us. We are none of us complete without all of us throughout time. And it is through the gift of faith. The gift. Ephesians 2. For by grace are ye saved. Through faith. And that not of yourselves. It is what? The gift of God. Why? Not of works. Lest any man should boast. It's a gift. God is sovereign. We are not. It's only our pride or arrogance that might suggest that we are. The life of David is full of lessons for us. Like me, he was not perfect. As brother Aaron said, it gives us hope. He had a temper. He held grudges, lashed out. He he murdered Uriah to try and hide his sin. But he was also able to sincerely repent, to worship, to try his best under difficult circumstances. He spared Saul when he could have easily killed him to claim the throne that God had promised him. This guy's out trying to kill me. God told me I'm going to succeed him. He's right there. I've got the sword. We're all flawed. We're all imperfect. And in our relationship with God and with each other, as Jesus pointed out to us, we must come from the right the right motive. I I remember brother Random often said, "Can you do something? Check your motive and your objective. Why are you doing it? What are you trying to achieve? Remember the words of Jesus to the lawyer questioning him. He answering Jesus said, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy strength, with all thy mind, thy neighbor as thyself." And Jesus said unto him, "Thou hast answered right. This do, and thou shalt live." Physicians would would please return. Our motive is more important to God than our deeds. From the sermon on the mount, Jesus speaking, "Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and thy name have cast out devils. In thy name done many wonderful works, had powerful ministries. We led people to you. We foretold events accurately. People were healed. Lord, we did the very same things you did that you showed us. Clearly, this is doing the will of the father. Hallelujah. And then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. I never knew you. Never had a relationship. It isn't what you did. It was a motive behind it. And if that motive isn't love, genuine, heartfelt, honest love of God and your neighbor. Oops. Love isn't an attitude or a reservoir of knowledge. It's relationship. And that's what Jesus wants and requires with us. A relationship. In spite of his flaws, David loved the Lord with all his heart. And the Lord loved David. David, in spite of his rank as king, was able to humble himself before God. just as he had as a young boy tending his father's sheep. Later as king, he wasn't too proud to ask forgiveness, to admit his faults, confess his sins, accept God's correction, excuse me. And Jesus was known as the son of David. Not of Judah or of Solomon or Hezekiah or Josiah, not of Abraham or Isaac or Jacob. But as a son of David, my prayer, my fervent prayer is that together, in spite of our flaws, we will be known as sons and daughters of God. As we close this portion of the service, this series on David, let's stand. Excuse me. I'd like to sing from some of the songs that David wrote. They were the song and praise book of ancient Israel. The words he's penned are still true and just as powerful today. First from Psalm 139. Search me, oh God. [Music] Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. [Music] Try me, oh Savior. Know my thoughts I pray. See if there be some wicked way in me. cleans me from every sin and set me free. H how how will he do this this searching and this cleansing from Psalm 51? Create in me a clean heart. [Music] created that you are, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. And renew a thy spirit within me. and with a searched heart and and a cleansed heart will then be able to realize what was written in Psalm 19. The love of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is sure. making wise the simple. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart. The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. More to be desired are than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey, and the honey cold. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous allto together. More to be desired are they than gold, gave than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey, and the honey cold. Moreover, by them is thy servant warm. is thy servant war over my lamb. Is thy sour. The keeping of them there is great reward. There is great reward. and the keeping of them there is great reward. Amen. And in the keeping of them, if you'll surrender, he'll help you to keep them. They did their best to keep the law, but they failed. And they missed it here and they did there. But he promised I'll be in you be with you even in you and you can turn to him. So and I to think how Paul writes of these these great men in chapter 11 and and brother Ly took a moment to show what was also recorded of them. But when God sees it through his perfect sacrifice, it's clean. It is well and amen. And it just as he was finishing and I asked him to get this song ready. I will serve thee because of I love thee. Oh, I will serve thee because I love you. You have given life to me. I was nothing before you found me. You have given life to me. Oh heartache, broken pieces, ruined lives are why you died on Calary. Your judge was what I long for. You have given me as brother Lyall was finishing up. If you just go ahead and keep playing that, it brought brought to memory where brother Brandham said, "There's they told the Lord told brother Brand there's going to be a test laid out for you today." and he's ministering and there was a couple sitting out in the congregation that been began to do things they shouldn't be doing got immoral and and all is going and the angel told him whatever you say is what will happen if you want them their life taken if you want them this but see it's a spirit of Christ that said I forgive you. And as hard as it is sometimes, [Music] it's to turn around and say, "It's okay. I forgive you." And in forgiveness that God can do, it's also blotted from his memory. It's not on a list that well, I forgive you until you do it again or if No, I forgive you. So the next time he says, and you say, "Lord, I've done it again." He says, "No, you haven't. This is the first time. And if you'll confess, he'll make it right. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful, loving Lord. Amen. One more time. I will serve thee. I will serve thee because I love thee. You have given life to me. I was nothing before you found me. You have given life to me. They were heartaches, broken pieces. Ruined lives are why you died on Calary. Your tongue was what I long for. You have gi life to me. Let's just bow our heads as as we close. Lord, we've we've spent some time and we also want to appreciate the time that Brother Ly spent studying, researching, waiting on you. And sometimes, Lord, we're waiting on the inspiration that doesn't seem to come. We turn our notes and we look this way and that way. Is this what it is? Lord, but I believe the words that you put on brother L's heart over this whole series is what we was what was meant to be. So, we want to appreciate you and appreciate our brother for doing that and ask a special blessing, just an encouragement, just a strengthening for brother Lyall to give this way, Lord. Father, and as our as this day ends and we go into a a new day, Lord, let us be uh just remember that Lord, you said you would never leave us, but you'd go with us. You would be in us, Lord, so we can have that rest, Father. We can have that peace, Lord, to each one, Lord. Remember our pastor, Brother Dan, as he he begins to head home tomorrow, Lord. May may he have a quick safe journey Lord and and we thank you for all that was accomplished Lord and the help that he was able to give and trust Lord the help that he was able to receive Lord. So we commit this day and the rest of our lives to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And if you'll remember me, Lord willing, Sunday morning, we'll be ministering for brother Robert Figaro and um and just that we can help them. So as we go, the longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. [Music] Oh, the longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows, and the more that I love him, more lovely bestow. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grew. The more that I love him, more love he bestows. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter. God bless you tonight. Oh, the longer I say, the sweeter he, the more that I love him, more loving. Each day is like heaven overflows along. I serve your sweetness. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I found. I was lost, but now I see. When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun with no less to sing God's praise than when be first be done. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music]
