################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - Jonah's Prayer Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-03
Title:    Jonah's Prayer: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gpp6yln8lA
========================================

Description:
Sunday, August 3, 2025 10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans continues with our series on prayer with the story of Jonah, and how he repented and then prayed. Jonah 1 and 2.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
will bow and every tongue confess the name of Jesus. [Music] Jesus. [Music] If we truly put him first and put him in the center of our lives, then we never have a worry in the world. If we can just do that. Let's pray. Our father, Lord, as you're in heaven looking down upon us, we ask Lord that our worship would come up before you as the incense of old would come up before you from the altar. May our prayers come up before you in the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, may they be heard in your ears. Lord, would you answer? We pray. visit us, Father, this morning. Pray that you would be welcome here. And Lord, that you would speak to the hearts of all of us. And Lord, that we might leave this service this morning closer to you. Granted, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you. You can be seated. you appreciate having Josiah and Katie back with us. It's uh it's good to have them back. Just they're just wonderfully talented young people and um and they're just such a blessing to all of us. Greetings to our visitors. We've uh got uh a um brother David and brother um I'm sorry, brother Patrick, brother Christian from uh last week is good to see you brothers again. And you brought with us your cousins David and John from Phoenix. Welcome brothers. God bless you. It's good good to have you. And uh this brother, I don't know if I got your name. &gt;&gt; Brother Pierre. Yes. Um, I have this brother Pierre and sister Naomi from uh from Brother Ron's church. God bless you. Welcome. Greet brother Ron for us. It's good to see you. And uh, Sister Rachel from Germany. Where are you there? Oh, yeah. God bless you, sister. Good to see you, brother. You're uh, I think you're a niece to brother Bernard Frank, right? Good to see you guy. God bless you. Greet brother Bernard when you go back home. And then uh somebody I haven't seen in a while. Sister Alex um with Jessie. Jesse and Christopher Collins. Where are you? Sister Alex. There you are. God bless you. Good. Good to see you. Welcome. Honor to have you. And I think I got if I missed you visitors, welcome. God God bless you all. Malachites, good to see you. Wance, good to see you there in the back. God bless you. It's good to have uh um our friends um brother Paul, sister Andreana back home from overseas. Welcome. Good to see you, brother Paul. Just you look like you fit in perfect in Scotland, man. I always said he looks like Shan Connory and he just glad to glad to have you back. Um, so, uh, Brother Ed mentioned that we have a lot of construction going on. That's what these lines are. These lines are actually what happened is they pulled the carpet back. They shaved down. There's a big ridge in the middle of the church here. They shaved it down so we can um, lay the carpet. Brother Ed was quick to point out that now we have seating in the front is first class. The middle is economy plus and the back is just economy. So So you all are in in first class here this morning. Brother Ed sent me a picture of the tape and um so yeah, it's uh it's good to have it. So, we're going to continue on with the construction. And the next step is uh in a couple weeks, if the Lord's willing, we will rip out all of the this carpet. We're going to replace it with a new carpet. And uh so there's going to be a lot of um just a lot of things going on. Brother Ed mentioned that we're going to put replace a glass back there. There's going to be some railings put up. We need to finish the railings up in the balcony. So, quite a bit of construction. And with that, we also have quite a few people missing. We have all kinds of people missing either on vacation, traveling. Um so what we're going to do for August and September is we are only going to have Sunday evening service every other service. So tonight we will not have Sunday evening service. Next week we will have Sunday evening service and that's because of all the people missing all the construction and everything that's going on. So, um, we will do that August and September and then we will get back to our normal schedule in October. Um, I think that's it for the announcements. We're looking forward to we got the the wheelchair ramp poured back there. We're looking forward to getting this done and then if the Lord's willing in um October, November time frame, we will probably once we finish all the sanctuary, we will have meetings and we will rededicate the church. really looking forward to that recap on last week. We started a series on prayer. And I think it's really I think it's the most important thing that's in our lives is praying. It's fellowship between us and the Lord. And I hope that you remembered from last Sunday that God wants to talk to us more than we want to talk to him. He created the Garden of Eden for his children and then he's preparing a place now for his children to go back to that is going to be an eternal place of joy and peace. Talked about last week that the Bible it is uh neither a science book nor is it a history book and it's not meant to be read like that. The Bible is a book of relationship from the start to the finish. It's a relationship between God and his children and us. So when we are reading this Bible, we can place ourselves into the word and we can learn more about God and how it pleases God for us to commune with him. And it really it all comes back to prayer. We went through Genesis 1 and showed how God created everything for his children. And at the end again, he wants us to be with him in eternity. Told the story and I hope you remember this. I told the story of the of the purchase price. And if you buy something, if you spend whatever money on whatever item it is, that purchase price, it was worth it to you to pay that money for that item. So that item that you bought was worth to you more probably than what you paid for it. And that is our souls. God gave his only begotten son. And we were worth this life of his son Jesus Christ. The purchase price. That's how much we are worth to God is that he would give his son. And it is very very important that our way of communing with God and our way of speaking with God, our way of fellowshipping with God is through prayer. It should be the number one thing in all of our lives. And so often it's the thing that suffers the most. But prayer is the most important thing that we can do. More important than reading our Bible, more important than going to work, more importing important than eating or drinking is prayer. It should be number one. I looked up a couple we'll continue on with prayer this morning. I want to talk about Jonah. U but before we get into that, I looked up a couple a few facts about prayer in the Bible. I got this from gospelcoalition.org. Um these are very interesting. We have record of Jesus praying about 25 times in the four gospels. Can you imagine the son of God, God himself in flesh praying and praying not just once but 25 times we have that he's either referring to prayer or praying. If the son of god had to pray that much how much more do we have to pray Moses we have him praying about 20 times. David. Many, many prayers that King David prayed. If you count the Psalms with the Apostle Paul, up to 41 times, Paul is either praying or he mentions prayer. The greatest men in the entire Bible are really the ones that prayed the most. There are about five different positions listed in prayer. So often we ask, Lord, how do you want me to pray? Am I supposed to kneel? Am I supposed to stand? It's there. There's different times. There's one time that Jesus or that God instructs to that was sitting when they're praying. Nathan came to the prophet. Nathan the prophet came to David and tell to tell him that he couldn't build the temple but his son would. And um it says this, then when King David went in, he sat before the Lord and said, "Who am I, oh Lord, and what is my house that thou has brought me hither to?" So David sat and prayed. Standing and praying. Jesus said in Mark Mark 11, he says, "When you stand praying, forgive if you ought to if you have ought against any other that your father also which is in heaven may also forgive forgive you of your trespasses." And kneeling in prayer, Daniel 6, Luke 22, Acts 7, Acts 9, Acts 20, Acts 21, Ephesians 3, Daniel and then back to Daniel. Daniel knelt in prayer with his windows open and he kneelled before the Lord and faced Jerusalem, faced the temple at Jerusalem when he prayed. 1 Timothy chapter 2, Paul says that you lift up holy hands. He says, I will therefore that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands without wrath and without doubting. And it's so the Bible teaches us that many many there's not a specific way or or a specific posture that we have in praying. There's other places where Jesus he he laid down with his with his face to the ground and prayed. So there's not a specific way that we have to pray and not a more reverent way. We need to pray as the Lord leads us to pray. When we pray, we always say the word amen. Amen. As we know it means so be it. It means let it be. Something on the order of let these things that I have just prayed let them be so. When we say amen at the end of our prayer. There are about 650 prayers in the Bible. And there about 450 answered prayers in the Bible. So prayer is a very very important thing. just me and I I'll give a short testimony of just me last week. Stephanie and I were kind of worried about some things that are coming up and I just had a lot of anxiety about just some personal um situations that we may have to overcome and just worrying about it and worrying about it. And before I went to come out on a Wednesday night last week, I believe it was, I was just worrying about it in my office. And then I said, "Wait a minute. How many times have I encouraged other people to pray and to lay these things in the hands of the Lord and the Lord?" And as soon as my knees hit the floor, the Lord took all of the burden away. He talk all of the anxiety away and I just placed it into his hands because I know that he's he's gonna take care of me that it's going to be whatever happens whether it be in church or whether it happens with with our families whatever it would be if we would just lay it into his hands he has our best interest in mind and he wants to take care of us and it's a bit sad and I can say this in my own personal life and you can probably too that the times that I have been closest to God are the times that have been the hardest in my life. It's the times that I've had to overcome or the times that bad things happened or the times that maybe I made mistakes and I fell and I had to come back to God. And those are the times that I had there's nothing that I could do. I couldn't take the situation into my own hands and I would put it into the hands of the Lord and then he would take care of it and that faith would rise up in me. But it to me it's sad that we have to make a mistake or we have to go through bad things before we put things into the hands of God. We should be praying like we have a terrible thing coming. We should be praying like that all of the time. Just put it in into his hands. Put our lives into his hands every day. was um I have a friend that right now in the past and over the past couple weeks he has spent time praying. He went to a place that he felt that the Lord would heal would hear him. And he has been praying for his family and his family, none of them would he consider uh believers. They don't want to follow the Lord like he's following it. And he has just been praying and and there was there was one day that he spent 24 hours in prayer. didn't eat, didn't drink, just stayed in prayer the whole time. And I know him and I see that his motives are not correct. And I don't know if the Lord's going to hear those prayers because he has in his mind what he wants his children and what he wants his wife to be. And he's praying that they would come to the Lord and see things the way that he sees things. And he should be really praying, Lord, I want what you want. I want my children, I want my wife to have a personal relationship with me. They don't have to come and see things the way I see things. I want them to just know you, dear God. That is what he should be. And I I see that he is trying to pull them in a certain way and they just don't want to go in that way. And instead really of getting together and asking God what Lord, what do you want? He is instead asking the Lord. He's really putting the Lord in a box and saying, Lord, here is what I want. I want them to be coming to come to church with me. I want them to act like this. I want them to believe like this. And really, he should just be surrendering. And that is the kind of prayer that God hears. He hears a complete surrender. I had another friend a while ago that he was really struggling. He wanted to homeschool his kids and his wife didn't want to. And there was just a battle going on in the family and it was really taking a toll on their on their marriage. And he told me the next day he came and came to my office and he says he says yeah he says I was praying last night he says my wife was praying and he said I laid my hands on my hand on her and I said dear Lord will you show her that she's wrong in this. I said dude you're lucky you got that hand back. That's not the way that you approach prayer. When you approach prayer that you're together in this and you say, "Lord, what is your will in these things?" We want to find what your perfect will is for our family because it might be right for this family and it might not be right for that family. The one thing that we know is always right is that we approach Jesus Christ. He is the way, the truth, and the life. He is the king. He is it. And if we would approach him and ask him, Lord, what is right in our family? Then the Lord will speak to us instead of having our preconceived notions about these things. Lord, we want what you want and we surrender. Remember also who we are praying to. St. John, let's let's read St. John 14:1. Jesus says this. Jesus says, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive unto receive you unto myself, that where I am, you may be also." Remember last Sunday's lesson? Jesus's desire, God's desire is to have fellowship with his children. And Jesus's greatest desire is for us to be with him in heaven. He is preparing a place for us to spend eternity or at least the next thousand years. He is working on this place and it's going to be like the Garden of Eden. It's going to be perfect and he wants us to be there. That's his desire. We get all we get all kinds of things in our heads, but we have to remember what God wants. Verse number four. And whether I go, you know, and the way you know. NIV says, you know the way to the place where I am going. Thomas, one of his disciples, was listening to this and and he was like, what? I don't get it. I don't get what the Lord what Jesus is saying. And Jesus and Thomas said unto him,"Lord, we know not whether thou goest, and how can we know the way?" NIV is a little bit easier to understand. It says, "Lord, we don't know where you are going, so how can we know the way?" Jesus said unto him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the Father but by me." What does that mean? No one comes to the father except through me. We always think it's salvation. We always think that well you to be saved to have eternal life that you have to come through the lord Jesus which is true but that's not all that he said. He said no one can come to the father except by me. And the same goes for our prayers. When we approach God, it is through Jesus Christ and him alone. How can anyone expect God to hear a prayer if it is not through Jesus Christ? Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one no one can come to the father except by me." So when we pray, it must be according to Christ and him only. We can't have it through our way of thinking or we can't even really have it through our desires. We don't put a God in a bo God in a box. I say that a lot. We always want him to fit our mold of what God should be. We approach him, we should approach him as the almighty God. And Lord, I am just trying to find your will in all of this and say, "Yeah, I don't care, Lord. I don't care what you how you do it. I don't care what it what ends up, but just please get me Lord out of this mess that I've got myself into or pray that that Lord help my family or whatever it is. Or better yet, we pray to him all the time and we give him our prayers and our thanks and we give him our love all the time and not just when we have a a problem. Paul said that we pray always. That's the best way. It's not just when we need something. How would I like to have a friend that just calls me when he needs something? How would I like to have kids that just talk to me when they need something? That's that's not that's not a good relationship. So whether we pray on our knees, whether we pray standing, whether we pray sitting, whether whatever we whatever we are doing, we just say, "Lord, just hear my prayer. I need you." And we suffer as I said just now that suffering is part of it because it drives us to God. We ask what are we praying for? And I asked like like my friend that's praying for his family. What are you asking for with your children? Are you asking that they start coming to church with you to your church? Are you asking that they start dressing like you want them to dress? Are you asking that that they start seeing things the way that you want them to see it? Or are you asking that they have a relationship with the Almighty where they are talking to him directly? Is that what you're praying? Is that what we should be praying? Lord, I want my son, I want my daughter, I want them to have a relationship with you. I want my wife to have this relationship with you. I want your spirit to be in our family all the time to where we are just fellowshipping around you and we can open up the Bible and we can say Lord we want to know what this means and we are together in this rather than having a preconceived notion on how we should be but pray and ask Lord let my son let my daughter my wife my husband let that person have a relationship with you. And if they're talking to you and you're talking back, that is communion. And that's what we're all seeking or we should be seeking. Then you might ask, and I have in my notes here, how do I hear the voice of God? And that's that's the thing that so many people ask, how do I know it's God speaking? How do how do I know that it's him talking? And he speaks to us in different ways. You're going to see how he spoke to a prophet in a little bit, but he spoke to Elijah in a still small voice. He spoke to David in a wind going through the malberry trees. He spoke to Peter in a vision while he was on the housetop. He spoke to Paul in a light, a blinding light. He speaks to us in different ways, but it's always purposeful. And if you really get word from the Lord, and many of you have had experiences, if he really speaks to you, no matter how it is, it may be an audible voice, it may just be, I just know he spoke to me. Or it may be, Lord, I need something out of your word. And you may turn to a scripture and oh that answers my question. But you know when God speaks to you and when he speaks a volume of books couldn't have as much knowledge as you just got. And it may just be one sentence that God speaks to you. And I know I've been there where he just spoke a little bit and it opened up an entire it just it it fulfilled a an enormous number of questions. It told it gave me the answers for those. Now, watch the Lord. We're going to get into this man Jonah. Now, watch how God speaks with Jonah and watch Jonah's response. And watch Jonah's weaknesses. Jonah was not perfect. He's like everybody in the Bible except one. He was not perfect and he made plenty of mistakes. And we're going to read about how this prophet was running, actually running from God. Jonah, we'll summarize the book of Jonah. He was he was um as I said, he was a prophet. He was called to preach to a city of pagan people, not Jewish people. Remember the Old Testament is all about one lineage from Adam to Abraham, Isaac, Jacob to the sons of Jacob. We call them the sons of Israel, the children of Israel. They go out and then we have Moses and we have Elijah and we have all of these different prophets. And it's all pretty much in this lineage of people that we call the Jews. And this man Jonah was one of these prophets. And he was called not to preach to Jews, not to correct his own people, but to these worldly bunch of pagan people in this city called Nineveh. Jonah didn't want to do it. How could God call Jonah? Jonah might say, "How could you call me to this bunch of evil people? I know they're not even your people, God. So, how could you? I must be wrong in what I'm thinking." So instead of going to this city of Nineveh, Jonah has it in his mind, well, I'll go to this city, Tarses. That's probably more along what God would want. And we have to be careful in making God's decisions for him. We have to be careful in saying, well, here's what the Lord would want because it makes sense in my mind. This did not make sense, but God, it was God. He's sovereign. He knows what's best. He sent Jonah to this place. But no, Jonah decides he's going to go to this other city of Tarsus. He jumps on a boat, jumps on a ship. They start sailing to Tarsus. God sends this great storm. They end up Jonah ends up confessing to the people, "It was me. This is the reason the storm." They take Jonah. They throw him overboard. The The storm stops. This big whale comes up and swallows Jonah. He's in the whale for the for three days. The whale probably goes down and hangs out at the bottom of the ocean. He's there for three days. And Jonah prays while he's in this belly of the whale. After three days, the whale swims up to the shore, spits him out. Jonah now has a new commission and same commission as he did before, but now it's more real to him. He gets up, makes a trip to Nineveh, and preaches to the people of Nineveh, and they repent. &gt;&gt; And not only do they repent, but even the people on the boat, the ship repent. &gt;&gt; So, let's go to Jonah. We'll get through the first two chapters of Jonah, which is I believe what um that'll close this message on this section of our series on prayer. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah the son of Amiti saying and go to Nineveh that great city and cry out against it for their wickedness has come up before me. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah. How did it come? We don't know. And that's the thing. We think that it was just God speaking to Jonah lip to ear. But it doesn't say how. It may have been a vision like Peter had. It may have been like Daniel who got the word of the Lord by reading from the prophet Jeremiah. It may have been that. It may have been a number of things. We don't know. But we know that God sent his word to Jonah and says, "Go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry out against it, for their wickedness has come up before me. So God tells Jonah to go to this pagan place and but Jonah rose up to flee to Tarsus from the presence of the Lord and went down to Japa and he found a ship going to Tarsus. So he paid the fair thereof and went down into it to go with them into unto Tarsus for the from the presence of the Lord. When we choose our path, no matter what path that is, if we choose our path rather than the path that God sets before us, no matter how religious we are, no matter how much we pray, no matter how much we try to get God to see things our way, we leave the presence of God. As I said, no matter how religious we are, no matter how good we are living, when we go our way, aside from God's way, we leave his presence. But the Lord sent out a great wind into the sea. And there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken. Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his God. Remember that. and cried every man unto his God, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, and to to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship, and he lay and was fast asleep. Every man cried unto his God. It's not capitalized there, and neither does that represent Jehovah. These mariners were pagans. These mariners had their own gods. They were not believers. This is important in a few verses. So the shipmaster came to him and said unto him, "What meanest thou, oh sleeper? Arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us that we perish not." And they said, "Everyone to his fellow, come and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us." So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah. If you come to our Wednesday night Bible studies, we've talked a little bit about this casting lots. This is the way that God had actually placed into the hands of people that they could. It's like flipping a coin and it would fall upon a certain one. And it's throughout the Bible and it was the way that God ordained back then that they could do this. And this lot fell upon this man Jonah. He is the one that's causing the problems. Then they said unto him, "Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us? What is thine occupation? And whence comest thou, and what is thy country, and of what people art thou?" And he said unto them, I'm a Hebrew, and I fear the Lord, the God of heaven, which hath made the sea and the dry land. Now he's saying he fears God, but just a little bit ago he was disobeying God and he was going to this Tarsus. But now he's fearing God. Why? Because the ship is sinking. Because his life is on the line. And now Jonah is saying now he gets his mind right. He says, "Now, okay, now I fear God." And he said unto them, "I'm a Hebrew and I fear God." And we see, friends, we see this happen a lot of times when something bad happens to us. As I said, when we go into trials and and tribulations, even though it's because of us, it's it's a blessing. A lot of people that go to prison, you see that they go to prison and they're they're living a sinful life outside of prison. Then they find the Lord Jesus in prison. I know a a a friend of mine that I was very close with, his name's Don. He could not really live outside of prison. He would get into all kinds of trouble, all kinds of crime, violent crime, but he would go into prison and then he would start reading books and he would start reading his Bible. He'd start praying more. He'd start a Bible study and he would do really well while inside. But when he would go out, he would immediately fall into sin. So I believe friends that we have a choice in our destination. We have I believe that the Bible teaches us that we have a choice but I also believe in predestination where God knows which choices that we are going to make and how we will make those choices and he will set a path in front of us like he did to Don or many others. He will set a path in front of us that forces us into him. And that's how this man Jonah was. Jonah was a son of God. great man who was running from God. We don't see him praying about going to Tarsus. We see him making that decision because it made sense in his mind. And that's the case for most people. They want to serve God as long as it makes sense to them. And even worse, most people want to serve God as long as God's serving them. As long as they can call themselves a Christian, &gt;&gt; they will serve God. As long as you you don't have to give too much of your life, &gt;&gt; as long as you don't have to make too many sacrifices, then you'll serve you'll serve God. But when God starts to require more as he did with Jonah, it's so easy for people to say, "Yeah, you know, I'll just serve God in my own way." We don't serve God in our own way. If we truly want to serve God, we serve God in his way. &gt;&gt; We serve God in the way that he has set before us. And Jonah right before he was saying, "I'm going to serve God in my own way. I'm going to go to Tarsus. I don't want to go over here. Maybe I got something wrong. This isn't working. This doesn't make sense. I'm going to serve God in my own way, God." No. And if you are a predestinate predestinated son or daughter of God, he is going to force you into that. Whether you have to go to prison, whether you have to make big mistakes, whether you have to cause all kinds of problems, God is going to force us in. We can make it a lot easier on ourselves if we just follow his leadings. Are you Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Jonah, he's serving God on his own terms. The people of Nineveh, as I said, they're Gentiles. They're sinners. They were not God's people, as he thought. And he may have prayed, but as I said with my friend, we don't want to pray in a way that says, "God, here is what should be." We say, "God, what do you want? Lord, what is your will in this sin? this man Jonah. So, he's on this ship and this this big storm comes and these people are like, "What is going on? This is not normal." And Jonah basically confesses to him and says, "Yeah, I'm the one that did this." And do you see how the sins of all of us, they don't just affect us. &gt;&gt; Remember, I say it all the time. It's not just about you. You know, you you say, "Well, it's my life and I'm going to live how I want and I can make these decisions because it's me." No. Your decisions not only affect you, but they affect everyone around you. Jonah's bad decision here affected the people on this ship, and they were going to die because Jonah sinned. So, when we are are going before the Lord, and we might say, "Well, it's my body, it's myself, it's me, I can do what I want." No, you can't. Your life is not your own &gt;&gt; because you affect not only yourself and God wants you to be saved and God wants you to prosper, but you affect everyone around you. &gt;&gt; That's that's the even even last night when I sent out the prayer request. I got the sister Angela and brother Jeremy sent me the update on sister Ronnie. Serious situation. First thing I did, I sat back in my chair. I was I had my Bible open. I was I was studying. The first thing I did is I said, "Lord, am I in a place that I can approach you? Am I in a place that I can pray?" And as I sent out the request to to all of you all, the thought also came to my mind, are they in a place where they can get this prayer request and go before the Lord for this sister? And friends, if if you're sinning, if you're not in a place where God can use you or God will hear your prayer, who suffers? It's not just you. It would be the sister that needs our prayers right now. We owe it to each other. I talk a lot about Jesus and how he wanted unity because there is strength in unity. If we are together, if we are if we are worshiping together, if we love one another, it not only helps us, but it helps the people that need it. Paul said in I believe it was 1 Corinthians chapter 12. He said, Paul said, I don't I don't know exactly where it was. Paul said that those of us that are strong should bear the infirmities of those that are weak. 1 Corinthians 12 26 he says that when one member of the body suffers the entire body suffers and I'll tell you when one member of the body sins when one member of the body isn't living right it's not just that person it's all of us that suffer and here is Jonah and he is sinning and he's outside of the will of God And look who's suffering. It wasn't just him. It was all these people that had never heard of him before. And they were probably looking at him like, "What's the matter with you, man? Why did you do this? Now we're we got families to go home to. Why did you do this?" And Jonah then finally Jonah repents. And watch what happens. Verse number 10. Then were the men exceeding afraid and said unto him,"Wh hast thou done this?" For the men knew that he had fled from the presence of the Lord, because he had told them. Then they said unto him, "What shall we do unto thee that the sea might be calm unto us? For the sea rot and was tempestuous." And he said unto them, "Take me up and cast me forth into the sea." So shall the sea be calm unto you. For I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you. So he acknowledges that his sins has caused problems to everyone around him. He confesses, he repents, and now Jonah is ready to surrender to God. So much so that he is giving his life for the pagans that were on that boat. He's like, "Throw me over." He didn't know what was going to happen. Jonah didn't know that a big whale was going to open his mouth and and swallow him. Jonah, now these pagans that he hated, Jonah's now like, "Hey, throw me over and you'll be saved." Look at the difference in Jonah. We're about to see Jonah go to prayer. Nevertheless, the men rode hard. They didn't want to throw him overboard. They didn't want this guy to die. Nevertheless, the men rode hard to bring to the land, but they could not, for the sea rot and was tempestuous against them. Wherefore they cried unto the Lord and said, "We beseech thee, oh Lord, we beseech thee, let us not perish, for this man's life, and lay not upon us the innocent blood, for thou hast for, oh Lord, hast hast done as it pleased thee." All of a sudden, now look at what has happened to these men. Instead of every man going to his own God and setting up their idol, this is a good idol. Setting up their idol and praying to this. Now they are going to the one true God. Look what happens when Jonah repents. Jonah says it's my fault. A repentance doesn't just affect us. A repentance is also a blessing to all those around us. And here Jonah is like, "I repent. I'm wrong. Throw me overboard. I give my life for you. Even though you're a pagan, even though you're not like me, even though you don't go to my church, I give my life for you." And look at the effect that it has on these men. Now, they're praying to the one true God. Remember the famous scripture, Romans 8:28. We know that all things work together for the good to them that love God and them that are called according to his purpose. &gt;&gt; Look at Jonah completely out of the will of God, running from God, thinking laying leaning on his own understanding. And now he goes and now God is punishing and God brings the the tempest. God brings the the storm and the place is going to sink and they're all going to die. And now God uses that for the good. Now, it's even better probably than if Jonah would not have just gone to Nineveh in the first place. So, when we sin, friends, when you do something wrong, don't just crawl up in your hole and die. Say, "No, now I'm going to make it right. And Lord, no matter how bad that I have done, you can take whatever I've done and you can turn it around and you can make it a blessing, not only to me, but to others." I'm running out of time. So, they took up Jonah and cast him forth into the sea. And the sea ceased from her raging. Then the mere the men feared the Lord exceedingly. They feared God, not their go, not their idols. They fear the they feared the real God. Then the men feared the Lord exceedingly and offered a sacrifice unto the Lord and made vows. Look at the effect that it had on these men. So if we make mistakes, if we are a child of God, God turns around and makes those mistakes a blessing. Don't use it as an excuse to sin. You'll suffer for your sins as Jonah did. But when we make a mistake, watch God turn things around. Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights. Remember that for when I close. It's an important blessing that comes from this story and it's amazing. Watch what happens. Chapter 2 verse one. Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God out of the fish's belly. His prayers may not have been sincere before, but now he's at the bottom of the ocean in a whale's belly with no hope of redemption. No hope anywhere. And he's thinking about these things. So, no matter how far we've gone, God is able to turn things around. I don't think there's anyone in this room that have been so bad that they've been in a whale's stomach with seaweed around their neck at the thousand feet below the the the top and sitting there. I don't think anybody's done that bad. I don't think any situation has been that dire as it was with Jonah. But God can take that situation and turn it around. Now, when we have no hope and you think that the enemy and he tells us there's no hope in this situation, there's always hope in prayer. And watch what Jonah does. This is amazing. Now, we're going to hear from Jonah what he says. Jonah said this. I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the Lord, and he heard me. Out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou hast heard, thou hearest heardest my voice. For thou hast cast me into the deep, into the midst of the seas, and the floods compassed me about. All thy billows, and all thy waves passed over me. Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight. Yet I will look again toward thy holy temple. The waters comp compassed about me. Even to the soul the depth closed round about me. The weeds were wrapped around my head. wrapped about my head. I went down to the bottoms of the mountains. The earth with her bars was about me for forever. Yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption. Oh Lord my God. How many here can say the same? How many here can say the Lord has brought my life out of corruption? When my soul fainted within me, I remembered the Lord and my prayer came in unto thee into thine holy temple. They that observed they that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy. So he's saying here that no matter how bad things appear, don't give up. when you lose all hope all hope when when you forsake the mercies of God that's when all hope is gone and a lot of times many times someone that commits a su suicide that's the number one thing is they just have no hope they think there's no one that can bring me out there's no way I can get past this you lose all hope and when you lose hope friends then things are really really bad, but you've never been in a situation like Jonah was right here. And yet, he still had hope in his prayer. &gt;&gt; Read it again. But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that I have vowed. Salvation is of the Lord. He's repenting here. He's saying, "Lord, I'll do whatever it takes to make it right. I'll sacrifice to thee with a voice of thanksgiving. I'm not going to complain about anything, Lord. I'm going to I'm going to lift up my offering. I will pay that which I have vowed sal but salvation Lord is from you. And the Lord spake unto the fish and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land. So out of nowhere the worst you have this weward prophet and he goes and everyone suffers because of what he did. And then yet God turns this around. He turns his life around. And then he makes it a blessing. So much so that the people even on the ship, the pagans, the unbelievers, even they saw the power of God. And even they made sacrifices to the Lord. And Jonah goes preaches in Nineveh and they repent. And it's tremendous story of disobedience, tremendous story of prayer and how God we should never lose hope that God is always there to hear our prayer. Now remember I said that God can take a mistake a dire mistake that we make an embarrassing mistake maybe something that we just Lord I can't believe I did it. I I I did I did this so wrong. And God can take that mistake if we repent. And he can turn it around to make it more of a blessing than if we would have never done it. &gt;&gt; And that's what happened with Jonah. Now watch this. Jesus in Matthew chapter 12, the Pharisees and the Sadducees asked Jesus to show them a sign. Jesus was always chiding back and forth with him. You know, same thing with just like Jonah, they wanted Jesus to fall in line to preached, but Jesus wouldn't do it. So, they say, "Okay, well, show us a sign, you know, then then we'll believe you." Matthew 12:38, listen to this. Then certain of the scribes and Pharisees answering, saying, "Master, we would see a sign from thee." But he answered and said unto them, "An evil and adulterous generation seeks after a sign, and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. The men of Nineveh shall shall rise in judgment with this generation. These are the people that Jonah preached to. The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment to this generation and shall condemn it because they repented at the preaching of Jonas. And behold, a greater than Jonas is here. &gt;&gt; Speaking of himself, how beautiful. Jesus wasn't remembering. Josiah and the worship team can come in closing. Jesus was not remembering the mistakes of Jonah. Really, it's in the sea of God's forgetfulness. And he doesn't remember our mistakes either. But he can take that mistake and make it a prophecy from the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ, our savior, through Jonah's mistake. &gt;&gt; What a tremendous story this is. Jonah does all of these things wrong and yet God turns it around and says, "It's just like my son's going to be in the grave for three days and he's going to raise up again just as Jonah came out of the whale. again, Matthew. And then he goes and he repeats it. Matthew 16 verse1, I'm sorry, Matthew 16:4. A wicked and adulter adulterous generation seeks after a sign. And there shall be no sign given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them and departed. Jonah would have done better for himself to set aside his way of thinking and follow the leading of the Lord. But he did what all of us do. He put himself there. He put his understanding there. This makes sense. Why would God want this? This is how it should be. Proverbs 3:5 says, "Trust not trust the Lord with all of your heart and lean not to your own understanding. In all your ways, submit to him and he will make your path straight." It's the hardest thing, friends. This is the hardest thing in the world is for us to lay aside our own way of thinking. Lay aside really our own religion, which is what required Jo Jonah had to do. Lay aside those things and seek God. Pray to God. Lord, how do you want to handle this situation? Husband and a wife. My friend was praying about homeschooling. They should have got together and prayed, "Lord, we want to do what's right. Let us just surrender ourselves to you as Jonah did on the ship when it was a dire need. Lord, let us just have your will. Let us do your will." And then we can rest assured that no matter how how many mistakes we make, no matter how bad things get, no matter how hopeless things seem, that God will hear our prayers and he will take these things and make it a blessing to others. And it may be that we're all in this ship and there may be some Jonases among us, but friends, if we could just surrender, then it'll be a blessing to the whole ship. Amen. Little Josiah. Let's sing in his time. In his time. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. [Music] Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your time. [Music] Yes. In his time. In his time. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your time. In your time. In your time. In your time you make all things beautiful in your time. [Music] Lord, my life to you I bring. Each song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in your Let's sing that again. Let's stand together. In your time. In your time. You make all things beautiful in your time. [Music] Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song to you I sing. be to you a lovely thing in your time. [Music] Remember brothers and sisters, this life is not of all about you. And every decision that you make, it doesn't just affect you. It affects everyone around you. And it you can either have a positive influence and do great good or you can have a negative influence and do great harm. And it's dependent on what you say. It's dependent on what you do. It's depend dependent on the decisions that you make. If you can get yourself out of the way and truly come into the presence of God like Jonah did in the belly of the whale, coming into the presence of God and truly repenting and truly saying, "Lord, you are you are great. You are everything." Let me read again what Jonah said. I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the Lord and he heard me. Can you imagine? Can you really imagine if God hears? We take prayer for granted. It's just a few words in Jesus name. Amen. That's not prayer really. Enter. Enter into the presence of God. Enter into the presence of the creator. Enter into this presence of this one, this all knowing one that can do all things. Enter into his presence and then to say the same thing that Jonah said and he heard me. Can you imagine if he really hears a sincere prayer? Nothing could stand before our prayers. If we are truly in the presence of God, out of the belly of hell, cried I, and thou heardest my voice. For thou has cast me into the deep, into the midst of the seas, and the flood compass about me about. All thy billows, and thy waves passed over me. Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight. Yet I will look again toward thy holy temple. The waters compassed me about even to the soul. The depth closed me round about. The weeds were wrapped about my head. I went down to the bottoms of the mountains. The earth with her bars was about me forever. Yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption. Oh Lord my God. When my soul faintth within me, I remember the Lord, and my prayer came in unto thee into thine holy temple. They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy, but I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. That can be our sacrifice. Lord, I give to you my voice. I give to you my prayers. I give to you my thanks. I give to you, Lord. This is my sacrifice that I say thank you, oh God. I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the Lord. And then the Lord spake to the fish and Jonah was delivered. Can you imagine friends actually speaking to that one? When we come into his presence, come reverently. He's not your buddy. He is someone that deserves our reverence and deserves everything that we can give him. Lord, I come to you in the name of your son Jesus Christ. I am a sinner. You are my savior. You are my creator. I come to you, Lord, and here is what I have need of. Lord, I pray that you would put me in your perfect will as you did Jonah. Let's bow our heads. Friends, think on these things. Think how all of us have been in Jonah's position that we've taken our own way. We've taken our own ideas and we've done nothing but suffer for them. But if we could just lay our lives before the Almighty in prayer as Jonah did, then we can trust in him that he will provide. He'll provide our families. He'll forgive our sins. He'll provide fellowship. He'll provide a husband. He'll provide a wife. He'll provide children if we could just get ourselves out of the way and truly approach him. Lord God, [Music] Lord, the thought is overwhelming that we can come into the presence of the almighty God. Lord, it is written in your word, wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I will be in the midst of them. Lord, the best that we can, we gather here this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, lay our lives down before you might, Father, serve you from this day forward that we might have a change in our lives and and serve, Father, you serve your people. And may the influence that's given to each of us that each of us have, Father, may that influence be to point others to a living God as Jonah appointed those people on that ship and also those people of Nineveh and they repented. Father, may we have the same. We pray. Lord, forgive us of our shortcomings. We ask, Lord, we look our our hearts and our minds and everything that's in us. as we look to you and we thank you Lord for your love. And Lord, just to think that we could say what Jonah said that we cried to the Lord and he heard. Dear God, may it be so. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Brother Josiah. [Music] Psalms 34. Brother T. Think of these words, friends, are written by King David as a prayer to the Lord. Listen to this. I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from every fear. Those who work on here are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. &gt;&gt; This poor man cried. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This poor man cry. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Lord heard me and save me from my enemies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. God exalts his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed he who hides in. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. He wants to give us everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] And let us bless the Lord, every day and night, neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord [Music] every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our incense ride. Let us bless the Lord every day night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come it's all to stay forever. Oh magnify magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together. [Applause] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Just our voices now. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Together glorify the Lord with me. &gt;&gt; Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see &gt;&gt; that the Lord is good. &gt;&gt; He'll give you everything. &gt;&gt; He'll give you everything. &gt;&gt; He'll give you everything. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. and he wants to give us. He wants us to be in the same page as him. And let me tell you, he cares. He loves us and he cares. He cares more than anybody else does. And he's real and he's watching us. God bless you, friends. Remember, no service tonight. Brother Josiah, do you have another Huh? I I wanted I never like I know that the anointing is on our song leaders and I never want to step in front of them and I believe Josiah had a song in his heart and I wanted him to sing it. Go ahead. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calary. The blood that gives you strength from day to day. It won't never lose its power. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that again. The blood. &gt;&gt; Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, hallelujah. Way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Even to the bottom of the ocean it flows. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. It suits. It soothes my doubts and calms my fears. Oh, and it dries all my tears. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose its power for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest [Music] valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose its powerful. It reaches war. It reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose its power. It'll never lose. Oh, it will never lose its power. Sing that again. Oh, it will never lose. Just one more time. It's power. One last time. &gt;&gt; Oh, it will never lose. It's time. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise God. [Music] Remember, no service this evening. Lord willing, we'll see you all on Wednesday. God bless you, friends. Remember, seek the Lord and he'll take care of you and he can change. He can make all wrongs right. He can give light to a dark world. He can do all things. and we can do all things through him that strengthens us. God bless you. You're dismissed. will give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his love and tell of his love will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love and tell of his love. will give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord my soul and all that is within me. for me. [Applause] And he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. [Music] Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his glory. Bless the Lord, oh bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he has done For great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. name. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his home. name. Bless the Lord. Yes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. One more time for
