################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - The Path to Worship is Through Humility Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   The Path to Worship is Through Humility: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVzzDMCfqd0
========================================

[Music] There is no one else like you. Sing. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, [Music] Lord. There is no one else like you. Sing you deserve the glory. One more time. You deserve the glory. Oh, and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy. Oh, and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] Oh, there is no one else like you. [Music] Anyone in Sunday school can head to Sunday school now. We have Sunday school for both classes this morning. I just came to glorify your name. Praise him this morning. I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter. Oh, there's no sweeter name. I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I came to glorify, glorify your name. Let's sing that again. I came to glorify. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, well, there's no sweeter name. I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. Let's sing that again. Oh yes. I just came to glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. And there's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. Would you stand with me this morning? Go ahead and greet somebody. Welcome them to church. Try to shake at least four to five hands before you sing the next song. See the bright light shine. [Music] verse one. Brother Tim, there's a light in the window. It's okay. We can clap our hands for a little bit while they get the lyrics going. Oh, there's a light in the window. Table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. Oh, I can see the crystal river. And I must be near forever. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. Verse two. I can see the family gathered. Faces are familiar, but no one's old or feeble anymore. Oh, this old lonesome hearts are crying. I think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Sing. What a day that will be. What a day that will be. Each saint in victory, walking through those gates forever more. Hallelujah. Oh, as we greet one another, every sister, every brother. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Sing. I see the bright light shine again. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This old world has been a wilderness. [Music] I'm ready for deliverance. And Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Can someone say praise the Lord? Can someone say hallelujah? Amen. Our hope is in the Lord this morning. My hope is in the Lord. We're going to sing that. Let's just worship him. There's no other place to put our hope or trust but in him this morning. Let's sing this song and dedicate it to the Lord. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing verse one. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the seas subsides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope [Music] is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. [Music] To offer healing and forgiveness. Oh, and those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Sing it again. My hope is in the Lord. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Brother Ed, Brother Arie, and the brothers would come forward now to open the service in prayer. Key of D. I know there's people here with needs this morning. God will make a way for you. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. Let's sing that again as brother Ed comes. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side. with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. &gt;&gt; Before we go to the praise and prayer requests, just a little bit of church business, just to give you a little update. You can see we have the little wings here uh that been installed. And we will be installing some cultured stone or dry dry stone here in the near future. The rear window for the nursery has been installed. So, we'll be moving into the the nursery to do some work there. And then the wood here uh that was up uh has been stained and uh sealed and that should be going up here in the near future along with the carpet being installed within the next week or two. So, just to give you a little you folks a little update. Uh pray for the pray for us that are doing this. It's there's a lot of logistics going into everything. So, we truly would appreciate all your prayers. Uh start off with some of the praise. I'd like to give God praise that you brought brother Jordan's sister Martha and the family home. It's good to see them. &gt;&gt; Brother Lionel, Sister Lonnie, welcome back. It's it's a blessing to have you back in our midst and I know you were a blessing um up there on the fire line. So, it's good to have you back and I'm glad God kept you safe. Um the praise from Sister Lonnie and brother Lionel. We want to thank everyone for their prayers. We while we were up on uh working on the fire uh line up north, God was using us to pray for many people. everything from some lady's son's appendix bursting. They were able uh they thought he would die, but after prayer, he went home the very next day. So, we're thankful to God. &gt;&gt; God still answers prayer. And if you think you got to be somebody really special with all sorts of uh spiritual, no, it it just it's faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's all it is. It's faith. where two or three are gathered in his name, the presence of the Lord is still there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Um there was a also in this praise uh there was a firefighter firefighter wanting to commit suicide, kill himself. Now he says he wants and needs more of Jesus. So please please pray for all those still on on the fire line up there. So, I know it is a dangerous business. So, I want to remember all those that are putting their life on the line. I have uh two requests. Uh our daughter Ruth is due to have surgery tomorrow to have a thyroid removed and she wants and needs uh the prayers of the brothers and sisters here that everything will go well and that God will use um guide the doctor's hands. And our son Nate has asked prayers concerning some unspoken needs where he's at. Sister Rachel Gara turns in a request. Please remember her sister uh Elizabeth in prayer. She's not feeling well. Also pray for my mother-in-law, Sister Meline. She's going to have a procedure done on her leg tomorrow morning. Pray all goes well and she recovers quickly. Thank you for praying. Got uh another request here. I don't know who it's from. Uh please pray for brother Sal Curillo. Um I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. He was feeling stomach pain. He went to the hospital and was told he needed open heart surgery. He has three blocked uh veins that are 90% blocked. So let's remember this. this person, God can still um he can do an absolute miracle, open everything up, or he can use the doctor's hands. And I believe honestly doctors are here to help God's children. And then brother um Kalahano Salazar uh writes a request. I have a friend who got in trouble and shot a woman. I know he has a good heart and a one-year-old boy. We are not sure what led up to the situation. We want to lift up his family and pray for everyone involved. [Music] We live in peerless times. Brothers, sisters, do you have a request that you'd like to make known to the Lord with an uplifted hand? I know we're all needing in one way or another. Let's approach him. Precious heavenly father, first of all, Lord, we thank you. We thank you for the the praise of that was written out from brother Lionel, Sister Lonnie, the work that they were able to to do up there with these firefighters, the testimony that they were. We want to thank you, Lord, for bringing them back into our midst. Thank you, Lord, for bringing brother Jordan, sister Martha, and the family back, granting them safe journeys, Lord. And Lord, it's always good to have our brothers and sisters back. Now, Father, there are many that are probably not with us this morning. They're traveling or or whatever. We'd ask that you'd be with them. the hands that were raised. We want to ask that you'd minister unto each need. Even though it was unspoken, Lord, we knew we know that. You knew about this before the foundations of of the earth. So Lord, minister to the needs of your people, your children. Nothing's too great for you, Lord. And these requests that were written out, we commit them to you and lay them at your feet, knowing Lord the needs of each of your these requests. Be with us, Lord, in the remainder of the service. Come move among the aisles and bless us with your presence. We invite you, Lord. And Lord, I just want to say thank you, Lord. I love you and I know that each of my brothers and sisters love you dearly. Come be glorified this morning. Lord, bless our pastor as he would minister the word. Bless the remainder of the songs and Lord, as the offering is taken up, would you bless the offering, Lord, bless the giver and use it for your honor and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, brother. You can all have your seats. Lord, I lift your name. I said earlier about the one song that'd be dedicated to the Lord, but really all these songs are dedicated to the Lord. [Music] Lord, I lift your name. Oh Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me your love is still the same. [Music] Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. Let's sing that verse again. Lord, my heart can grow. Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. [Music] And yet for me, your love is still the same. Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reverence to your throne. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim. You're the great I am the risen lamb, my comforter and king. Lord, my heart's desire. Oh Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with the spirit's fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul. Yes, Lord. To worship and adore. to be a fragrance offered to your throne. Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim, [Music] you're the great. I am the risen lamb, my comforter [Music] and king. Let's sing that second verse again. My heart's desire, oh Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with the spirit. How many want that? Oh, my purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul. Open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance offered to your throne. Oh Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim, you're the great I am. The risen lamb, my comforter and king. The great I am. Oh, you're the great I am the risen lamb, my comforter [Music] and king. Amen. Would you stand with me as brother Daniel comes? We're going to sing I feel the pole key of E flat. will start. Um, we were out of town last week and we got to hear the man who wrote this song tell the story. He's a pastor and has a real heart for the for the lost, a real heart for God's people. And when he was uh young and had just freshly started his church, he wrote this song about feeling the pull of God every day in his life. and he didn't quite know why or what the reason was. And if you can put the first verse up there and I just thought about our pastor, Brother Daniel, when I heard this, I know he's got such a burden for the lost here in Tucson. And I thought about uh how he how he wants to see a group of people that really know the Lord and to feel that pull just to be closer to him. Let's sing this and let's worship the Lord. Let's create an atmosphere that the Lord can be pleased to dwell in as the word comes this morning so that we could all leave better Christians than when we came in. Do we want that? Amen. At night, I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. I can't explain with tongue or pen. The spirit's groanings deep within. But it must be God here in my soul. For I feel the pull. I feel the pull. [Music] I hear the call. [Music] And I know the spirit's moving me to give my all. [Music] He speaks to me [Music] and I agree. Make this your prayer right now. Oh Lord, please come and take control cuz I feel the pull. [Music] And I went to hear the word. That's why we're here this morning. And I went to hear the word. And with each line and phrase, [Music] he was drawing me to give a higher praise. For there's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. Oh, I know for sure I'll reach the goal for I feel the pull. I feel the pull. And I hear the call. [Music] And his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. Oh, just draw close to him this morning. Oh, I feel the pull. Oh, I hear the call and I know the spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Almighty God, Lord, it feels so good when we feel that pull. Just Lord, it we can't explain it, Lord. We almost It's like the wind. We don't know where it comes from and we don't know where it's going, but Lord, we know it's there. Father, when when we feel that pull, Lord, as David wrote in the psalm, when the deep as the deep calls to the deep, Father, may the deep respond to the pole. Lord, if there would be one or more here today that is feeling your call, Lord, we pray that they'd be recognized and answered. We love you and we thank you. Father, we just now humbly invite your presence that you would be here with us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. If you continue to play, Sister Katie, let's remain standing and let's turn to the book of Micah, chapter 6. We'll start with verse six. It reads like this. With what shall I come before the Lord and bestow myself before the high God? Let me read it again. Wherewith shall I come before the Lord and bow myself before the high God? Shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with a calf of a year old? [Music] Verse number seven says, "Will the Lord be pleased with a thousand rams or with 10,000 of rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for a transgression, the fruit of my body, for the sin of my soul? He has shown thee, oh man, what is good, and what do the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God. Amen. What words from the prophet Micah? You can be seated here. Um, something is in my trash can in my office that you usually don't see. And Heath, I just want to I want to tell the congregation just because I love you. Brother Heath walked in to my office this morning. Brother Aaron Gara and I were there and he walked in and he said, "I'm done." And he takes a pack of cigarettes, he throws them in my garbage, my my garbage can. And I said, "Bro, is it okay if I tell the church?" He goes, "Oh, yeah." He says, "I'm done." &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; He He said um he said this is it and I believe him or I wouldn't say it in front of all of us. Very proud very proud of my friend Heath. We've been friend for a long friends for a long time and he's been struggling with cigarettes and this is the end. Man, praise God. I I was gone this past week. I was in Washington DC. I was at a leadership conference and the whole week was dedicated. They they had a group of people that they that they put together and and they had certain people with this strength and others with that strength and they they put us together in a few different groups, four different groups and we were to solve a problem. So all week we were working on this one problem and really worked hard on it. And the the last day I was the main presenter to the um to this executive team and I was all excited about getting up there and and giving the presentation and representing our team and they they had their part in the presentation also. But when I when I finished, I just I felt like, boy, I really failed. I felt like I didn't do a good job. And was going home and I got to the airport and man, I was just pondering on this like like Lord, I I really I didn't do a good job. It wasn't received like I thought it was going to be received. It wasn't successful like I thought it was going to be successful. And I'm really down in the airport and I was, you know, trying to get my mind off of it, scrolling, and I I read a story that I'm going to talk about here in a minute. And I got on the airplane and and I just started to pray saying, "Lord, what did I do wrong? What why did I fail?" And something said, I don't I believe it was the Lord that told me, "Were you humble when you presented it? Were you humble during this whole time?" Look at your motives and what you wanted to do. And as I was on the airplane and I was praying and I and you know when we get a correction sometimes it's it's like a a baby or a kid that gets a spank and the first thing they they want to do is they want to love on you. You don't want to spank them but but sometimes you have to and then there's this love and and as I was flying I was like Lord I love you so much. You're right. It was when when I was given this presentation, when I was working all week and the night before I stayed up really late and putting the presentation together, I thought this is going to go really good. They're going to really like this answer. And then the next morning I woke up early and the same thing and and the whole thing was like this is going to be really really a good presentation. All is going to work well. And then it really fell kind of flat. And I I look back after I really believe I received my correction from the Lord and really it was just all about me. I wanted to do a good job. Was it really the subject that I was that we were trying to solve but has a potential of affecting over 100,000 people or was it just me? I wanted I wanted to perform well. I wanted to do a good job. And I saw that with my failures it was I just it was about me. And that's how we fail friends so much is that we want to present something or we'll have a conversation with someone and we'll we'll answer in a certain way or present ourselves in a certain way that really you're just trying to impress whoever you're talking to or you're trying to take a certain side and you're not really searching out for what is the truth, what is the right thing. There was so I said I was kind of get my mind off and I was reading the news and there was a uh there was a woman that got arrested in Connecticut. I don't know if you all saw it. She was a a lawyer and they were coming out of uh I believe it was a restaurant and the restaurant called the cops. They were causing some sort of her, it was her, her friend and a man and they were causing some sort of a disturbance inside the establishment and they called the cops and it was just it was just these women getting loud and they were like just we just want these people out of here and and the and the cop is like well are they trespassing? They said yes we just want them out. So the cop goes over to the two women and he says, "Listen." He says, "You just got to leave." And the woman was like, "You you can't tell me what to do." And she says, "Listen." And she starts telling the cop how to do his job. She says, "If the if I request it, you have to turn off your your body camera." And he's like, "No." He's like, "Listen, can you just leave?" And she's like, "No, you have to turn off your body camera." Starts fighting back and forth. And the cop the cop is like, "Listen, can you just leave? And she had a point to prove. She was being arrogant. &gt;&gt; So she, the cop, finally says, "Listen, I'm going to put you in handcuffs." He puts her in handcuffs. She starts freaking out. She says, "I'm a DA. I'm a district attorney." And she kept yelling this. And the cop, to his credit, he said, "Good for you." He says, "I don't care." He didn't say it in those words, but it was kind of like that. He says, "I don't care." And she's yelling and her friend, they they go over to get her friend and they put her in handcuffs and these two women are yelling and they put the woman the the lawyer in the car. The other woman is like, "You should listen to her. She's a lawyer." And the cops are like, "Listen, just you guys just leave." So once they even get them in handcuffs, he the cop is trying to calm them down and saying, "Listen, you're not under arrest. Can you just leave?" But the arrogance in her if she would have just been a little humble, she could have just left. &gt;&gt; But she was not going to give it up. She gets put in handcuffs and they stuff her in the car and she makes this statement. She says, "You're going to regret this." Get her in the car and she's arrested for disorderly conduct and trespassing or whatever it might be. And If the woman would have just humbled down and just accepted the fact even if she didn't think he's wrong, just she was wrong, just be humble. Jesus said, he says, listen to this. He Jesus says, he says, don't judge others and you won't be judged for you will be treated as you treat others. the standard you use in judging is the standard by which you will be judged. So, she's telling the cops how to do their job. And then right at the end, she says, "You're going to regret this." And all of a sudden, we see now this lady's not going to work tomorrow because the standard that she was setting for these cops now came down on her and she's famous now. The video went viral and she's embarrassed. This district attorney, she's suspended without pay. She's not going to work tomorrow. And it all comes down to she tells the cops, "You're going to regret this." Now, who is regretting it? And the poor girl, I feel bad for her because she made a fool of herself. But if she would have just humbled, the Lord gave her, the cop gave her chance after chance after chance, just leave. but she wouldn't give it up. If she would have just had a little bit of humility, then she'd be going to work tomorrow. But she didn't. And that's how it is with so many of us, friends. A lot of times, if we would just humble ourselves, &gt;&gt; and we would just stand back and and say, you know what, it's not worth it. It's not worth a fight. or heaven forbid you say, "You know what? I was wrong. I was deceived. I made a mistake. I I just I shouldn't have done it." And then you'll see that the Lord is so often is just like that cop. The Lord's like, "It's okay. Come back." &gt;&gt; And then he takes care of everything. Amen. &gt;&gt; But if we if we get this arrogance to us and we get this strong will that no I'm I'm right in this or you're the way that this direction is going or whatever it might be that no I want my way and then God will take the the judgment that we have put on someone else &gt;&gt; and then bring it right back on us like he did that lady &gt;&gt; where it's like You said you're going to regret this. Now she's regretting it. And I do. I feel bad for the the lady. But she brought it on herself. And that's how we are. We need to be very very careful in how we do things and why we are doing things. I look at our our worship team with with brother Josiah and and Daniel and and the girls and and brother Michael and the different ones and When we are leading worship, we need to make sure that we're not leading worship because it's like the audience will like that. The audience will appreciate that because it'll be like me. This is what I thought that the audience wanted to hear and I failed because I was doing it for the audience instead of doing it for the main issue. and with us whether I'm ministering my my biggest failures even as a minister have been because this sounds good this will help this the congregation will like this and it doesn't work out because I'm not humbling myself and seeking the Lord on this and humility friends it is one of the most important lessons that we can live that we can learn in life whether it be work, &gt;&gt; church, whether it be a husband and a wife. &gt;&gt; Is it really worth the fight? It's not. It almost never is. But because one or both won't humble themselves, usually it's if if one humbles themselves themselves, then the other one will fall right in. And I use driving as a scenario a lot. I talk about traffic because we're all in traffic. We all drive and we all sin in traffic. You are not a Christian outside of your car, but you're okay. You're exempt inside. &gt;&gt; You're a Christian inside of your car just as you are outside. And do you think that the way you drive that that doesn't count? It does count. &gt;&gt; In all seriousness, it does matter. So when you're driving along and somebody wants to cut in front of you, let them have it. &gt;&gt; Be a Christian in your car, be a Christian everywhere you are. And humble yourself. This humility that I'm talking about, this goes on in heaven. It's not just here. There is an absolutely tremendous scripture that I want to talk about that's about humility here in a moment. and my failures. And I'm sure many of you can say the same thing. It's because that I wouldn't just humble myself. Proverbs 18:12 says this. Before destruction, the heart of a man is is hotty and before honor is humility. So notice it says before honor is humility. So to get to the honor part, you have to go through humility. And to get to destruction, friends, you have to go through pride. &gt;&gt; You have to go through a hotty way. You have to go through a highway. So you see the destination here. And if you want to be honored before the Lord, you've got to go through the humility part. It says before honor, before comes humility. My failure when I was in DC, before I could have got what I wanted to get, I had to go through the humility part. And that's the part I skipped and I failed. That lady, if she would have just gone through the humility part, she'd still have her job today and still be doing well. So in this, let me read it again. Before destruction, the heart of a man is hotty and before honor is humility. And one of the reasons, and and I'll say this as I was praying about this yesterday, one of the reasons that I really do have such admiration for so many people in this church is because I see a humility in our people. And I I greatly admire it. I greatly love it. I see how that there really isn't a self in many people. And and you see, you wonder why miracles follow new converts? Why do miracles follow those that were sinners not too long ago? Why do they have all the miracles? And it seems like they do. It's because they're humble before the Lord. They've been humbled. And then why doesn't it follow all of the heady, high-minded um religious people? Why isn't it there? It's because they are not they don't have that humility that so many others have. It's just to me it's just it's this humility is such a great thing. It's in heaven. Listen to this. Isaiah chapter 6. And I really believe that our failures in this church both in the past and in the future will be because we want a certain thing. We want a certain style because it is acceptable in our circle of friends or in our communities. And that's where we will fail &gt;&gt; and not be humble before the Lord and not not be ready to move as he wants to move. And our successes will because will be because that we can humble ourselves before the Lord and let him use us. As I said, our our our worship team, Josiah, you are not singing. You are not leading for the congregation. You are leading as the Lord leads to please him &gt;&gt; and then we all will benefit. But if if and same thing with me and ministering, I am not ministering to please you. The Bible forbids that. It says in in um Paul writing to Timothy, he said, "For in the end times, for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but they shall heap for themselves teachers having itching ears." These teachers will be there to please the audience, to please the system, to please the world, and not to please God. Isaiah chapter 6, listen to the angels and listen to their humility. Says this, "In the year that King Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple." This is the prophet Isaiah speaking of a vision. Above it stood the seraraphims. Each one had six wings. With twain he covered his face. With two he covered his face. And with two he covered his feet. And with two he did fly. So these angels have six wings. One set of wings is to fly. But what are these other two set of wings for? They cover his feet and they cover his face. Their humility before the Lord. And here they are and they're flying around here with these wings covering themselves in humility before God. And we we always talk about winning a soul to Christ. We always talk about talk about doing miracles and all that. And now we have we we have all of these internet miracle workers going out there and what are they all doing? It's 100% because of where it's at. All of them are videoing themselves. &gt;&gt; And here they are. That's why so many of them are false. Jesus said in the last days false prophets would arise and and deceive many. So we have doesn't mean that they won't. They are. They're everywhere. And how can they deceive many? They can deceive many on social media. And here their biggest thing is not that they care maybe about the person, but they care about the video that's videoing them. &gt;&gt; And look at the difference with these angels. They're covering their face. &gt;&gt; If you really want to win a soul to Christ, get in your closet &gt;&gt; and quiet. &gt;&gt; Get on your knees &gt;&gt; and you pray for that person. Then you can pray. And then there's works associated. Then you reach out to that person. You love that person. You're willing to help that person. That's what wins a soul. And it's not Facebook or Instagram or whatever. Here I am this morning having my coffee, reading my Bible. Little picture, you know. Here I am out feeding the poor. Little picture. These angels had their faces covered. And we want our faces out everywhere today. Wow. &gt;&gt; If you really if you want to win a soul, if you really want miracles, if you want these things to happen, then think about the person that needs them. Think about God &gt;&gt; and take yourself out of it. If you can just be that one that's in the closet praying. Jesus said that the the Pharisees, they have their reward because they're standing out in the street quarters and they're making these big long prayers and they they're they're out on YouTube and they're doing all their thing. And then this other one, Jesus said, "No." He says, "They have their reward. You go into your closet." And he said, "You go before the Lord secretly, and then he will reward you openly, not you, but the Lord will reward your prayers because you did it in humility." And he would heal that person. He would deliver that person. That's a true prayer. That is true humility. It's not that you can get the credit for it. And these angels here they are. I mean, these are great angels, and they're in the presence of God, and they have their faces covered and their feet covered in reverence, in humility before the Lord. Verse number two, again, above it stood the saraphim. Each one had six wings. With twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. And one cried unto the other and said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts. The whole earth is filled with is full of his glory." So they were, you notice they're not looking up at God. They're looking at each other. Says very plainly, "And one cried to the other one." And they were saying, "Holy, holy, holy." They were saying, "Can you believe how great God is? Can you believe how holy is he? Can you believe how wonderful he is? And they're looking at each other and they're saying these things and they have their face covered before the Lord. It's not about the seraraphim. It was about God. And they were rejoicing with each other about how great God is. And that's our example here. And it's they aren't there's a there's a lot of times that we get worked up and we get an emotional response. I saw a lady who was dying of cancer. And here are these seraraphims and they're they're they're worshiping God and they're talking to each other how great God is. And I saw this video of this this woman who was dying of cancer and she goes to a Taylor Swift concert and she was had her hands up and shouting and crying. That's not real. That's just emotion. But when we can look at each other and say, "Can you believe how great God is? Can you believe how wonderful he is? Man, he did this for me. He can do it for you." And you're out there and you're witnessing and you say, "God is great. He's wonderful." Let me tell you what he did for me. And and you're holy, holy, holy. It's not about me. My face is covered, but God is wonderful. Look to him. That's when you get results. &gt;&gt; And here's these saraphims. And it was such a powerful thing. And they're looking at each other and they're like, "Can you believe it? Can you believe that God would call me out?" We can say today, can you believe that God would choose me to believe him? To believe his word to believe on Jesus Christ? Can you believe that God would choose me that that the blood of Christ would cover me? Can you believe that he's he is he's awesome. He is great. He did this in my life. Now he can do it in your life. And its power is associated with that. And watch the power of God manifest itself when he is worshiped in humility. And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried and the house was filled with smoke. So the very posts maybe of the church were shaking because they were worshiping God. It wasn't about them. It was about him. And they were looking at each other and they were saying, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord." And they were all excited and they were just rejoicing. And the walls, it was so great that the walls were shaking because there was power there. &gt;&gt; It was humility in these angels. How great are these angels? And yet they were humble. Now watch what happens when Isaiah sees the power. And humility will point not as the angels, it won't point to the angels, but it'll point to God. &gt;&gt; And and they're looking at each other and they're amazed by the greatness of God. And Isaiah sees them and what they are doing. And now Isaiah's eyes, the humility that he's seeing in these angels when they're covering their faces. Now Isaiah is seeing wow. He's saying he he sees their humility and now he's looking at God and Isaiah says woe is me for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips and I dwell in the midst of people of unclean lips for mine eyes have seen the king the Lord of hosts. These angels are so have such a great representation of how a w how to witness to others. It's a great witness and how we should pray for others. It's a great witness of how we should minister, how we should lead worship. We look at him. He's awesome. And as we're singing, it's like he is great. He is wonderful. Keep your eyes on him. And as humans, we can say, "Here's what he did for me." Can you believe how great he is? And here the walls of the place were shaken because of the humility of the angels and their love and their admiration of God. Now, there's a have time to to tell it. There's a testimony of a of a man in the Bible. I think he may be the only Gentile to have anything written in the Bible. He was pretty much the greatest gentile king that had ever lived. It's not Donald Trump. &gt;&gt; This man named Nebuchadnezzar. &gt;&gt; Nebuchadnezzar was a rough guy as you know. He's the one that invaded um Jerusalem and he took all the people captive. He took Daniel the prophet captive, put him in exile there. The Hebrews were there for 70 years. And here is this Nebuchadnezzar, probably the most powerful man on earth. And he writes his own testimony in Daniel chapter 4. And Daniel includes it in his book. Let's go to Daniel chapter 4 28. And this came upon King Nebuchadnezzar. I'll read the New King James version. It's a little easier to understand. And and all this came upon King Nebuchadnezzar at the end of the 12 months he was walking about the royal palace of Babylon. The king spoke saying, "Is not this great Babylon that I have built for a royal dwelling by my mighty power and for the honor of my majesty?" So look at the pride in Nebuchadnezzar. Look at the lack of humility. This is not the way to approach God. This is not the way to approach anything in our lives. Look at the DA and the trouble that she got into. She was like, "Look at how great I am. I'm a DA. I am I am a lawyer. I I know your job better than you and it didn't work out well for her and it's not going to work out well for this man Nebuchadnezzar. Before we get too far into Nebuchadnezzar, we got to see what is is inspiring this kind of spirit where we look at ourselves and we want to please ourselves rather than looking at God. Ezekiel 28 says this verse number 11. It says, ' Moreover, the word of the Lord came to me, saying, Son of man, take up a lamentation against upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, thus sayeth the Lord God, thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty. Now watch the spirit of Satan that enters into those that are not humble. Thou hast been in Eden, in the garden of God. Every precious stone was thy covering. The sardis and topaz and diamond and barrel and onyx and jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, the carbuncle and the gold. The workmanship of thy tabets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou was created. Yet another scripture where Satan is in the Garden of Eden and he was in the most beautiful place and he was probably it looks like he was the most beautiful thing in that place. The pride welled up in this spirit. Thou art thou art the anointed cherub that coverereth and I have set thee so. Thou was upon the holy mountain of God. Thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire. Thou was perfect in thy ways from the day that thou was created till the till iniquity was found in thee. So what is this iniquity? What's this sin that was found in this this man? Amen. But the multitude of thy merchandise they filled the midst of thee with violence and thou hast sinned. Therefore I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God. And I will destroy thee, oh covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire. Thine heart was lifted up because of your beauty. Thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness. I will cast thee to the ground. I will lay thee before kings and that they may behold thee. Scripture in Proverbs before destruction the heart of man is hotty. Comes before and before honor is humility. So Satan, he's he's hotty and he's he's arrogant and he's self- worshiping and he's lifting himself up here. Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitudes of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffic. That's the modern translation that your trading your business. Therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee. It shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee. They that know thee among people shall be astonished at thee. Thou shalt be a terror means a horror and never shalt thou be anymore. Do you see the spirit of the enemy? Do you see the spirit of of I am I matter. I am special. I in my opinion is what's the most important? The enemy wants to the enemy is not our friend. &gt;&gt; He's no one's friend. He wants to see people fail and he will set us up, pump us up, and I've seen it happen many times. And so someone will be successful and then they will start getting this idea that they're important and that they mean more than someone else. And Satan will set them up and then they will fall and they will fail. He's not anyone's friend. He wants to see failure. And here he sets this king of Ty up and represents Satan and God's like, I'm going to bring you down. Isaiah also talks about this same guy, which is Satan. Isaiah 14:12. Isaiah prophesied just before Ezekiel. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which is weakest the nakans nations? For thou hast said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt exalt my throne above the stars. I will sit upon the mount of the congregations in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit. &gt;&gt; I will cast out devils. I will preach the gospel. I will lead many to the Lord. I will do all this. And when it's all about I, we leave God out. Think of the chair. Think of the seraraphims in the in in heaven around the throne and their faces are covered. There is no I with them. &gt;&gt; It's all about him. &gt;&gt; And it sets up for failure is what it does when it's all about me. Let's go back for time sake. Let's go back to Daniel um back to Daniel 4. Really pride and lack of humility. Satan uses it to destroy &gt;&gt; because Satan himself knows that God's going to punish it. Remember the question about the evil spirit I answered the other day about the evil spirit coming from God that came upon King Saul. For those that are on our in our Wednesday Bible study, this is what happened. God can use Satan. Satan will come up before God and say, "I'll go down." God will say, "Okay, go ahead." It comes from the presence of God and it goes down and it deceives the people and makes them think that they are more special than they are. Makes them think that they are more powerful than they are. Tells them things like you can create worlds, you can cast out devils, you can do all of these things, and then nothing happens. And we're always looking for it to happen. We're looking for it to happen. It's because we have set our sights on ourselves and there's I there have forgotten about God and it's all about him and it's all about the person that's suffering. Instead, it's about us. That's why it doesn't happen. That's why it doesn't work. Verse number 28, we're back to Nebuchadnezzar and he's giving his testimony. He's standing before maybe like us standing before the congregation saying, "Hey, I messed up. I got prideful." All this came upon King Nebuchadnezzar at the end of the 12 months. He was walking about the royal palace of Babylon. The king spoke saying, "Is not this great Babylon that I have built for a royal dwelling by my power and for the honor of my majesty?" While the word was still in the king's mouth, a voice fell from heaven, saying, "King Nebuchadnezzar, to you it is spoken, the kingdom has departed from you, and they shall drive you from men, and your dwelling shall be as the beasts of the field. They shall make you eat grass like oxen and seven times that means seven years shall pass over you until you know that the most high rules in the kingdom of men and gives it to whoever whoever he chooses. I don't care how powerful you are president. I don't care how powerful you are king. I don't care how powerful you are priest or pope or whatever. God is God. &gt;&gt; He is sovereign. If any of us have anything, it's because he gave it. And if we don't give him the glory for what we have, then he might just take it away as he did with Nebuchadnezzar. &gt;&gt; Where was I at? Verse 33. That very hour the word was fulfilled concerning Nebuchadnezzar. He was driven from men and ate grass like oxen. His body was wet with dew of heaven and his hair till his hair had grown like eagle's feathers and his nails like bird's claws. He was humbled. I'll tell you, when you're a child of God, God will humble you. And we better thank God he does. &gt;&gt; He may allow us to fail just like me. And I I tell my little story about this conference this week, but he loves me and he allowed me to fail. It wasn't a big deal, but he allowed me to fail so that I would look at myself, examine myself, and say, "Lord, I'm sorry. I didn't make it about you. I made it about me." My story, my testimony with this district attorney. It was about her. Everything was about how she was looking in front of her friends. And then she suffered for it. If there would have been humility, it would never have happened. They would have been blessed. But because I believe maybe she is a child of God. I know I'm a child of God. He allows us to make mistakes. He allows us to fail so that we will repent and say, "Lord, I was wrong. Now I'm going to put you first." And at the end of the time, I Nebuchadnezzar lifted my eyes to heaven and my understanding returned to me. And I blessed the most high and praised and honored him who lives forever. For his dominion is an everlasting dominion and his kingdom is from generation to generation. All the inhabitants of the earth are reputed does nothing. He does according to his will in the army of heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth. No one can restrain his hand. What does the King James says? It says, "No one can stay his hand." Or say unto him, "What doest thou?" Or say to him, "What have you done?" None of us have a right to do that. There was a We can close here and Josiah can and the worship team can come. There was a lady that I was working with and uh she was on my team, scientist, and she said, "So, you're a pastor?" And I I said, "Yeah." And she says, "You know, my dad's trying to get me to go back to church." She might be watching right now. She said, "My dad's trying to get me to go back to church." And she's my age and she's successful. She's a a PhD and and uh very very very successful in her career. And she says, "I can't stand." She says, "I love Jesus." She says, "I love what he did. I love what he stood for." She says, "But I just every time I go to church," she said, "the people are so mean to me." She says, "They really they they judge me. And she says, 'I just I can't I I can't stand going. She says she says, 'I can tell you're different.' She said, 'You actually, it seems like you care for the people and not for your narrative or what you're trying to do. And uh it was really neat because another person on our team, he and I were talking about the Lord the whole time. And this is just so odd to have this group of people together, all of us on our team. We're talking about the Lord. &gt;&gt; And she and she was like, "I'm just I'm torn." She says, "I'm confused." And she says, "You, my dad gave me a book." She said, "Uh, he's he's Baptist now. He was Presbyterian before when I was growing up, but my dad gave me a book." And she said the the title of the book, I won't get it exactly right, but I would be a Christian if it wasn't for the Christians. And she said that this book really makes sense. She says Jesus what he taught was great. She says, but these people don't represent him. And then the guy that that um the other Christians all of us were Christians in the room. He said you know he said being a Christian is very difficult. He said Jesus requires a lot from us. He requires really everything. And the point was these people that say that they're Christians, they're just being Christians in one aspect of their life and they are not being in the other aspect of their life. And if we could just friends, if we could just be a real Christian, if we could just act like Jesus acted, if we could just do like Jesus taught, if we could prefer our brother over ourselves or our neighbor over ourselves, if we could just not judge when someone comes in, you don't know what that person where that person comes from. You don't know what that person's dealing with. If you if we could just reach out like Jesus did with Mary Magdalene or with Peter or with the other these other rough characters. If we would just act like that instead of being like this lady experienced then things would happen if we would just be humble and act in humility like these saraphims did before the Lord. And I mean covering their faces. It's not about me. It's about him. If we would just do that, then we would see the blessings of God just poured down on us. And this man Nebuchadnezzar, he got full of himself like so many do and say, "I'm important. I'm this and I'm that." And they lose sight of the humility that God requires. And with humility, I promise you, will come success in your walk with the Lord. If we were just be humble and have humility, it'll work and not offend. Be so careful. The Lord Jesus says, "Woe unto the world because of offenses." He says, "enses must come." But he said, "Woe unto them by whom those offenses come." Humility. Friends, it's It'll solve the problems I promised. It'll make you more successful. It'll lead those people to the Lord that you want to come to the Lord. If you were just act like those seraraphim act those seraphim acted, they looked at each other and they were just giving glory to God and they had their face covered. It's not about me, but it's about what he is. And now we can say it's not about me, but it's about what he did for me on the cross. Humble ourselves before the Lord, brother Josiah. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can't use me. I give myself away. [Music] &gt;&gt; I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, take my heart, take my life as a living sacrifice, all my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you can use me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Sing that again. &gt;&gt; My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Sing that again. My life. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. One more time. My life. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. &gt;&gt; Amen. That song makes me think of this scripture. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Friends, this world teaches us not to be humble. From the time that that we're born all the way through our life, especially this world, more than this time, more than any other time in history, teaches us to exalt ourselves. Teaches us to lift ourselves up. lift ourselves up in the religious world, lift ourselves up in the corporate world, lift ourselves up in the public world, on on social media. It is teaching us to lift ourselves up. And when we do that, the humility is pushed down. Think about those seraraphims going before the Lord and they're looking at each other in awe of this mighty God. And they're looking at each other and they're just crying, "Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord." Like us, we can look at each other saying, "Can you believe how great he is? Can you believe what he's done for me? Can you believe what he's done for my family? He is just, he's holy, holy, holy unto the Lord." And then we cover our face. We go into the closet and pray in secret. We go and pray for each other. We help each other behind the scenes so that nobody knows about it. And then God steps on the scene and the glory of God comes in and the walls were shaken because of the power and really it was their humility. That's what makes those angels so great and that's what makes a Christian great is humility before the Lord and before each other. Let's all stand. My Jesus, my savior. Shout to the Lord. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. &gt;&gt; Power and majesty, praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. [Music] I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's exalt him this morning. Verse one. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, oh, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. [Music] I sing for joy at the work of your hands. &gt;&gt; Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Maybe tonight I'll I'll finish on this subject and I'll answer at least one of the questions that I've received from the congregation in closing heard brother Brandham say one time he said talking about the power of God and let's think of the humility that God has &gt;&gt; he said do you ever hear the sunrise guys. And yet, look at all the power in the sun. And look at all the power and all the gravity of the of the the universe. All the power that's in our solar system and the sun just comes up quietly. No fanfare, no no trumpets being blown. And then when it starts coming up, the roosters start to crow. The birds start to sing. Life starts to stir around. The night animals go back to their place. Light is shed. We can see. And all the power of that. And it all happened with no sound whatsoever. How beautiful is our Lord. And think about his humility. the humility of God, the one that the angels are surrounding. When he came to earth, he didn't come as a king. He didn't come with all the fanfare. He came to a poor, meaningless couple in a meaningless little town called Bethlehem. born in a meaningless stable with a bunch of meaningless animals with a bunch of meaningless shepherds up on the hill and all of these had the greatest honor that anyone could ever have. The king of glory came down in that baby in all of that humility and they got to witness it. Praise God. Look at the humility in God. Now, do you think we should be humble? Let's bow our heads. Father, we're grateful for your goodness to us. And Lord, we don't like it's hard to be humbled, but Lord, it's because of your grace that you've done it to us. Lord, give us the wisdom to be humble so that Lord that you don't have to bring hardships on us. So Lord that you could use us to do miracles so that you could use us to heal the sick. You could use us to call the lost. Lord, we humbly stand before you and we thank you for your goodness. Thank you Lord for your kindness. Pray that each person here as they leave, Father, may the words that I read out of this Bible, may it stay in their minds, Lord. May it guide them. And I pray that you would use each one of us to bring light to a very dark world in Jesus name. Amen. Feeling so much better talking about this good old way. &gt;&gt; Feeling so much better talking about Sing that again. Feeling so much Oh, feeling so much better talking about this good old way. feeling so much better talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about You know who doesn't like it? The devil. He don't like it. talking about this good old way. The devil, he don't like it. Talking about So, let's go on. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the feeling so much better. Oh, feeling so much better talking about this good old way. Feeling so much better talking about. So, let's go on. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Let's go on. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's good. So, my trip to Washington wasn't a wasn't a failure. So, I went there and uh I told the story about what we did and I was talking with one of the people in my group and I said, you know, I want to just I said, if I could have one thing in my life, I said, I want to be a Christian. I said, when Jesus said on his sermon on the mount to prefer another man's wealth over your own, you want to see somebody else um do better than you. I said, 'I want that. I said, 'When I'm on the highway, I want the other guy to get in the lane in front of me. I said, that's what I want in life. And you know what he did? He said, I'm going to pray for you right now &gt;&gt; and right there out in the open. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; He prayed for me in the name of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; So, I went there and I got prayed for and it felt good. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Don't forget service tonight. If you want to pray for somebody, pray for them. And you can do it right now. You can do it right here. You can do it wherever you are. Don't be embarrassed. This This brother wasn't embarrassed. I I really appreciated that. So, tonight five o'clock, we will continue on with this. God bless you all and pray that the Lord will be with you. You're dismissed.
