################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-15 - The Temptation of Jesus Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-15
Title:    The Temptation of Jesus: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2hEXGDJPSg
========================================

Description:
September 14 Sunday 10AM. Pastor Daniel goes through Matthew 4 and relates the temptations of Christ to our own lives.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And father I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Oh father, I see that you were drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. So let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. [Music] I surrender to the king. [Music] And father I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed. And as the saints of every nation are awaken in the sing. And from our heart there comes an end. Oh here the heavens ring. This is our song. A song to our king. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. And from our hearts it comes an Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is my a song to our king. So let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. [Music] I surrender to the king. [Music] Amen. Are you happy to be in church this morning? [Music] Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed. If we could stand this morning and light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. [Music] and beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. [Music] And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me [Music] and King of all days. Oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love of sake became for. Let's sing that one more time. and king of all days. Oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. [Music] Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake became poor. [Music] And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs. to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs. And to see my sins upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs. to see my sin upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow out. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. [Music] Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. the name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin is great. Your love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. And death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence the bows of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. the praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. And you have no rival. And you have no equal. And now and forever, God, you reign. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. and nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. There's not another name we could say that better than Jesus. [Music] You may be seated. If the brothers would make way for the prayer requests and offerings [Music] and you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you and you are here working in this place. I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here working in this place. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here touching every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here healing every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here turning lives around. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here men in every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you for you are and you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are And you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. If we could stand this morning. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. &gt;&gt; You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in darkness. &gt;&gt; My God, that is who you are. [Music] Good morning. &gt;&gt; It is so good to be with you. It is so good to be in the house of the Lord. You know, the Lord inhabits his house. Not this building, but each one of you, each one of us. That's the temple of the Lord. That's the house of the Lord. That's where God lives. In old times, they built a temple literally as a house of God. And that's where we get that term house of God. But God dwells in the hearts of men. He dwells in living tabernacles of flesh. And as we come together, each one bringing that portion of the spirit of God that we have, coming together, coming together in unity, coming together in love, coming together to worship. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; To worship. One heart, one mind, one accord. setting aside differences, setting aside opinions, setting aside stuff so that we can focus on the one who created all the stuff which is the Lord Jesus. I'm just so happy to be home. Heather and I have been gone for five weeks. And for five weeks and and a day, so for 36 days, we missed your fellowship. For 36 days, we missed your presence. For 36 days, we were unable to gather together with you. We were with family. We had a wonderful time. The Lord was with us. His hand was there. It was it was a wonderful time. But we missed you and we're so so glad to be back. And we have a couple of prayer requests here and couple of others. A sister Erica Morales says that tomorrow she's going to court to file for joint custody with the father of her daughter. She prays that all goes well. Let's join with our sister that all will go well, that she'll be able to to to have time with her daughter to see how God's worked in our life. Um, it's been a year since the quarter approved her to to see her. And by coming here, uh, she says it was just it was just a dream. It was just a year ago that she started coming. She was baptized and she's with us and we're just so glad and we're we're with our sister as she faces this court time to to show the change in her life to her daughter and to the court and to ever how that works out that I'm I'm not a lawyer. We have a a request here from Sister Corey Brady. Many of you may not know her. Sister Cordy came down from Canada roughly 1971 or two. She was just a teenager then. She married Frank Brady and uh and been uh here in the Tucson area for many many years now. Please pray for my grandson, David Bowman. He spent last year fighting colon cancer. He spent his 19th birthday in the hospital. He's now at Banner Hospital with stage four cancer. The doctors are hoping the blockage will move on its own without surgery. Surgery be dangerous due to the present cancer. He'll start on chemo as soon as possible. Please pray for him. And she says her testimony, her witness. There's nothing too hard for our Lord. &gt;&gt; I also want to bring a couple of uh notes that this reminded me. I I have a niece uh that also uh has been diagnosed with cancer and is starting a pretty aggressive uh treatment regimen starting in a couple of weeks. and a daughter-in-law uh who also has just been diagnosed with cancer and they're starting to figure out what they might want to do in that case. But we know that our Lord is able cancer just cells that are gone crazy. They're just multiplying and and doing bad things and it's self-destructive because if the cancer kills the host, the cancer dies, too. So, we know that that's not something that the Lord says, but it's something that the Lord can use. So we just pray that the Lord through whatever path that that these people are going through that he gets glory and that we see his hand at work. Let's just join our hearts together now if we would. Lord Jesus, again, it's just such a relief and such an honor and such a privilege and such a praise in our heart. Lord, we just want to worship you. We're so grateful, Lord, not just for what you do, but for who you are. Lord, we just pray that that presence, Lord, of who you are would just dwell within us and flow out from us, Lord. Lord, that others can see not us, but see you. Others can be drawn, Lord, not to us, but to you, Lord. And others can see the hand of you working in their lives, Lord. Meet these needs, Lord. these medical conditions that have been brought our bodies, these these very temples, Lord, that you choose to inhabit as your as your house, Lord. And Lord, we just are again so grateful that we can be joined together here and now as the offering is about to be taken, Lord. We we pray, we know and we trust, but we pray, Lord, that it would be used for the purposes that you intend and that you desire, Lord, in order to bring honor and glory to you. And Lord Jesus, we just again want to say thank you and thank you and thank you again in Jesus precious name. Amen. God bless you all. You may be seated. All the saints and angels [Music] bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you are worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. to all these saints [Music] and all the saint and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. Yes, you're worthy of it all, Jesus. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. And day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Oh, day and night, night and day, let in arise. Oh, day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. [Music] Here [Music] is where I lay it down every burden, every crown. This is my surrender. This is my surrender. Here is where I lay it down. every lie and every doubt. This is my surrender [Music] and I will make room for you to do whatever you want to to do whatever you want to and I will make room for you. to do whatever you want to. To do whatever you want. [Music] &gt;&gt; Here is where I lay it down. Every burden, every crowd. This is my surrender. And this is my surrender. Here is where I lay it down. Every lion, every doubt. This is my surrender. And this is my surrender. And I will make room for you &gt;&gt; to do whatever you want to to do whatever you want to. And I will make room for you to do whatever you want to. to do whatever you want to. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will make room for you to do whatever you want to to do whatever you want to &gt;&gt; make room for you to do whatever you want to. Whatever you want to shake up the ground of all my tradition. Break down the walls of all my religion. You're always better. You're always better. Shake up the grounds of all my tradition. Break down the walls of all my religion. He always better. He always better. Shake up the ground of all my tradition. Break down the walls of all my religion. Your way is better. &gt;&gt; Your way is better. &gt;&gt; Shake up the ground of all my traditions. Break down the walls of all my religion. Your better. be always better. And I will make room for you &gt;&gt; to do whatever you want. Do whatever you want to. And I will make room for you. &gt;&gt; Do whatever you want to. Whatever you want to. [Music] &gt;&gt; Here is where I lay it down. You are all I'm chasing now. This is my surrender. This is my surrender. Here is where I lay it down. You are all I'm chasing now. This is my surrender. This is my surrender. [Applause] If we could stand this morning. I'll raise a hallelu [Music] in the presence of my enemies. I'll raise a hallelujah louder than the unbelief. I'll raise a hallelu. [Music] My weapon is a melody. [Music] I'll raise a hallelujah. [Music] And heaven comes to fight for me. And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder you're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes hope will arise. And death is defeated. The king is alive. I'll raise a hallelujah with everything inside of me. I'll raise a hallelujah and I will watch the darkness sweet. I'll raise a hallelu [Music] in the middle of the mystery. I'll raise a hallelujah in fear. You lost your hold on me. [Music] And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. And louder and louder. You got to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise and death is defeated. The king is alive. [Music] I'll raise a hallelujah [Music] in the presence of my enemies. I'll raise a hallelu [Music] unbelie. [Music] I'll raise a hallelu. [Music] My weapon is a melody. I'll raise a hallelu [Music] and heaven comes to fight for me. And I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. And up from the ashes, hope will arise &gt;&gt; and death is defeated. The king is alive. Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; I stand here as a witness and I know many of you do too, that he is alive. &gt;&gt; He is alive and he is at the right hand of the majesty on high. And you know what else? He lives right inside of me. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Our father, we are grateful, Lord, that we can pray to a king that is alive. Father, we pray that you would come down and go through the audience today. May every person that came here searching for something, Lord, may they receive what they are searching for. Father, most of all, would you be pleased with our gathering, with our worship, and what is being said, we pray. We love you, Lord. In Jesus name, a name above all names we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. Thank you. Feel good this morning. Feel really good. It's good to see to see we have visitors with us today. I u I met Lorraine and Aurora this morning. Welcome. God bless you. It's good to have you in service. Praise God. I uh what a sweet spirit both of you. I I walked out and I I saw somebody I didn't know and I shook their hand and wow what a very very nice I can tell you're Christians. Praise God. And um I believe it's Reetta and and family back there. Where are you? Martin family, right? Welcome. God bless you. It's good to have you in service also. Brother, I I forgot your name in the tan suit there. What's your name again? &gt;&gt; Yes, brother. Welcome. God bless you. It's good good to have you and your wife in service. And uh I see there's a few that I don't recognize. Welcome, Brother Joe. Who's with you? Oh man, you grew a beard and everything. Look at you and had a bunch of babies. Welcome. Good. Good to see you. Welcome. It's I didn't recognize you. Welcome. God bless you. God bless you, sister. Welcome. Welcome to service. It's good good to have you in service. [Laughter] Praise God. And and for those of you that I don't recognize or that uh that I didn't recognize here, welcome. We appreciate our visitors. Um, somebody special to me is here is young man that I witnessed to one day out in front of the the church here and I mentioned him a couple times a long time ago and he just had a had a good spirit. There was there was two of them out there and I I went up and and I uh started talking about the Lord and one of them started listening to me very very closely. when I was talking about Johnny, I don't remember what the subject was, but I I felt a presence and I felt a pull that there was something about this young man that was special. And he came to church a little while and he left and he contacted me a couple days ago and he said, "Hey, pastor, it's Johnny Walker." He he said, "You remember me?" "Of course I do." And he said, "I believe that the Lord has uh Let me read. Let me I hope it's okay because I'm going to do it. Never done that before." He said this. He said, "When I was loitering outside the church, we met." He says, 'I'm back in Tucson and I've quickly come to terms with my faith. What time is the sermon on Sunday? And then he says, 'I know it's late.' And and we texted back and forth. He says, 'I know it's late. Just got home from work. And he says, I'm very interested in being baptized. Is that something that I should seek out from the Tucson Tabernacle? And I said, "Most, most certainly, John. Johnny, raise your hand back there. We haven't seen you in a while. Raise your hand, Johnny. God bless you. It's good to have you in service. Erica, I heard that that prayer request that you put in. Another one. Erica told me right here. She told me that one day she was destitute that there was there was really no hope in life. And I believe you're homeless. You didn't have a place to go. and and she was standing out in front of at the bus stop out here in front of the church and something told her that one day that she would be a part of this congregation and here she is. Welcome Eric. God bless you. I'm honored friends. We're gonna I I sent out a a WhatsApp notification that we're going to rededicate the church. It's been 60 years since brother Brandham and brother Green dedicated this church and we are we're honored that uh we're going to be able to done our renovations soon. We'll be done. I appreciate the patience with the construction that's going to be done soon and uh the days are November 21st, 22nd, 23rd. brother um a friend of mine Steve Brouson from Quebec will be ministering on Saturday and I'm looking forward to hearing him. He's a wonderful minister and this is going to be an evangelical theme like our Tucson Tabernacle is because of the people that are sitting in the chairs right now and the gifts that you all have and the gifts that you have proh projected to the outside and bringing people into church. We're going to continue on with that. I believe that is our role as a church is to reach out to those that may not have a church, that may not have a community, and bring those people in, get them to come in. And uh that's going to be the theme. And and friends, I see that as being the theme as long as I'm standing in this pulpit. Zyra, I like his shirt. Says, "Start with Jesus." And if we start with Jesus, then you know what? We'll finish with Jesus &gt;&gt; and then we'll have Jesus all through the middle. &gt;&gt; It's all about the Lord Jesus. I I I want to mention I mentioned this on Wednesday night that uh this man uh was was murdered and one of the most influential voices in the world today pointing youth to Jesus Christ and away from just hatefilled agendas. And that's this man named Charlie Kirk. And in his legacy, I've been blessed to notice that the memorials, the gatherings that have been in on his behalf have been very peaceful, very welcoming, and they're still willing to extend a hand of fellowship across political and religious lines, and I appreciated that with him. Um, Brother Aaron, could you turn the air down a little bit? I think I see some fans going on and if you could if you could turn that down. But I I believe that this man Charlie Kirk, I believe he was a great man and he did a whole lot and he was very respectful to everyone he was talking to and and everyone he was debating with. He at 18 years old, he started this organization called Turning Point. And he would go to college campuses. Remember at 18 years old, we we at 18 years old, he would go to college campuses and he would sit down at a table and he would say um I think it was education is stupid. prove me wrong. And he was so smart. And he would talk about how the educational system and he would of course not categorically that there is a place for education. There's a place to um to move forward in that way. But just going to school for no reason. Charlie was very against and he did a good job and and he brought in Jesus Christ into many of his talks and many of his debates. And I think that he was at his best not when he was talking about political things, but when he was arguing the point of Christ. And I I really appreciate him and and uh this young man that that killed him. It looks like he was uh radicalized by the internet, what he was reading there, and also um from gaming, the games that he would play, the the violence that was surrounding him. And I'm about to probably disagree with 90% of the people in this building. So, don't throw anything at me. Don't get up and leave. Um, lock the doors. You're going to hear it, friends. I'm against I am I am against the death penalty. And I say that not because we don't someone that would commit such a heinous crime wouldn't be deserving of that. But I believe every sinner needs the opportunity to repent. No matter what the crime is. this this young man is confused and I believe he's possessed with an evil spirit and he should spend the rest of his life in prison for his crimes. He should answer for these things where he can reflect on these things and even possibly consider that Jesus Christ died for his sins. Also remember Christ died on the cross next to two vile criminals. And he also took the place of a murderer when he went to the cross. This man named Barabus. Barabbus was freed and Jesus answered for his crimes. He was punished the way that a criminal should be punished or or was punished. And and he died according to the death penalty. Jesus did, which in my mind says that he died even for those who deserve the death penalty. So I I look at this young man and he did a a horrible thing, but I pray that he would turn his ways. We've heard, I quote it many times, brother Random said, one soul is worth 10,000 worlds. That means that man's soul, too. I pray that of course he should spend the rest of his life in prison, but I pray that he will find the Lord and that soul would would repent. You know, we hear so much before I get into my sermon today. We hear so much about the unpardonable sin. And I think, did this young man commit the unpardonable sin by killing one of the kindest, kindest, and most dedicated people in the world today? I don't think he did. Is the unpardonable pardonable sin maybe suicide as some people say? I don't think it is. Is the unpardonable sin disrespecting God through our words and blasphemy? I don't think it is either. &gt;&gt; In my opinion, the unpardonable sin, the things that you cannot be forgiven for are the things that you refuse to ask for forgiveness of. If you think that you're justified in committing a sin and you don't need forgiveness, then how can you be forgiven for that? &gt;&gt; The secret sins are the dangerous sins. The self-righteous maybe church member who is always condemning others by the way that maybe they look or maybe their past sins and yet the sin is kept inside in this person. Imagine the willingness to lie, maybe to get your own way. Willing to to lie to protect maybe inward sins, the gossip maybe that will destroy someone's character because they don't agree with you. And yet you don't repent of these things. &gt;&gt; Jesus himself was condemned to die on the cross because of a lie. Remember the ninth commandment. We all think most people say it says thou shalt not lie. It's not the ninth commandment. The ninth commandment is thou shalt not bear false witness which is far far worse. We we shouldn't bear false witness against anyone. And friends, really, how can you be pardoned for a sin where you will not repent of that sin? That's why a sinner coming to the Lord, I think, is one of the most blessed things in the world. &gt;&gt; No matter who you are, no matter no matter what you've done, it could be something as vile as this person did to Charlie Kirk. Or it could be just someone that has a problem with lying or gossiping about other others or even just getting their own way. That sinner that comes to Christ is a blessed thing. The angels rejoice in heaven. When this happens, I the I've had many that are in this congregation, a few that have come to me over the past couple years since I've been pastor, and they've told me that they are very ashamed of their past life, and they bear the scars of it. They're embarrassed of what they used to be. And and I want you to know friends, if you are one of those people that that are really struggling with the things that you've done and you've repented of these things and and you you you have to understand that that's who that's the exact person that accepted Jesus Christ. Those are the exact people, the ones that had sin, outward sin, that people knew their sin. Those are the ones that came to the Lord Jesus for mercy. &gt;&gt; It was those people. It was Mary Magdalene. It was Matthew, a crooked businessman. It was Zakius, a crooked businessman. It was these people that had these outward sins. They are the ones that came to Jesus and bowed down at his feet and repented. And it was the ones that were the holy so-called holy people, the ones that didn't think that they had any sins, that thought that they were better than someone else that not only didn't repent of their sins, but they crucified Jesus. &gt;&gt; It was those people. And I and and friends, you that that beat yourself up about things that you have done, do you think that God will require two penalties for you? You've repented. You've made it right. God God doesn't require God doesn't require anymore. That's you've laid it at his feet. It's over. It's done. You still have to live with it, but you don't have to. You won't go to heaven with it. It's gone. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But it's those ones that hold on to it. It's those ones that will not repent, that are judgmental of others. Those are the ones that I truly worry about. Those are the ones that, as I said, they crucified Jesus. There won't be two penalties, friends. Don't worry. You've changed as the people in the Bible has changed. And you can say, "I am one who was like these people in the Bible that truly accepted Jesus and didn't point any fingers at anyone else." This young man that killed Charlie Kirk, I do I pray that he he repents and I pray that he sees the evilness of of his ways and I pray that he sees how he gave in to the temptations of the devil. And then on the day of judgment, I do pray that the blood of Jesus Christ would cover his sins as they cover mine. I uh I ministered last week on uh the title of the sermon was let it cook and it was basically don't do anything just quickly or halfhazardly. And some of these scriptures that that I read, I was saying listen, let these things cook for a while. think about these scriptures that I'm reading and don't just go on to the next one, but think about them. And one of the things that's been cooking in me all week that I just I just can't get past it is I read in Luke where where Luke said that Jesus increases in wisdom and stature and in favor with God and men. Now he was 12 years old and he was asking he went to the temple. He was asking questions to the priests and and and the and they were he was he was listening to the teachers and then it started where he started teaching the teachers and these priests were like wow this kid is sharp. There is something special about this kid. It's when he was 12 years old. And then there is a period of silence only filled in by what Luke said that Jesus increased in wisdom and in stature and in favor with God and men. And as I've been cooking on that all week, I think he's God in flesh. The Bible says, why did the son of God increase in favor with God? He obviously studied the scriptures during this time from 12 to 30 years old. And I'll read in a few moments. I know that because I'll read in a few moments that Jesus quoted the scripture. He quoted Moses's books. And you need to know the scriptures, friends, to quote the scriptures. You can't just all of a sudden show up and quote the scriptures. You got to have read them first. You got to have studied them. It takes time. It takes time to get knowledgeable in the word. And then we know that we see that any more than anyone else, Jesus, the son of God, prayed. He prayed. He prayed all night. One night, he prayed constantly. Always getting away and praying. So you you think, how could he grow with God? Well, he grew from reading the scriptures and he grew from praying. And then it also says, and I don't want to forget this, he grew in favor with man. How do you grow in favor with man? You do things right. I had a friend um well he was a colleague in uh in one of our offices and I I went and talked to him and he he uh when I was there in the office he got me and uh his immediate supervisor and he says hey can I talk to you all for a second and uh whenever somebody does that it's like uh oh you know what's what's going on so we go into the office in private and he says he said this he said uh I think I'm going to take uh retirement He says, "But I'm torn." He said, "I want to do what's right for me." And he says, "I want to do what's right for my family." And he says, "But I also don't want to leave my office um because I know that you can't hire to replace me. I also want to do what's right for my office." He said, he said, "I don't want to leave all of my friends to where they have to do all of my work while I retire." And he he says, he says, "But you know, I have to do what's right with my family." And I said, "Wait a minute, Shannon." And I said, I said, ' Let me stop you for a minute. You don't do what's right for you. And I said, and neither do you do what's right for your family. And I said, neither do you do what's right for your office colleagues. I said, what you need to do is you need to do what is right. Period. There's an answer to what is right. And if we're always thinking, I want to do what's right for this person. and I want to do what's right for me. I want to do what's right for my family. We might very well miss the mind of God. And I said, "You need to do what's right. You need to go home. You need to pray about this. And then you need to make the decision. Not what's right for you, but what's right. Period." And the guy, he's this giant guy. He got up and man, he gave me the biggest hug. And he said, "Dan, I've known you since we were kids when we worked together a long time ago." And he says, "You always have wisdom." And that's wisdom. And it's easy for me to say you need to do what's right. Now, it's what's right for you or your family. But how do you do that? It's easy to say it, but how do you actually do what's right? And what you do is you pray about this. You ask God, Lord, what is your will? Not my will, but Lord, what is your will? So Jesus, this man, he grew up, as I said, from 12 to 30, and he grew in favor with men. He gained the favor of those that knew him. He must have been honest. He must have been always on the level. He must have always done what was right. We know he was. We know he did because he was the son of God and he was the sinless son of God. He always did that which was right. Dwight Moody said this. Out of a hundred men, one will read the Bible and the other 99 will read the Christian. Out of a 100 men, one will read the Bible and the other 99 out of a hundred will read the Christian. I assume Brother Brandham was quoting Dwight Moody when he said this. We are known by the life that we live and it's been said your life speaks so loud that I can't hear your testimony. So therefore to live a sermon which be would be much better than to preach one. So during these 18 years of silence from 12 to 30 Jesus gained the respect of of those who knew him. And in everything I teach I quote Jesus more than I quote anyone else in the Bible. And really Jesus was one that he actually lived what he taught. He was the one person that did it. And when we get to the sermon on the mount in the in the coming weeks, Jesus is going to say things and I I really wanted to start ministering on really the greatest sermon that was ever preached. This was, I think, the highlight of any sermon anyone had ever preached to that time or since that time. And that is this sermon that Jesus stands and all of these thousands of people are around and he preaches something that had never been preached before. The greatest in my opinion of all of the sermons was this sermon on the mount. And Jesus says things like to prefer your brother over yourself. He says, "I didn't come to destroy the law, the teachings of Moses. I came to fulfill it." And he says, "You don't you don't throw away." And he's saying that he's saying you don't throw away the Old Testament. Jesus was the fulfillment of the Old Testament. And then he raises the level of the Old Testament. And he says if you just desire to have an affair with someone other than your wife, you've committed adultery. Not if you do it, but if you want to do it, you've committed adultery. If you call someone worthless, then you're in danger of hell. is what Jesus said in this sermon on the mount. It's really the most amazing sermon. And the most amazing thing is that Jesus proved that he he lived every word that he preached and he had already lived it. It wasn't like a a fallible man like me coming up here and opening this Bible and preaching the word and saying that you should live the word and then I have failed in many ways and any other minister has. But Jesus when he preached it, he had actually done it. He had accomplished what he was preaching. Hebrews chapter 2 verse 17. We're going to talk about the temptation of Jesus today. Hebrews chapter 2 verse 17. I'll read the New King James Version. It says this, "Therefore, in all things he had to be made like his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God to make propitiation for the sins of the people. For in that he himself has suffered being tempted. He is able to aid those who are tempted. He's able to help those that are tempted. So the author of Hebrews is saying here that he was like us so he would understand how we are tempted. You can never truly understand someone's trials unless you have been there. If someone loses a baby, if someone is trying to overcome addiction or was hurt in church, you cannot truly empathize with that person unless you've been there yourself. And that is what the scripture means. Jesus was made like us so he would understand our temptations. He was great. He had been through it. Hebrews chapter 4:1 15 says this, "For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin." The New King James says, "For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin." Without sin is the key. He knows how it feels when an alcoholic desires a drink. He knows how it feels when a liar wants to lie. He knows how it feels when a temper raises up. But he overcame those temptations his entire life. He was a carpenter. He knew how it was to not get paid for your work. He knew how it was to get cheated. And he handled things the right way in every way, gaining favor with men. So with what brother Brandham said, he says, 'We are known by the life that we live and it's been said that your life speaks so loud I can't hear your testimony. So therefore to live a sermon which be would be which would be much better than to preach one. We um and that's how it is. It's it's in business. It's witnessing to someone. It's inviting someone to church. whatever it might be. If you live that life, if you live that sermon, if you live the way Jesus lived, it's a whole lot better than just the preacher up here telling you, "Here's what the Bible says, now you should do it." But when you take what the Bible says and then you actually do it, now we have something. Now we have something powerful. Now, when Jesus was walking through, I was talking with Stephanie about this with this the other day. Jesus had this respect among the community. So when he walked up to the boat with Peter and James and John and Andrew and he said, "Come follow me." He already had a reputation. They dropped their nets and they went right after him. The same thing with Matthew. When Matthew saw him going by and he looked down at Matthew, he said, "Come follow me." Matthew dropped all of his stuff and he went and followed Jesus because Jesus had already gained favor with men. He was living a testimony. He was doing it right. The Bible says that a pastor must have a good reputation with those that are outside the church. You can't just be a good preacher and walk into the role of a leader. You've got to earn a reputation outside the church in the world. You have to have a good reputation. It says that in the book of First Timothy. It also says that in Titus. It commands that. And I look at this Charlie Kirk. This man had earned respect. He wasn't just given it. He started turning point. I said at 18 years old and he earned that respect. He did it right with Jesus. Every time he was given the opportunity to make a decision, he made the right one. But don't think he wasn't tempted to make the wrong decision. He was. The Bible says he was. He was tempted in every manner yet without sin. And the wrong decisions, friends, they are so easy to make. I say all this because people so often look at Jesus as this untouchable God. You know, you think, well, he's he's God. He's perfect. And he was perfect. But he also understands what we go through. The very touchable nature of God is Jesus Christ. He is the one that we can touch. He is the one that understands. God is a spirit. But he had to come down in the form of a human being to feel what we feel, to go through what we go through. That's what makes him so great, that we can reach out and we can touch it. And he says, "You know what, son? I know what you're going through. I know how you feel." Is it? So Jesus goes through and we he spends these 18 years in silence. And this is the beginning now of his ministry. And we'll eventually get to the masterpiece of all sermons. Like I said before, we won't today. But what led up to this sermon on the mount? Let's go to Matthew chapter 3 verse 16. I'm sorry for the heat. I'm feeling it up here, too. Matthew chapter 3. No, I'm not letting you out early. I'll just take off my tie. I'm always looking for an excuse to do that. Matthew ch Matthew 3:1 16 says this. And Jesus when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water and lo, the heavens were opened unto him and he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove and lighting upon him. And lo, a voice from heaven saying, this is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. And then in Luke chapter 4, it says this. And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan and was led by the spirit into the wilderness. So now even with all the temptations Jesus had experienced as a young man and all the temptations that he overcame and the good reputation he developed, it was time that Jesus faced a temptation that was higher than he had ever faced. Matthew chapter 4 verse one. I'll go back and forth from Matthew and Luke probably here. They're telling the same story, different perspectives. Let's keep uh Matthew up on the screen if I go into Luke. Let's just keep Matthew there. Matthew chapter 4 verse one. Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted 40 days and 40 nights, he was afterward a hunger. He was hungry. So 40 days he was without food. He was emaciated. He didn't have any energy. He was weak and he's hungry. Now Jesus is at the weakest point and now the enemy steps in. Now I want to point out this is very important. The scripture says that Jesus was led into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. This was not Jesus's choice. The spirit led him to be tempted. And and friends, when we go into temptation, let's make sure that we are not walking into the temptation ourselves. If you have a problem with drinking, don't go to the liquor store. Don't hang around with people that drink. If you have a problem with with with sleeping around or you're weak there, stay away from that that young man or that young woman or that that boy or girl, stay away from that person. Don't allow yourself to be in a in a situation where you get tempted. Stay away from the temptation even. But Jesus, this was not his choice. It was God that led him to this place to be tempted. And he's in the wilderness now in 1 Corinthians chapter 10. Let's talk about this temptation for a moment. 1 Corinthians chapter chapter 10 says this. No temptation has overtaken you. I'll read the New King James Version. 1 Corinthians 10:13. No temptation has overtaken you except such as is common to man. But God is faithful who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able, but with the temptation will also make a way of escape that you may bear it. So Jesus, he's already experienced most of the temptations that all of us have experienced. sexual desires, lying, gossip, money, problems, hatred, resentment, pride. By the time that he was 30 years old, he had experienced all of those. But God is requiring more of Christ here. He's sending him out into the wilderness to be tempted. And here the first Corinthians says, "No temptation has overtaken you except that is common to man." So when you are tempted, don't think that you're weird. If you have strange thoughts, those thoughts that you might be feeling that you think, "Well, I'm the only one." The Bible says right here, "No, those thoughts that you're experiencing are common." And another thing, he will not lay a temptation on you that you are not able to overcome. So, anyone that tells me, "I just couldn't overcome it." That's not true. The Bible says something different. You could have overcame it. You gave in. You did it yourself. &gt;&gt; You made the conscious choice to sin. 1 Corinthians 10 says it right here. You did it yourself. You could have overcome it. So then Jesus goes out into the wilderness to battle with Satan himself. Now when we get into I just have a 15 minutes left. When we get into this, you'll notice that as Jesus is talking with Satan, you wonder what the situation is. Was he talking to a man? Was there a man there talking with him that looked like Satan? Whatever Satan looks like. I I don't think that he probably had horns and a fork tail. That wouldn't deceive anybody. But was he a was he maybe a nicel looking man? Maybe was he a minister? Maybe. Or was much of this just happening inside of Jesus's head? I'll tell you, you can probably attest that most of the deception that we go through is right here. It's not necessarily someone telling you something that's wrong. It's you entertaining thoughts that are in your mind. allowing them to stay and then acting out on those thoughts that you have. There is the greatest battle ever fought as we've we know is right in our minds. And here is Jesus. Much of this temptation is going on in his mind. He's tired. Bible says he's hungry. 40 days since he's eaten. And when the tempter came to him, verse number three, Matthew chapter 4, verse number three, and when the tempter came to him, he said, "If thou be the son of God, command that these stones be made to bread, be made bread." I believe this is in Jesus's mind here. I believe it was Satan, very much Satan. But if it would have been a man there, I don't know if it is as deceiving as Satan getting into our minds. It could. We don't know what it was. No one knows. And I don't claim to know. But the devil in a physical body is not nearly as powerful as the devil in this form. We can't help the thoughts that come into our minds, friends. We can't help those. But we can keep them from staying there. You have control over what you think about. You can't have you can't control it when it pops in, but you can sure pop it out. And I told him, "We'll make up a whole story in our minds." When she says this, I'm gonna say that. I know he's gonna come to work and he's going to say this. And and when he tells me that I have to go clean that organ, I'm going to I'm going to let him have it. I'm going to say, "Well, the other guys are supposed to do that." And you go through this whole thing in your your mind. And guess what? It never happens. &gt;&gt; And how come you always win those arguments in your mind? It's because the the enemy, he's getting in there and he's taking your joy away and he's causing all this anxiety and he's trying to ruin your life. You can never count on the devil. Never. And here is Jesus and he says, "If you be the son of God," let's read it again. And when the tempter came to him, he said, "If thou be the son of God, command that these stones be made to bread." The only thing I can do here is I can apply this to my own life. And the deception that comes into my own life has been the result most of the time of the thoughts that have entered my mind and then me entertaining those thoughts. But we do know that Jesus in this situation is there alone just him, Satan, and his thoughts. And he says, "If you're the son of God," so the devil doesn't really believe he's the son of God. He says, "If you're the son of God," we might in our minds, us, we might say, "If I be a son of God, or if I be a daughter of God, then maybe I wouldn't do these things. So, how can I be a son of go a son of God? How can I be a daughter of God because I've done these things?" And here and then Satan starts to starts to go around and he's starting to test Jesus and he's like, "Oh, if you're the son of God, prove it." And then Jesus answers him and he says, "It is written that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." So he's quoting the book of Deuteronomy here from Deuteronomy chapter 8. And he's basically saying, "Satan, I don't need to bow to you. I may not have as much as I want, but I live by faith in the word of God." And then later on in the next chapter, he's going to go or in two chapters, he's going to go and talk about on the sermon on the mountain, and he's going to say that you don't need to worry about these worldly things. You don't have to worry that God is going to provide for you because he loves you. And here is Jesus. Satan is there and he's saying if you're the son of God or we could say if I am a son of God or a daughter of God then make these stones into bread. And Jesus is is like listen my God will provide. I don't have to bow to you. And he's hungry. He's starving to death. I mean think about us. If he'd asked me and I knew I had the power, I might be like, "Well, bread and a steak." But no, Jesus says, "No. I'm not bowing to you, Satan. My God's going to provide." And he lived what he was talking about. And there is Jesus. He's as poor as he can be in the desert. He hasn't eaten for 40 days. No way to get food. No way to buy food at the market. dying of starvation, no one to help him. And yet, he quotes the Bible, and he doesn't complain. He knew he was going to eat again. He knew God was going to provide. He trusted God. Then the devil taketh him up to the holy city, and setth them on the pinnacle of the temple, and saith unto him, "If thou be the son of God, cast thyself down. For it is written, he shall give angels charge concerning thee, and their and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone. The devil's quoting the Bible and he's misinterpreting the scriptures. He's quoting Psalm 91 verbatim, but he's misplacing those scriptures. And we need to be careful, friends. We need to be careful misquoting scriptures, misplacing scriptures to back up what we think. It's exactly what Satan did. The same devil that was there with Jesus on that day is the same devil that's trying to get people to make bad decisions today with the justification that God is going to come to your rescue. There was no need for Jesus to jump off the temple. There was no need for any of that except for what? Why would he have jumped off the temple and the angels grabbed him? It would have been to glorify himself. It would have been to show some big thing that I am the son of God. So, I am going to do this and I'm going to show everyone what a Christian I am. I'm going to show everyone what a leader I am. I'm going to show everyone what a minister I am. I'm going to show everyone how much faith I have. How many fall into that trap? But just that humble way. I was I watched this u this video somebody sent me on on YouTube where there was this bodybuilder and he was working out and he had a he had his camera set up there and he's videoing himself. They love themselves, man. You know, they're they got video camera. and they got their phone around and I don't know what he's going to do with it. But he's he's sitting there and he's he's doing this and this little dude comes up and sits between him and the camera on this bench and he starts doing this thing and here's the big bodybuilder and he has his dumbbells and he says something, throws his dumbbells down and he knocks the guy's hat off and he he starts telling him he's like, "Can't you see the camera over there?" And the guy was a master judo guy, the little dude. And all of a sudden, this guy's legs are wrapped around this bodybuilder's neck up in the air and they cut fall to the ground and he's got the guy in an armbar. The judo guy was humble. But it came time that he had to use it. Here Jesus doesn't have to use it. He is he is just saying, "Satan, you can't tempt me." And Jesus said unto him, it is written that thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. And again the devil taketh them up to an exceeding high mountain, and showing him and shows him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them, and saith unto him, all these things will I give thee if thou will fall down and worship me. Let that cook for a minute. This happens in our minds every day. None of us are going to outwardly worship Satan. Nobody in this room is. But we follow Satan's commandments. The guy maybe didn't charge you for something at the store that's in your cart and you just let it go because you got something for free and you just pushed the card out knowing that he didn't charge you. you give in to Satan. A business owner charges maybe an old lady a little bit more because she's an easy target. Dishonest people, friends, almost never have money. Satan never comes through for you. He will never He might give you the opportunity to sin, to say take something that's not yours, but you will never prosper for it. He hates you. You might get something for free. You might be one of those people that sues everybody or that the the am with the ambulance chasing lawyers, but you'll notice those people never prosper. They never have anything. Dishonest people almost never have money and Satan never comes through for them. And here Jesus is and he's saying, "Listen, I will give you whatever." He's telling Jesus, "I will give you whatever you want. I'll give you more money. I'll give you this. I'll give you that. if you will just bow down to me. And how do we bow down to Satan? As I said, nobody in their right mind is going to worship Satan, but you bow down and do what he says. You follow his commandments rather than the commandments of God. This happens all the time. And here Jesus says, then Jesus saith unto him, get thee hence, Satan, for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord God, and and him only shalt thou serve. Jesus is again quoting Deuteronomy chapter 6. Then verse number verse number 11. Then the devil leaveth leaveth him and behold the angels came and ministered to him. The NIV in the English Standard Version say in Luke chapter 4 say this. When the devil had finished all of this tempting, he left him until an opportune time. So, you may overcome Satan as Jesus did here, but Satan doesn't go too far. He's looking for another time to get you. He's looking for another weakness he can exploit in you. And here he is with Jesus. And Jesus had conquered him. Jesus had won. He He didn't He didn't create the bread. He didn't jump off the temple. He didn't. And he also didn't give in and worship and give in to Satan with with the world, but then Satan just backs off for a little while. Don't think when you overcome it, when you win a battle, that he's not there to fight you again. And he was with Jesus. You think he wasn't there when Jesus was on the cross? You think he wasn't there fighting Jesus and all of these crazy things that went on during his ministry? He was there. He's just looking for an opportune time. So to recap this, when Jesus was in the wilderness, he was fighting Satan. Satan brought him up to the top of the temple and he says, "Cast yourself down." Maybe Satan wanted him to commit suicide. Maybe Satan wanted him to exalt himself. He brings him up to the top of the mountain and he says, "Look at all this. I'll give you all of this if you'll just worship me." And it's easy just to worship Satan by doing what he says by following his commandments rather than God's commandments. And here Jesus overcomes this and he wins this battle. And as I said, Jesus is the one that did it. And when we get to the sermon on the mount in the next couple weeks, he he didn't just preach it. He had already lived it. That was the beginning of his ministry. Now, as we move into the baptismal service, I want to I want to tell you what Jesus said at the end of his ministry, and the worship team can come. So, we have at the beginning of his ministry, we see he was baptized, and he fought with Satan, and then he's going to go and he's going to start preaching. Now Jesus goes through his three and a half years of ministry. He gets crucified. He dies. He's in the tomb and he's resurrected and he comes in and he gives this commandment to the people. After he's resurrected, this is the thing that he says. Matthew 28 verse number 19. Now listen to this Johnny. This is Jesus talking. This is the glorifi. This is the resurrected Jesus Christ. This is the one that came out of the tomb. He says this, "And Jesus came and spoke to them, saying, all authority has been given to me in heaven and in earth. Go therefore and make disciples of all nations." What does that mean? Go therefore and make disciples of all nations. He's not saying go therefore and try to get members of your church. He's not saying go therefore and try to get members of your denomination. He is saying go therefore and make disciples. Disciples to who? To Christ. That's what we stand for. His disciples to Jesus Christ. This man that actually did it. Now, how do we know? You throw out the net. You live the life. You preach the gospel. You do everything that you can. And then you say now here it is. You become a disciple like I have become a disciple. And then what happens? It goes from witnessing to that person to preaching to that person to giving that person the word of God. And now that person has something to do. Baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit. Now that person takes wants to take on that name of Jesus Christ. That person wants now to be associated with God. And that's what baptism is. It is going out in front of the people and saying my life has changed. Now I want to be a Christian. I want to be a disciple of Jesus Christ. I want to be that man. I want my name associated with him. And when the disciples when they baptized, they baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. What does that mean? Making disciples. The greatest thing I believe the first time they were ever called this was was at this place called Antioch. They were called a Christian. Christ. Followers of Christ. Christian. I want to take on that name in baptism. Teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you. Jesus speaking that I have commanded you. And then he says this. Listen to this Johnny. This is the best thing in the world right here that I'm about to read. He says, "Teaching them." Let's put up Matthew 28:19 if you could. 2020. Yes. 28:20. Thank you. Teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you. Now listen to this. And lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age. Only a resurrected son of God could say that. &gt;&gt; Only God in flesh could say that. That lo I am with you always. And that is a promise to anyone who wants to be baptized in this name of Jesus Christ, who wants to take on this name, who wants to be part of Jesus. He made a promise. Lo, I am with you always. In Acts chapter 2, the disciples were where where Peter was preaching. He says, "Repent every one of you. Go back from your sins. Change." As I was saying at the beginning, you can repent. You can change. And then let it go. Let your sins go. They're done. They're finished. They're over. God's not going to make you answer for those sins twice. You have changed. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Put up Acts 2:38 if you could. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the taking away, for the remission of your sins. If you take on this name of Jesus, your sins are forgiven and they are gone. The devil will bring them back. He'll keep throwing them at you. That's that's what he does. Leave him there. But you accept Jesus Christ and you are baptized for the remission of your sins, for the taking away of your sins. And then remember the promise that Jesus said, I said, "I will be with you always." Watch how Peter says it. Acts, go back to 238. Watch how Peter says it. And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Jesus said, "Lo, I am with you always." Peter says, "You'll receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." There it is. Jesus Christ, a promise dwelling within that person. How important is baptism? How important is taking on that name of the Lord? It's vital. It's vital. Amen. Brother Johnny, you still want to be baptized? Praise God. Go back and see see the deacons back there. and anyone else. You're welcome. Yes, my brother. &gt;&gt; Justin. Um, so here's one of the things with Johnny Justin. He gave me the wrong name at first and then he told me, "Pastor, I just want you to know my name is really Justin." Justin's a good name. Justice. It's a soul that's coming to the Lord. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Anyone else want to be baptized? It's a good time to do it. Take on that name of the Lord. Jesus commanded to be baptized in that name. And then he says, "I'll be with you always." And he will. Then Peter said, "Who's going to be with us always? You'll receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." And then I didn't read the next one that they put up, Acts 2:39, that says, "And this promise is to you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Amen. God bless you, Daniel. All throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms make way for spring. [Music] and every season from where I'm standing. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. [Music] All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment [Music] all over my life. [Music] All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. The fear may come, but fear will leave. You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. all over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillments all over my life. All over my life. [Music] See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. See the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is in this. All my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. I see the cross, the empty grave, the evidences. All my sins rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, [Music] and I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. And I see promises in fulfillment [Music] all over my life. All over my life. [Music] And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see promises in fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. [Music] [Music] And what can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] for my pardon. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus for my cleansing. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. Oh, no other found I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can forone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. God bless you everyone. Brother Justin wanted to read this scripture before he's baptized. Um, hi, I'm Justin Galino. Yesterday, I prayed to God that I would hear about Jesus's temptation and &gt;&gt; wow. &gt;&gt; Forgive me if I uh if I cry. Um this is a ro Romans 14:8. For if we live for the Lord for if we live, we live to for the Lord. And if we die, we die for the Lord. So then whether we live or die, we belong to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. What a scripture. And let me tell you, there's been a change in this young man, &gt;&gt; an incredible change. And the Lord, he is a mighty God. And one thing about God, we know that he's mighty. We know he's up there, but he's also very, very kind, very loving, and very caring. And he's been had his hand on Justin for a while. I remember witnessing to him out here. And there was something about him. This young man wanted to hear more about the word. And I don't know what's happened. Well, I do want I know what's happened. Something's happened. And it's been good. And to see now that I'm baptizing him in the name of the Lord is just it's amazing. And then that testimony that he was praying that the Lord would would allow him to hear something about the temptation of Jesus. Of course, he had God had a plan, but we didn't have a plan. put the old and come back up there. By your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] two, another young lady, her mother has been a real blessing to us. And I know that many of you know Zyra. And this is her precious little girl. And Zyra comes to our She's back here. Zyra comes to our Bible studies and she attends church here. And your mama, sweetheart, has the sweetest spirit. And I can tell that you take after your mom. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Naomi. &gt;&gt; Say it louder. &gt;&gt; Naomi. &gt;&gt; Her name is Naomi. And when I said, "Does anyone else want to be baptized?" This little girl jumped up and started waving her hand. [Applause] Naomi confession by your own confession I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus [Applause] Let's all stand friends. Let's bow our heads. Our great and mighty God. Lord, to think of the temptations that Jesus Christ went through, Father, how he was led out into the wilderness to go through this this horrible time. But, Father, you had something in store. And then Lord, the ministry that followed after that temptation and we are a witness today of the ministry that Jesus gave to the world. And Lord, I stand in this water that represents the grave. Lord, to think that Lord, you went to the grave for us. That Christ suffered on the cross for us. That Barabbus, the murderer, and the thief was released because of the love of Jesus Christ. Lord, to think that you did this for us. Now Lord, as these two souls that came for baptism, I also want to dedicate my life to say that Lord, thank you for what you've done. Thank you for the temptation that you went through. Thank you for all that, Father, that you endured for me, for my sins. Lord, I will never forget the sins that that put you on the cross. And I will always remember them as a thanksgiving offering to you that Lord I was once dead but now I am alive because of Jesus Christ. We thank you Lord. We love you and Father we give you our lives aresh in that name above all names of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. God bless you brothers and sisters. Let's sing a song of worship and then Daniel if you could dismiss and remind her that there's no service this evening. God bless you all. My words fall short. Got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But every summer ends and you never do. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king [Music] except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up there and praise the Lord. Oh, and come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. get up there and praise the Lord. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king [Music] except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. [Music] Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else here for a king [Music] except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Amen. [Music] Oh blessed asssurance [Music] Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire. Time after time, I'm born of his spirit. I'm washed in his blood. [Music] And what he did for me on Calary is more than enough. Oh, I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. Oh, I trust in God. My savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Oh, perfect submission. All is at rest. [Music] And I know the author of tomorrow is order my steps. So this is my story. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this is my song. I'm praising my rising king and savior all the day long. So I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Oh, I trust in God, my savior. You're the one who will never fail. He will never fail. He will never fail. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I apologize.
