################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-03 - King Saul Pt1 - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-03
Title:   King Saul Pt1
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsxoPToax2Y
========================================

Try to [Music] satisfy that longing in your soul. You may search this whole world or you'll be just as before. You'll never find true satisfaction. Not until you found the Lord. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. If you could have the fame and fortune and all the wealth you could obtain yet if you have not Christ within your living here would be in vain. There'll come a time when death shall call you. Your riches cannot help you then. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. [Music] And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. For he'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. Oh, he'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy in heaven too for only Jesus. Satisfy your soul. [Music] Start with the chorus. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Oh soul are you weery and [Music] trle no light in the darkness you see there's light for a look at the savior Savior and life more abundant and free. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. through death into life everlasting. He passed and we follow him [Music] there over us in no more hell dominion. for more than conquerors we [Music] are. Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and [Music] grace. His word shall not fill you. He promised. believe him and all will be well. Then go to a world that is done is perfect salvation to tell. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth, they will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Let's stand. We have a few prayer requests. Brother Jordan, could you take these prayer requests to the Lord for us? Um, we have, uh, Sister Amelia went to ER with stomach pain, so let's keep her in prayer for that. Um, and brother Dan mentioned there's a major storm about to hit Jeffersonville and they could get up to 12 ines in the next couple of days. So, and he said he's they've got a lot of family there. And, uh, we've also got some friends in Arkansas that they're cancelling service tonight. So, I don't know if it's the same storm, but let's keep all those people in prayer that are in the path of that storm. And then, um, Brother David Manasi, God bless you, saints. I'm requesting prayer requests for journey traveling mercies to Gree, Athens, Greece at the end of next month. My institution is sending us for an overseas assignment. Thank you, brother David. [Music] Let's pray this evening. Heavenly Father, we come to you and thank you for all that you've done for us, Lord. Your many blessings in our lives, Lord. You've brought us to service here tonight, Lord, with a desire to serve you and to worship you, Lord, and to just draw closer to you, Lord. And so we humbly ask if you would honor our desire, Lord, and just draw closer to us, Lord. Lord, forgive us of our sins and our iniquities, Lord. The things where we've fallen short, Lord, and our weaknesses, Lord, just strengthen us, Lord. Lord, where the feeble hands hang low, Lord, would you just raise them up, Lord? Where the ones that are sick and hurting, Lord, will you just heal them, Lord? Lord, there's many needs that have been mentioned over the last few weeks, Lord, that we know of, Lord, that are still there, Lord, and the ones mentioned tonight. Be with Brother David and traveling mercies, Lord, as he goes, Lord. And may he be a witness and a light, Lord, wherever he goes, Lord. Lord, be with those that are dealing with the storm and Lord, the weather and whatever situations are around, Lord. Just protect each one, Lord. May your perfect will be done in each life. Lord, be with sister Tony, Lord. Continue to touch her, Lord. And continue to give healing to brother Kevin as he recovers, Lord. And all the different needs, Lord, that have been spoken and the unspoken needs, Lord. Each one, Lord, we ask for. We now ask that you would be in this service, Lord. Let us be good hearers, Lord, and to keep our thoughts out of the way, Lord. And may you just speak through brother Daniel what you would have for us to know and to hear. Lord, bless each one. Bless the musicians, the song leader, the ones that have come. Lord, Lord, bless brother Daniel, Lord, as he prepares. Be with us all. We ask these things in your mighty lovely name, our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's sing that again. Sister Hope has a song special. We're gonna sing that chorus one more time. Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look for in his wonderful [Music] face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Sing it with me if you will. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory he sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who will trust and oy. [Music] Christ and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and not a shadow can rise not a cloud in the sky eyes, but his smile quickly drives it away. Not a doubt or a fear, not a sign nor a tear can abide while we trust and [Music] oy trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus, but to trust and [Music] oy. Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share, but our toil he does quickly repay. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown nor a cross, but is blessed if we trust and oy. Christ and Oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy but we never can prove the delights of his love Till all on the altar we lay. For the favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them who will trust and oy. Christ and Oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy and fellowship sweet we shall sit at his feet or we'll Walk by his side in the way. What he says we will do. Where he sends we will go. Never fear. Only trust and oy. Trust and oy. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust [Music] and Amen. Thank you, Sister Hope. Seems every time I forget to have you guys be seated. So, if I keep you standing, um, just feel free to sit down. Let's sing the lily of the [Music] valley. Oh, I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. the lily of the valley. In him alone I see all I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow he's my comfort in trouble. He's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. He's our lily on the valley. the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He all my grief has taken and all my sorrows born. In temptation he's my strong and mighty tower. I have all for him [Music] forsaken from my heart and now he keeps me by his power. Though all the world forsake me and Satan tempt me so through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal. Oh, he's a lily on the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith and do his blessing will. I have a wall of fire about me. have nothing now to fear. With his men I he my hungry soul shall fear. Well then sweeping up to glory will see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. He's a lily on the bounty bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. [Music] One more and then we'll have brother Dan come on Jordan stormy pains li and cast a wishful life toward Canadan's fair and happy land where my pose possession life. Oh, I am bound for the prois land. I am bound for the prois land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. For all those wide extended plains shines one eternal day. There God the sun forever rains and scatters night away. Oh, I am bound for the prois land. I am bound for the prois land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the prois land. No chilling winds nor poisonous breath can reach that healthful shore. Sickness and sorrow, pain and death are feared and felt no more. Oh, I am bound for the prois land. I am bound for the prois land. Oh, whom will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my father's face and in his bosom rest. Oh, I am bound for the prois land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, whom will come and go with me. I am bound for the promised land. Let's all stand for [Music] prayer. He didn't have you sit down, then he didn't have you stand [Laughter] up. Thank God. You know, God is so good. He He is just I love it when we can smile as a as just a big family and thank God for each other and thank God for his goodness. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we do we thank you for your goodness. We thank you for your love. Father, we pray that tonight as I open up this word, Lord, that it would speak to our hearts. And Father, we would see ourselves in this Bible. And Lord, that we would take something from tonight that will never leave us, always stay with us and help us to be better people, better servants to Christ. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. I just um I just got a text from Ava um Sister Amelia's daughter and she says she's going in for a CAT scan right now. Uh we all love Amelia. She's she's a blessing to all of us being here and uh just keep her in your thoughts. We prayed, we brought her before the Lord, but keep her in your thoughts and if the Lord lay it on your heart, ask the Lord to take care of her. And then um brother Michael mentioned that this is a pretty serious storm that's hitting the Midwest right now. Tornadoes and um they're expecting some pretty rough weather. Sister Hope mentioned it to me earlier and my brother I talked to my brother Adam on the phone a couple hours ago and yeah, this is these are big storms. 12 inches. We don't get that in three years here and they're expecting it in a day. So yeah, there could have some flooding. Uh, just just remember our friends and family that are in the Midwest in Indiana, Arkansas, in that area. Zeke and Zach, two guys that look alike there. They're related. It's Zach is Zeke's brother. Zach's been Zeke's been so journeying with us for the past few months. We're so thankful for him. He's he's a good kid. loves the Lord and uh we're gonna miss you, brother, and uh want you to come back soon. God God bless you. Give Give him a hand. Brother Daniel, Sister Ruby, bless you. Welcome. I think I see any more visitors um tonight. So, brother Lyall has been ministering on the life of King David. There's a character that's one of the main points and one of the main factors in in David's kingdom. And that is this King Saul. And I thought it would be good for us to learn a lot a little bit about this man Saul. And I think that would complement brother Lyall and his uh lessons on David. I I think it would be really good for us to know who this man is and where he came from and come of some of the highlights in his life. He um he's a perfect example of how a power corrupts. You take a very good man, a very good woman and give power and it can ruin somebody. to lay a foundation. Um, let's just give a little history of the world here. So, Adam and Eve, about 2,000 years since Adam and Eve sinned and were kicked out of the Garden of Eden, came this man named Abraham. And God promised Abraham that he would be that he would give him many, many, many offspring. And he said that he was going to give him this promised land beyond the Jordan River. And Abraham had a son named Isaac. Isaac had a son named Jacob. And Jacob had 12 sons. And of those 12 sons, those are the children. Jacob's name was changed to Israel. And so when we hear the children of Israel, we're talking about the children of Jacob. And Jacob had a son named Joseph. Joseph as brother Lyall talked the past few months on this life of Joseph. Joseph was exiled into Egypt and eventually Joseph brought his family, his 11 brothers and his father Jacob into Egypt where they stayed there for about 400 years. And there rose up a pharaoh that didn't know Joseph. And he started being really hard on these what are called Hebrews. And God sent a deliverer named Moses to bring them out of this land Egypt, land of Egypt and towards this promised land that God had promised their fathers Abraham. So Moses gets them right up to the point. They're in the wilderness for 40 years. Moses gets them right to the crossing over and then Moses dies and this man named Joshua, Moses's general, he brings them over into this land that was promised to them. They fought the inhabitants of the land. We call him Canaanites. And Mo or Joshua, of course, he eventually dies. And it leads into the time of the judges. If you remember our Bible studies way back last year where we went through each book of the Bible. And this is the time of the judges. The judges basically they were these great men that God would raise up. The children of Israel would sin. They would get into trouble. God would raise up a leader called a judge and deliver them. the people would repent. And this cycle keeps repeating over and over until we get to the last judge who was this man named Samuel, a prophet of God. Very, very powerful man. Samuel was, as I said, he not only was he a judge, but he was a real man of God. and he led Israel for for many years. And and Samuel starts to get old. And Samuel's sons, which would have should have taken his place, were sinners. They weren't good men. And the people were watching this. Samuel had led the people of Israel into battle and won. One specific battle was the Philistines who are the nemesis of Israel for for a long time. The Philistines attacked Israel. Israel was not on a united front. The Philistines just roll through and conquer Israel. So, Israel gathers themselves together. They say, "We just got beat by these Philistines. Let's go down and get the ark of the covenant." Because when that ark goes forward, goes in front of us, we never lose. remember Joshua. So they went down and they got this ark and they went forth into battle and they lost again and the Philistines ends up end up taking the ark. It was a bad deal for the Philistines because the ark was just turned out to be a curse to them. And they end up giving this ark back to Israel. And then there is another battle and Samuel leads the Israelites into battle and wins. But Samuel's getting old and he doesn't have a successor. And remember the cycle of life which is sin, fail, deliverer, repent. Well, the people in Samuel's time, they really didn't want to live that godly life that they should have lived. And they look at Samuel, they say, 'Well, this man's our champion. And if he dies, we see his sons who are are just creeps. So, we can't count on them. They're dishonest. So, what are we going to do? And they see the world. And they see how these Philistines had attacked them and how organized they were. And they had these armies. And the the king of the Philistines would gather the armies together and they would all work in unity. and attack Israel and they'd win every time because Israel couldn't defend themselves because they were not united. So the people of Israel, they tell Samuel, "Hey, we want a king. We want someone who can lead us into battle because they see all of the world there." And that's how everybody else did it. So they say, "Why can't we do it?" But they ignored the fact that God always fought their battles for them. if they were living their lives sincerely to God. They didn't really want to do that. They wanted someone to lead them in the battle. They wanted someone to be their king. So eventually this man Saul is chosen and he came from an affluent family. he um would make would just make a perfect king. And if you look at the nature between this man Saul and who brother Lyall is talking about this man David, you see a very very different nature between the two. Saul was as I said was born into an affluent family. His dad was well respected. He was the bestlooking guy of his family. And not only that, but he was the best looking guy in the entire country. He was taller and built better than anyone else. And he was articulate. He had everything going for him. This man named Saul. But to be really to be a true success, you have to go through trials. You have to suffer. You have to work hard. You have to know what it is to to have money and food on the table. And then you also know you have to know how it is not to have food on the table. And you have to know how it is really to struggle. And we look at successes in people that that we see as success. Most of these people had to go through hard times. And this man Saul really didn't have to go through any hard times. So he was about a he was at a bit of a disadvantage in becoming king when you compare him to this man David who suffered greatly before he ever became king. And I look at some of these today some of like the the YouTube stars and the the Tik Tok stars and and it used to be when we were younger, brother Michael, it was the movie stars and the athletes and all that. now this this thing called YouTube and all that and and they're the the rich and and famous and people this generation as our generation was too they don't want to work to be successful. They want it to be handed to them. And it always ends it almost always ends in a bad way. First of all, someone that wants to succeed in life and wants to be a successful, wants to be rich, wants to be all of these things and is not willing to make to build a foundation and and to go through the hard work, that person is is not they're not going to be rich in the in the first place. But if they are, then they automatically will fail. I was reading in the um USA Today article, an article this morning about um people who won the lottery. Most people who win the lottery end up in debt. Sounds strange. Oh, not me. I wouldn't. Well, most do. Maybe you wouldn't, but you probably would because most people do. You think, well, if I had won a hund00 million, I would put away this and put in my Roth IRA here and this. Most people end up losing it all. And many have said that they wish that they had never won that mcurse to them. If Saul, we know the story now because we have our Bible, but if Saul would speak after, if he would come here today and speak to this church, he would probably say, "I wish I would have never become king. I lost my dignity. I lost my self-respect. I lost my family. They were killed in battle. I lost my character. I turned into a raving narcissist. I lost my religion. I did those things which were forbidden to do. I offered a sacrifice when only the priests were to sacrifice. I murdered. I even consulted a witch, a demonpossessed woman, because God had forsaken me. I was miserable my whole life. This is the greatest man in the whole world at the time. I was miserable my my whole life. I was full of hate. I was paranoid. I thought everyone was out to get me. I didn't trust anyone. Anytime someone would challenge me, I would destroy them. My own son, who was heir to my throne, preferred his friend over me to be king. So if Saul could say that, if Saul could speak today, that's probably what he would say. He'd probably say, "And most of all, God turned his back on my reign." That's Saul. He reigned for 40 years. But God chose another king only after a couple years. Only after a couple years into his reign. He look he's right now. We look at him as a a mentally ill tyrant who is obsessed with killing his most loyal servant. His son's best friend, a man after God's own heart. This young man who was anointed king. As I said, only after a couple years of Saul's reign, this young man named David, who brother Lyall was talking about, he hated him. He is a perfect example of how power can corrupt a very, very good man. I want to pause for a minute as I was studying this over the past couple days. Brother Aaron and I were talking about um in the back here we were talking about some ministers who thank goodness that they didn't get the power but some did get power and they turn into very corrupt very immoral people. We see them on the news and you know the news is always quick to point out how bad these preachers of the so-called gospel are. And you see and it's because they rose to power. They they got a lot of popularity. They got arrogant and then they got filled with pride and pride was their downfall. I want to tell you just quickly. I know it's maybe off the subject of of Saul, but there's somebody that all of us know of that gets a whole lot of criticism, and that's brother William Brana. He was an intelligent, gifted man. He had he was gifted with spiritual discernment. And if if you have listened to the tapes, if you have listened to the ends of those sermons and those prayer lines, you see that cannot be faked. I heard one guy say, he says, "Oh, well, he used to read the phone book before he'd go to a city and have a meeting. You think we're idiots? Seriously, you think we're crazy?" And and just they would put him down and put him down. But this man, William Brandham, he came from the lowest of the low. He came from a sinner family and and very very a difficult f a difficult life. I interviewed a lady and and a man, a brother and sister. Their last name was Weber. If you listen to the tapes, Brother Jeremy, you're a tape listener. The lady when brother Brandham tried to take up the offering and she opened up her little coin purse, that was sister Weber. That was this their grandmother. And they both knew brother Brandham and they both grew up in the depression. And the lady, she wasn't a fan of uh the uh the message as we call it. And she told me, she said, "Those Brandhams," she says, "we were all poor." Because we grew up in in the depression. She said, "But those Brandoms, they were the poorest of the poor. They didn't have anything." He, she said, they didn't have shoes. They would come to school. She was in the same grade, I think, as as Brother Brandham's um may have been her one of his brothers or his sister, but she said none of the Brandhams ever had shoes. They didn't have clothes. We know the story from from his life story. He didn't have a shirt and he had to wear a jacket in in uh in the um in the school room. He was he came through it. He suffered and that suffering built his character and he surrounded himself not like this man Saul who when he came to power it ruined him. The greater this man William Brandom got the more humble he became. the sweeter he became. His friends with people like my grandfather, his closest friends, Bankswood and Welch Evans, they were nobodyies. My grandfather was a was he owned a mechanic shop. Bankswood was just a a carpenter. Neither of them were educated. Neither of them were really anything in society. Neither of them had money. Yet, this is who he wanted to spend his time with. You know, they I'm sure they paid ti, but it wasn't much. Yet, this is who Brother Brandham surrounded himself with. They were out to eat one time, my my grandpa, Brother Woods, and Brother Brandham, and they sat down at the table. And they ordered off the menu. And Brother Woods, he uh he looked over at another table and he said, "What's what's that guy over there having?" Um what is that? And they said, "Well, that's the whatever." And he says, "I'll have that." And then Brother Woods got up and went to the restroom. And Brother Ram tells my grandpa, he says, "Do you see how Brother Woods ordered?" He said, "He can't read. This is his best friend." And you see how this the greater really that brother Brandham got, the more you saw this good character come out. And in contrast, the worse this man Saul became. I was I used to do an article. I wrote an article for um our magazine when I was in Jeffersonville and I used to ride my bike around Jeffersonville and talk to old people sitting on on their porches and it was a lot of them. They that's what they do back there. And I would walk up and say, "I'm doing a research project on this man named William Brandom." And and they would uh most of them, it's funny that a lot of them, I'd say most of the ones that I talked to were born there and raised raised there. And almost all of them knew Brother Brandon personally. Never once, not one time. And there was between 50 and a hundred of them. might say, "Did I ever hear a negative word?" It was all positive. Not one. Now, pretty much all of them had plenty negative words to say about message believers. I mean it. There was a lot of negative about that, but never about that man. And you see that character, it just it it came out. And it's hard it's hard not to love him. It was hard hard to criticize him. They all everyone that talked to him thought he was their best friend. Oh yeah, he used to come by. He dropped off dropped off uh this meat or that meat and he'd go hunting and and you know they had different ted the barber told me a testimony one time he had brother came back like five squirrels and he said every one of those was shot right through the eye and he told me the story about the squirrels and and how good of a shot he was. They thought he was great. But then you see power in someone else if they don't have the character will destroy them. And that's what happened with this man named Saul. They end up hating anyone who disagrees with them. We see it in the pulpit many times. They attack people in their own congregations, the ones they're supposed to serve. And you see that spirit start to form in Saul. You'll see it as we start to get through our lesson. And and I I don't know how far I'll get today, but we'll continue it on. You'll see that that spirit of arrogance and pride start to raise up in this man, Saul, and the hatred. But he started very very good. So as I said earlier in my my short history, the Israelites had lost a battle with the Philistines and Samuel, they'd lost a couple battles and then Samuel leads them to victory. And they remembered how organized these Philistines were. And the Israelites, they were 12 separate tribes and they didn't even work together really. Sometimes they fought amongst themselves. They were not a united front. If they were united, they could form be a formidable um force. But they weren't. But what they what they didn't do, they didn't remember that every time they needed something, God would part the Red Sea for them. God would bring down the walls of Jericho for them. But they didn't remember that. What they wanted was they wanted to they wanted security and safety without trusting in God. And that's the foundation of how this man Saul came to be. Now Samuel was old. His boys were not moral. So the people asked a very good question, one that we would probably ask. They said, "What are we going to do when the prophet dies?" 1st Samuel chapter 8. Let's start with verse number five. And they said unto him, "Behold, thou are old, thy sons. Walk not in thy ways. Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations." But the thing displeased Samuel when they said, "Give us a king to judge us." And Samuel prayed unto the Lord. And Samuel said, and the Lord said unto Samuel, hearken unto the voice of the people, and all that they say unto thee, for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them, according to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt, even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and have served other gods, so do they also. also unto thee. The way was for the Israelites, the right way was for the Israelites to stop sinning, to seek God, and then trust in God. Now therefore, hearken unto their voice. How be it, yet protest solemnly unto them, and show them the manner of the king that shall reign over them. So God's telling them to re God's telling Samuel to resist them, but go ahead with what they say and prophesy of what's coming. And Samuel told all the words of the Lord unto the people that asked of him a king. And he said, "This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you. He will take your sons and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and for his horsemen. And some shall run before his chariots. And he will appoint him captain over thousands, and captain over 50s, and will set them to ear set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots. And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers. And he will take your fields and your vineyards and your and your olive yards even to the best of them and give them to his servants. And he will take the tenth of your seed and of your vineyards and give it to his officers and to his servants. And he will take your man's servants and your maidervants and your goodliest young men and your asses and put them to his work. And he will take a tenth of your sheep. And you shall be his servants. And you shall cry out in that day because of your king which you have chosen which ye shall have chosen you and the Lord will not hear you in that day. Nevertheless, the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel, and they say, "Nay," they said, "Nay, but we will have a king over us, that we may also that we also may be like all the nations, and that our king may judge us and go out before us and fight our battles." And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the Lord. And the Lord said to Samuel, "Hearken unto their voice, listen to them, and make them a king." And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, "Go ye every man unto a city." So go away. Now watch what God gives the people of Israel. They wanted a king that they could be proud of. They wanted a king that would be intimidating to their enemies. They wanted they they didn't want what they didn't want to do is they didn't want to trust God. They didn't want to stop their sinning, but they wanted someone to take the place of their personal walk with God. I'll say it again. They wanted a man to take the place of their personal walk with God. And then God gives them exactly what they desired. 1st Samuel chapter nine. And there was a man of Benjamin whose name was Kish, the son of Abel, the son of Zeror, the son of Beckarath, the son of Apha, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power. So we see that Kish was respected. He was probably rich. And it would make sense that the king would come from him. And he had a son whose name was Saul, a choice young man and goodly. Goodly means handsome in the King James version. And there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he. So he was the handsomest of all of them. From his shoulders and upward, he was higher than any of the people. So, he was tall, dark, and handsome, and like a foot taller than everybody else. So, what happened is this good-looking guy, this good-looking young man, Saul, who was born to this fairly wealthy family, um, affluent family, his dad's donkeys got away. So, dad Kish says, "Saul, go find my donkeys. Take a servant and go find the donkeys." So Saul takes a servant and they're looking around and they go here and they go there and they go all over the country and they they can't find these donkeys and the food's run out and and Saul's like, "Man," he tells his servant, he says, "We better go back because dad's going to be more worried about us than he is going to be about these donkeys." So the servant says, he says, "Hey Saul," he says, "Um, you see that city down there?" He said, ' There's a man of God down there, a seer. He said, "Let's go ask him where your dad's donkeys are." And and Saul says, "Well, I don't have any any more food. We don't I don't have any money with me. Um, you know, we'd have to give him an offering. what what what should we do? And the servant says, "No, no." He says, "I got I got some money." He said, "Let's just go down there and then we'll give him this as an offering and then you'll see he'll tell us where the where the donkeys are and let's uh we're in right now. We're in um 1st Samuel 9. Let me read kind of a a neat addition. Uh 1st Samuel 9:9. This this will um kind of solidify some things. Before time in Israel, when a man went to inquire of God, this is just interjected in the text. Before time in Israel, when a man went to inquire of God, thus he spake, come and let us go to the seer, for he that is now called a prophet was before time called a seer. I love that part because the author of 1 Samuel is saying, "Okay, they're going to be saying seers." He's they're very accurate in what they wrote down. They're going to be calling these these men seers, but now we call them prophets. So, basically, they're the same thing. Verse number 15, let's let's go there. Now the Lord had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying, "Tomorrow, about this time, I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people, and he shall save my people out of the hand of the Philistines, for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is, come unto me." And when Samuel saw Saul, the Lord said unto him, "Behold the man whom I spake to thee of, this same shall reign over my people." What a moment. Right there, the prophet Samuel realizes that this is going to be the first king of Israel. And Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate and said, "Tell me where is the seer's h where where the sear's tell me where the seer's house is." And Samuel answered Saul and said, "I am the seer. Go up before me unto the high place, for ye shall eat with me today, and tomorrow I will I will let thee go and will tell thee all that is in thine heart." So he's showing the gift of a prophet right here. Samuel's saying that I will tell you what's in your heart. That discernment gift will come out in Sam Samuel and you don't even need need to speak it. Saul, it's a mark of a prophet. And this is prophecy. If a man can tell the secrets of the heart and not be wrong, not just be right most of the time, many of us can do that, but not be wrong, be right every time, then that is the mark of a prophet. And this Samuel is a true prophet of God. And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, Samuel's like, "Wait a minute. I didn't tell you about the donkeys. But as for your donkeys that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them. Don't worry about them, for they are found." And on whom is all, now listen to this, and on whom is all the desire of Israel. Remember I was t saying before that Israel was saying we want a king. We want a king. And that was buzzing all over the country all over the 12 tribes. We want this and on whom is all the desire of Israel. Is it not on you and on thy father's house and on all thy father's house? And Saul answered and said, "Am I not a Benjamite, the smallest of the tribes of Israel, and my family, the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? Wherefore then speakest thou to me?" Look at the humility in Saul, a humble man, definitely not the man that he would become. And Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlor, and made them to sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about 30 persons. So about 30 important people were at this feast. And Samuel put Saul and his servant in the most important spots. So he set Saul like at the head of the table where the where the guy that's in charge sits. And Samuel said to the cook, "Bring the portion which I gave thee of which I said to thee, set it by thee." And the cook took up the shoulder and that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, "Behold, that which is left, set it before thee, and eat. For unto this time hath it be been kept for thee since I said, and I have invited the people." So Saul did eat with Samuel that day. And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel communed with Saul upon the top of the house, and they arose early. And it came to pass about the spring of the day that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, "Get up that I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out, both of them, he and Samuel, abroad." And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, "Bid the servant to pass on before us." And he passed on. But stand thou still a while that I might show thee the word of God. So here is Samuel the prophet talking with this young man Saul. Let the servant go ahead because I want to talk to you privately. Chapter 10 verse one. Then Samuel took a vial of oil and poued on poured it on his head and kissed him and said, "Is it not because the Lord hath anointed thee to be captain over his inheritance?" Now Samuel prophesies a few things that are going to happen right after Saul leaves him. So Saul knows that this is coming from God. And imagine if something like that just happened to you or me, it would be in our minds. would be like, "No, that can't be true. That can't be true." But if the prophet tells us this is going to happen and this is going to happen and then this is going to happen, it would give you faith to say that this man, what he said is really true. And that's what happened with Saul. He left Samuel and the things that Samuel prophesied to come to pass just on his road happened. This is what happens to Saul. When thou art departed from me today, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel supplicer in the border of Benjamin at Zalsa, and they will say unto thee, the asses which thou wentest to seek are found. And lo, thy father hath left the care of the asses and and sorrowed for you, saying, What shall I do for my son? So Saul was right. Dad was worrying about him more than he was worrying about the donkeys. Then shalt thou go forward from hence, and thou shalt come to the plain of Taber, and there shall meet thee three men going up to Beth going up to God to Bethl. Look at the precision in the prophet. Three men going up to God to Bethl. One carrying three kids, not like kids, goats. Not like little kid, you know, human beings, goats, and car and another carrying three loaves of bread and another carrying a bottle of wine. And they will salute thee and give thee two loaves of bread which thou shalt receive of their hands. After that thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistines, the Philistines were ruling. And it shall come to pass when thou art come to the to the city that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with sultry and tab and tabet and pipe and harp before them and they shall prophesy. So these are gifted men. These are religious men. These are ministers. and the spirit of the Lord will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with them, and shalt be turned into another man. And let it be when these signs are come to thee, that thou do as occasion that thou do as occasion serve thee, for God is with thee. For thou and thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal, and behold, I will come down unto thee to offer a burnt offering, and to sacrifice, sacrifices a peace offering. Seven days shalt thou tar till I come to thee, and show thee what thou shalt do." And it was so that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart. And those signs came to pass that day. So the prophecies came to pass. And listen to this. And when they came hither to the hill, behold, the company of prophets met him, and the spirit of God came upon him, and he prophesied among them. We've heard that David and Saul were numbered among the prophets. It's this story right here. And when they came to the hill, behold, a company of prophets met him, and the spirit of God came upon him, and he saw prophesied among them. And it came to pass when all that knew him before time saw saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets. Then the people said one to another, what is this that is come unto the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets? And one and one of the same place answered and said, but who is their father? Therefore, it came it became a proverb, Saul is among the prophets. Became a saying. People started saying this. And when he had made an end to prophesying, he came to the high place place. And Saul's uncle said unto him, now remember Samuel the prophet had just told him that you are going to be king of Israel, first one. And Saul's uncle said unto him and to his servant, where where have you been? And he and and he said to seek the asses. And when we saw that they were nowhere, we came to Samuel. So we were looking for the donkeys and we couldn't find them. So we went to the man of God. We went to the prophet. And Saul's uncle said, "Tell me, I pray thee, what Samuel said unto you." And Saul said unto his uncle. He plainly he told us plainly that the asses were found, but the matter of the kingdom where of Samuel spoke, he told him not. Look at the humility of Saul. He didn't tell his uncle or servant or anyone that he was going to be the king of Israel. You would think that he would be telling everybody, but do you see the character in the young man Saul? He was a good character, a humble character. Now, back to the prophet Samuel after he had secretly anointed Saul, the king of Israel. Verse number 17. And Samuel called the people together unto unto the Lord at Mispa. And he said unto the children of Israel, thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all the kingdoms, and all of them that oppress you. Remember the book of Joshua, book of Exodus. Don't you remember? I am the one that did all of this for you. And you have said, and you have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and all your tribulations, and you have g you have said unto him, "Nay, but set a king over us." Now therefore, present yourselves before the Lord by your tribes and by your thousands. So Samuel cast lots, which is like the Uram Thumbman back then. He wanted to show the people that God chose this king, not me. Skip to verse 24. And Samuel said to all the people, "See ye him whom the Lord hath chosen, and there's none like him among all the people." And all the people shouted and said, "God saved the king." So they're looking at this big goodlooking guy standing there, foot taller than anyone else. He was the best looking guy in Israel. He comes from a famous and wealthy family and and the guys are might looking at him being like, "Man, this guy is cool. He can probably bench 400 pounds." The girls are looking at him and say, "He's cute. How many wives does he have?" I'm just kidding. And the warriors are looking at this man say, "I would follow that man into battle. That's a man I would follow. A man that looks like that." Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom and wrote it in a book and laid it up before the Lord. And Samuel sent all of the people away, every man to his house. So the prophet in his old age, he lays out how the new kingdom of Israel would function in that book. And Saul also went home to Gibia, and there went with him a band of men whose hearts God had touched. But the children of Balile said, now this is important. But the children of Balile said, "How shall this man save us?" And they despised him and brought no presence. But he held his peace. But Saul held his peace. Look at the character of King Saul here. He had just been crowned king. He had just been anointed king. And yet he had patience with these people that that criticized. Children of bile means worthless people. And these are the ones who will complain no matter what you do. They will find fault in everything. They're always they're always finding fault. They're always criticizing. These kind of people are always present. They're they're present here. They're present in every church. They are always there. And no matter what you do, they are going to criticize it and they'll make fun of it. The Bible calls them the children of Bile. Other men when they became king later on they killed these people that would criticize them. Solomon's son Riaboam. Remember that story? David's son Solomon and Solomon's son Riaboam. He said that my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. I'm going to be hard on you. But this man Saul, he was kind and he said, "No, just leave them alone." Really, any ruler of of any sort, there will always be children of Blay that criticize and don't help in any way. But I think that we should always take the attitude that Saul originally had and just leave them alone. You don't have to chastise someone from the pulpit. You don't have to chastise someone publicly. Just leave them alone. Every there they'll always be there. Whether it's our president, how thin Scandi is and and you know, someone will tweet and they tweet back and forth. It's like just just leave it, you know, just just let it go. So the um so Saul is now king. Now the uh there's this king that rises up this this Ammonite. The children of Ammon, they come from this man Lot. So you remember Abraham and his nephew Lot. Lot came out of Sodom. Sodom was destroyed. His wife turns to a pillar of salt. They they go up and they hide out in the in the mountains and the Lot ends up sleeping with his daughters and they have one each daughter has a son. One is named Ammon. The other one in the other one's name is Moab and that's where the Ammonites and the Moabites come from. And they were constantly at war with Israel. So this man, this Ammonite called Nahash was his name, he brings an army to this city and he besieges this city and they the um the the people in the city, they reach out to this man, this conquering man that's going to about to about to take their city and they say, "Hey, can um can we make a deal and then we'll serve you?" And this man, Nahash, evil man, he says, "Okay, we can make a deal." He says, "I will gouge out the right eye of every one of you to be a reproach on Israel. How's that for a deal? Then you can serve me." And they were like, "Uh, can we have seven days to think about it?" And they sent out messengers to help them. Saul, it starts getting among the people and then in Saul's hometown, he hears the people crying and he says, he says, "Why are the people crying?" And they tell him the whole story about Nahash. Now this is the king of Israel. Now remember, Israel is used to getting destroyed by any invading army. And that's why they they were so quick to say, "Hey, let's make a deal." And he's like, "Okay, I'm going to gouge out your right eyes and then you can serve me." And they're like, "Uh, well, let us think about it." What they said. and they sent people out to get help. Finally, it gets to the king. It gets to the leader. Let's read it. Chapter 11, we'll just start with verse one. Then Nahash the Ammonite came up and encamped against Jabeshgilead. And all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, "Make a covenant with us and we will serve you." So the Jewish people at Jabeshgilead, they were used to getting conquered. So they wanted to make peace. We'll pay you off. And Nahash the Ammonite answered, "On this condition, will I make a covenant with you that I may thrust all out all your right eyes and lay it for reproach upon all Israel." Oh, you want to make a deal, huh? Those are my those are my terms. And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, "Give us seven days respit that we may send managers unto all the coasts of Israel. And then if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee." And and then came the messengers to Giba of Saul, and told the tidings and the ears of the people, and all the people lifted up their voices, and wept. And behold, Saul came after the came after the herd out of the field. And Saul said, "What alth the people that weep?" And they told them the tidings of the men of Jabesh. And the spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings. And his anger was greatly kindled. And he took an a yolk of oxen and hewed them in pieces and sent them throughout all the coast of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, "Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul, and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto this oxen." And the fear of the Lord fell upon all the people, and they came out in one consent. So Saul said, "Listen, we are going to battle and if you don't come, all of you 12 tribes, if you don't come and follow me into the battle, then you're going to be like this ox that I just cut up." He showed leadership there. And when he numbered them in Ba in Bez, the children of Israel, there were 300,000, and the men of Judah 30,000. And they said unto the messengers that came, thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabes Gilead, tomorrow by that time the the sun be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came down and showed it to the people to the men of Jabesh. And they were glad. So they sent messengers and said, "Tomorrow we're going to be there and we're going to bail you out. Here comes the Calvary." Therefore the men of Jabesh said, "Tomorrow we will come out unto you, and ye shall do with us all that seemth good to you." Now watch the leadership of Saul. He shows that he can lead in battle. And it was on the marorrow that Saul put the people in three companies. And they came into the midst of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day. And it came to pass that they which remained were scattered so that two of them were not left together. And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that said, "Shall Saul reign over us? Bring the men that we may put them to death." Remember the sons of children of Bile, the sons of Balile. It's like, "Oh, do you remember they were talking about you? You Saul." And Saul said, "There shall not a man be put to death this day, for today the Lord hath wrought salvation in Israel." Then said Samuel to the people, "Come, let us go to Gil Gilgal and renew the kingdom there." And all the people went to Gilgal. And there they made Saul king before the before the Lord in Gilgal. Second time. Now Saul was proven in battle. And there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the Lord. And there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly. So we see this man Saul. I'll um we'll we'll stop there. The musicians can come and close. You see this man Saul, he started out very very good, very brave. I love that part when he hears that his people are in trouble and he says, "You know what? We're all going to to bail them out." That had never really happened in Israel before. And now this king shows that God is with them. And he gets all the people together. And here they go to conquer this guy that was about to do these awful things to their brethren. And we see this man Saul was leading them into battle. A truly great man. But soon things will begin to change. And this power in Saul will start to turn to pride. And then this pride will turn to jealousy. And then all of these problems that Saul has, they start to work on his mind and they start to trouble him and they really they make his life miserable from this from this is the highlight in Saul's career. This is the best that it gets and he's going to win some more battles and we'll get to that in the next time we get to Saul. But it'll he'll soon start making mistakes and he'll st soon soon start relying on Saul more than he relies on the Lord. God bless you [Music] [Music] Michael upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to way. Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees. Tell in your own good time. You'll answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. For they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. will teach me Lord to wave while hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed and keep my eyes on me. Let me be on this earth what you want be to be. For they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall bow up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to wait. I really think the story of King Saul is the most tragic story in the Old Testament. We see what a tremendous potential that this man had. He had every character that we would think that a king should have, but yet he let it get to his head. Later on, we'll see that his whole character changed when power corrupted him. But before that, he truly was a great man. Boy, just the battles and the leadership that he showed in Israel really hadn't been seen until since Joshua's time. And he got them together and he said, "We're going to battle. And if you're going to chicken out, I'm coming after you after the battle." Just a tremendous leader. Wonderful leader. Let's all stand. [Music] Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till in your own good time. You'll answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. All they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord or teach me Lord to way. Very important week this week as we prepare for a communion service on Sunday evening. Keep that in prayer. The scripture that we read during every communion service that says, "Let a man examine himself." So let us examine ourselves this week. Make sure that we are right with the Lord. When we come and take the cup and the bread, we want to be worthy. We'll never be worthy maybe in our own eyes, but we want to be right. We want our heart to be right to where we can say, "Lord, I make a lot of mistakes, but you know my heart and in my heart I truly want to be a Christian." Then on this coming Saturday afternoon, Saturday evening at 3:00, we have a um have a potluck at UD Doll Park and that's for everybody. The youth are planning it and they're organizing it, but it's for all of us. We can all we can all go and um I think that's it. Zach and Zeke, may God be with you on your traveling. May his Holy Spirit be in the vehicle with you and guide you and protect you. And I pray that when you get back home that the Lord will bless you there and that you will u find the desire of your heart. And remember, the closer you get to God, the more you want to be closer to him. As you get closer and closer, the greater he is. And the closer you get, the closer you want to be. Let's bow our heads. Our father, we thank you Lord that you have preserved these stories in the Bible and Lord that we can see great men in the past and and how they rose up to power and Lord how you were with them. The same God that was with Saul and changed him is the same God that's here with us. The same God that was with David is the same God that's here with us. Same God that was in Moses is the same God that's here with us. And Father, we want to speak to you like Samuel spoke to you. Be with us, Father, we pray. guide us, protect us, prepare our hearts, Father, for this communion service this Sunday. And we pray that you would bless the gathering we'll have on Saturday. And Father, bless each one that's here tonight, those that streamed in. May your your hand be upon them in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] The love of [Music] God is greater [Music] far than tongue or pin. Can't ever tell. [Music] It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest hell. The guilty pair bound down with care. God gave his son to win his airing child. [Music] He reconciled and pardoned from his sin. All love of God, how rich and pure, how [Music] measureless and strong. It shall [Music] forever more [Music] endure the saints and [Music] a gent song. And we within the ocean [Music] filled and were the [Music] skies a part made where every Star on earth a [Music] quill and every man ascribe by trade to write the love of God above. would drain the [Music] o dry, nor can the [Music] scroll contain the whole stretched from sky. [Music] song we most of us know that I don't know who the author of that song is. I know that it was scribed on a the wall of an insane institution. I remember that I just start going to church when I was a young man. I was uh I was maybe I don't know 21 years old and we were singing that chorus. We were singing that song and when we got to the part about to write the love of God, I uh I was we're at brother Makanda's church just down the street, not too far from here. Very I don't know if you ever been to that church. Very quiet, more quiet than we are. and uh just a real you know nonemotional church and we got to that part and I started shouting and I started clapping and there was probably 15 people in the whole service that night and they everybody looked at me like whoa they were they were good with it like like oh good you know and I had nothing ever happened to me like that in my whole and and I was shouting and praising the Lord and clapping and and then after her words I like whoa that that really happened. Can we sing it that verse one more time? It's just special to me. And we with thee the ocean feel and were the [Music] skies a part been made where every Star on earth a quill and every man a scribe by trade to write the love of God above. Oh, what drain the o dry? Nor could the [Music] scroll contain the hope. No stress from sky to sky. Oh love of God, how rich, how pure, how measureless. and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and [Music] name [Music] gent. We are thankful for that love of God. Wow. It is so beautiful. I mean, there's nothing that could ever say. There's no book that I ever could ever contain that love of God. I'm so thankful that he shed that love to me. The son of God died for my sins and brought me I'm thankful he brought me to this church. I be thankful that he brought us together. and thankful that there's such grace in Jesus Christ. I'm thankful for you all, every one of you, the best in the whole world. God bless you. You're dismissed. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall [Music] forever more endure the saints and [Music] name song. [Music] I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. And in darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a [Music] father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. My life laid down. I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. My life laid down. I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you haven't been [Music] faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold through the shadow. Burn like [Music] fire. And I just want to speak the name of [Music] Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
