################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-08 - Discussion on Spiritual Gifts and Bible Translations Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-08
Title:    Discussion on Spiritual Gifts and Bible Translations: Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWN1_0LG2Ow
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, October 8th, 2025 7PM. Tucson Tabernacle. Pastor Daniel Evans answers two questions for the congregation. The first question is why we use different translations of the Bible. The second is how spiritual gifts should operate in the church. 1 Corinthians 12 and 14.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you brothers and sisters. Let's pray. Our heavenly father, Lord, thank you that we can come together and sing songs of worship and now open your holy Bible, Father. And I pray that you would be here with us tonight as you were with the apostles when they wrote these words that I'll be reading tonight. Father, I pray that the wisdom, the Holy Spirit would be with us in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Brother Joseph, Sister Carrie, God bless you. Welcome. I feel like, Brother Joseph, I feel like I know you. And uh have we met before? Okay. Good. Good. I was like, "Boy, I just feel like I know him really well." Excellent. Pray. Good. I'm uh glad that I'm still keeping my mind. Um so what we do on Wednesday night, we have more informal, especially when I'm teaching, we are uh we do our do a Bible study and uh we've been been doing we've been going through with brother Lyall, brother Josiah. We've been going through praise and worship through the Bible. and tonight and I've been answering some questions that we've received from the congregation over the past uh couple months or so. I've gone through a number of these questions and tonight um what I would like to do is I would like to answer two of these questions and then like we did last time I thought it was really nice when we opened up the forum to anyone else that wanted to ask any questions or maybe something I said that was unclear and uh or would like a little bit further explanation. So, we'll do that. I'll try to get through in a reasonable amount of time and then uh hopefully we'll be able to answer um we'll be able to contribute from the from the audience. U the first there are two questions tonight. Uh the first one is why do I use different translations of the Bible other than the King James version? I actually have not received that question from the audience, but I just felt like I felt like maybe there was a question in the audience and maybe people didn't want to ask, but I want to answer that one. That one came from me. It didn't come from anyone, but I thought that it would be good if I address that. And then the second one is I have received this from a couple different sources is how should the gifts be operating in the church or what kind of gifts should we have in the church or do we have the gifts operating in our church? So that's the second one. The second one I could take a series of sermons on. I'll try to go fairly quickly on both of them. The first one, why do I use other translations other than the King James Bible? It's a good it's a good question and as I said no one asked me but I thought that is probably on the minds of many folks. The u we use in this church we use the King James Bible the old King James and uh the old King James the first publication of it was in6004 and um if you read a6004 King James Bible you would not be able to read it. It doesn't make sense. It's literally a different language. It was a English translation and it was a very good English translation, but it's a different language than we speak in our modern English today. The King James Bible was written not by King James. There was a number uh I think around 4950 somewhere around that of scholars that were brought together in England and the king was having political problems in his country. King James was and there was a lot of fighting and most of the fighting back then as when throughout history was religious fighting and there was the church of England and the King James King James wanted to bring his kingdom together and the best way to do that was obviously to get them on the same page religiously. So he got these scholars together and they were the best of the best and they translated the King James Bible. They used a lot of uh William Tinddale's work previous to them and other Bibles as a as a manuscript and they came up with this really masterpiece of the King James translation. It was the first uh publication ever printed on movable type which was the Gutenberg press. So we we take it for granted now. We get magazines and we have our Bibles here and whatever it might be. But before there was no movable type. There was no way to mass-produce printing. There were scribes and there were other ways of doing it. But the Gutenberg press made it to where they could print a lot of a lot of the same copies and it actually moved into newspapers and that type of thing. But the first thing was the Bible was the English Bible that was printed on this Gutenberg press. Um then a few hundred years passed, language changed quite a bit and then in 1769 another King James Bible was printed and translated. So our King James Bible is not actually the original King James. Just so you know that it this ours is another iteration of the King James and this one was more understandable more it was it it came up to the modern language of that day in the mid700s. Now you've heard people maybe say well I like I just want to use the King James. I I I don't want anything else. Brother Brandham use the King James. That's not true. Brother Brandham used whatever he had at his at his disposal. He used what's called the um the Young's translation, which was not a very good Bible at all was was one one scholar translated um this Bible, but brother Brandham referred to that. And then another one was the Revised Bible. He referred to that one also. In fact, he would often go to those Bibles and say, "Now, the King James isn't correct here." and he would go to those. You just have to listen to the tapes and that's there. So when people say that they I use the King James be because brother Brandham used the King James that's that's mistaken. That may be your reason but that's not what he did. He used whatever resources he had and the reality was back when he was here there were not very good translations of the Bible. King James was excellent and it was the very best that he had at the time and he used as I said he used many different translations. He well he didn't use many of them because but he used everything that was available and also he didn't have the luxury of the internet of or of a phone. Books were expensive back then. We don't understand that today. A Bible was a very expensive thing, especially in the 17 1800s. They um many times the Catholic Church or the Anglican church or whatever it was, they would have a Bible that people could read, but they chained it to the pulpit. So, you could go up and read it, but they were so valuable that and and so rare that they kept it they kept it chained to the pulpit in the church. So then time passed and really the King James was it's still outstanding. Then came the New International Version in 1978. This was the first legitimate good translation now since the King James in my opinion. Now when you when you translate something many of you speak Spanish you don't want to um well we need to be careful about in our absolutism with English all right King James is English okay in Spanish what is it brother in the rain of valera I believe there's a rea 1909 then there's another rea uh 1960 I believe and updated ated version. So when you hear King James, it's English. And I've heard people saying, "Well, we want a King James Bible in in Chinese." That doesn't make sense. King James is English. The original Bible was written either in Hebrew in the Old Testament. There's a little bit in Aramaic, which is a form of Hebrew in the Old Testament, and then the New Testament was written in Greek. It was the common language of that time. So when you say that you go back to the original Greek, we're generally talking about the New Testament. It was written in Greek. And this is one of the most wonderful things. The Hebrews, the Jews are the ones that wrote the Bible. Why didn't they write it in Hebrew? If they would have written it in Hebrew, then the Romans wouldn't have been able to read it because they didn't speak Hebrew. They spoke Greek. So they wrote the original Bible as a an evangelistic tool. They wanted everyone to have it. So they wrote their their letters and they wrote their their gospels in Greek so that others could read those. So that's when you say go back to the original Greek. It is the original Greek. But the L speaks Hebrew. He's been studying Hebrew. He It's beautiful that the Hebrew language is the same as it was thousands of years ago. and he can go back and he can look at actually look at the original manuscripts right brother Lyall and you can actually read them and with Greek they can go back a Greek scholar can go back to the original Greek and translate it all right but the King James is an English translation and when you translate something you always want to go back to the original because if you go from and I've done this um obviously I don't speak any other languages But I I've worked with translations. You don't want to go from English to French to say Lingala in Congo or let's say uh you don't want to go from English to Swahili to uh what whatever the local dialect is in Kenya. All right? You don't want to you don't want to do that. You want to go straight from English to the language because if you put another language in there, you're going to introduce error. So the the King James Bible, you don't want to translate something from the King James. You want to translate from the original Greek. You need someone that is fluent in Greek and whatever language it's going into to translate that. All right, are we together? So then in 1978, the New International Version came out. Excellent translation. It is about like the King James as far as the accuracy. maybe a little bit more paraphrased than the King James is. Then in 1979, right after the New International Version came out, came the New King James. The New King James took the Old King James and as a manuscript and it tried to tried to keep the same flow as the old King James. That's why most of the time when I read another translation now it's the New King James because I know you're looking up here or you're looking in your Bible and I want it to flow the same way as the old King James does. Right? We're together. Then after that in 2001 and there's there's lots of other translations in here but these are the translations that I use. After that in 2001 came the English Standard Version. English Standard Version is pretty it's pretty on the mark, but it doesn't have that flow that the NIV has or that the King James has. It seems to me, and this is just my opinion, the New King James and the NIV, they really flow nice. But the English Standard Version very I think I believe it's very accurate and very to the point, but it's a little uh a little bit harder maybe to read. And then another translation that I use is the New Living Translation that came out in uh 1996 and uh I think and it's an very paraphrased version, very easy to read. If you're listening to your Bible, the New Living Translation is a joy to listen to and you get the meaning behind the scriptures. But what the authors did is they took the the original Greek or Hebrew or whatever the source language was and they made it readable into into a more understandable Bible. Many of you have asked me, many of the new, maybe no one in here, but many of the new members we have in the church have asked me, "What Bible should I get?" And and to me, when you start New Living Translation's wonderful, it'll give you an understanding of what you're reading. Let me give you an example. And I want to read this. This is when we get into gifts. I want to read this scripture. Let's turn to if you could give me uh sister Rachel if you could give me Romans 12 12:8. And this is talking about the gifts in church. And this is what we're going to go to. If you could put the King James version of Romans 128 up there. And it says this. Or he that exhortth on exhortation. We we understand that's actually this pretty much the same in all the translations. Or he that exhortth on exhortation. Now listen to this. He that giveth, let him do it with simplicity. He that ruleth with diligence, and he that showeth mercy with ch cheerfulness. Let me go back to that. He that giveth, he that gives, let him do it with simplicity. What does that mean? Now this is 400y old English. What does it mean? He that gives, let him give with simplicity. All right. Now think about it. Now, have it in your mind what it is. The original Greek, it's this word. It's a noun. Simplicity. Please, uh, if you could keep it up there. There we go. Um, the original Greek is a noun. And I'm not even going to try to pronounce it. I don't speak Greek. H A P L O T. That is simplicity. All right. That is that is what the English word translated into simplicity in6004. It means generosity completely. English has changed the meaning of that word. So it doesn't mean what the original means. It literally means generosity. And the best word for generosity in6004 and in 1769 was simplicity. English Standard Version says this verse 8 keeps the King James up there. The one who exhorts in his exhortation. The one who contributes in generosity. The one who leads with zeal. The one who does acts of mercy with cheerfulness. All right. Now we're going to now let's go to the New King James in verse eight. It says, "He who exhorts in exhortation, he who gives with liberality, gives liberally, gives generously, trying to trying to follow the same flow as the King James. He who leads with diligence, he who leads with diligence, he who shows mercy with cheerfulness." Let's go to the next verse. Verse number nine. Now, this is these this is the scripture that I was just going to read today. I was like, you know what? It would be good to go through the different translations. Verse number nine, let love be without dissimulation. Who knows what that means? No hands. Let love be without dissimulation. Abore that which is evil. I think we all know what that means, right? Abore is an older word, but means hate. Cleave to that which is good. Dissimulation. Let love be without dissimilation. The original Greek word is a n y p o k k r i t os and it means unfeigned or genuine or sincere. English standard version says let love be genuine. Very to the point English Standard Version is let love be genuine. Abore what is evil. Hold fast to what is good. New King James says this, "Let love be without hypocrisy. Abore that which is evil and cling to that which is good." NIV. All right. NIV is, as I said, it's a real nice readable text. Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil. Cling to what is good. New Living Translation. This is the more paraphrased version. It says, "Don't just pretend to love others. Really love them. Hate what is wrong and hold tightly to what is good." Very understandable, but not a direct translation. All right? But understandable, you get the meaning. It's paraphrase. Now, there is another Bible that I've actually seen some of the people in this church carry. It's called the Message Bible. Just because it says message on it doesn't mean that it's right. The Message Bible. I do not have a good opinion of that one. Here's what the Message Bible says. It's a very very paraphrase version. Sorry, Sister Rachel. Can you put the Thank you. It's a very, very paraphrased version. The me the Message Bible says this. Love from the center of who you are. Don't fake it. Run for dear life from evil. Hold on for dear life to good. All right. So, it's Yeah, I get it, but it's a little over the top. And just these are my opinions. I mean, it's it's understandable, but I would recommend another um translation other than that one. So, it's in Common English, the Message Bible. It gets it gets the point across, but I that's not one that I would quote. All right. So that's why and I wanted to stay short on the Bible translations. That's why that I reference different translations because I want us to understand the the King James Bible. I think is beautiful. And I like using the King James Bible because it's what we memorize. All of us grew up reading it. And I like I want to I like staying with it. If the church wanted to move to another Bible, I'd probably encourage the New King James. But I think that the the old King James is good because it's just what we know. And I can continue to go on and continue to read other translations of that. Um, but uh so that's that's why it's an answer to the question that wasn't asked, but that you all thought. That's that's why I use different translations. And I I believe that using these other translations, I have an app that I use that has five different translations in line. And that's how I read my Bible. I just scroll through this app and I have all of my translations there. And I I um it's funny because my eyes usually go between two translations on my app. I have the King James, the New King James, um the uh New Living Translation, the NIV, and the ESV. And my eyes go to the New King James and the u the New Living Translation. I don't know why, but those are the ones that I usually go to when I when I'm reading. They seem to be the most understandable for me. The New King James because it's what I'm used to and and it brings back my memories of the scripture. and then the New Living Translation because it it is easy to understand. So that's why and now I want to move on to the next subject and I'll I'll try to do this in about 15 or 20 minutes and then we can open up to questions about the Bible translations or about the gifts in the church. The gifts friends are I believe it's part of God. God is a God that gives gifts as the Bible said to men. I was Stephanie and I were visiting somebody in the hospital the other day and uh it's a young man that has um cancer and is very late stages in cancer and he's in a tough spot and I um we prayed for him and and I've prayed for people and I've seen them be healed. I've prayed for One of the most outstanding ones is I prayed for a man who had um hepatitis and he came in with his before um hepatitis test that showed that he had hepatitis and then after we prayed he came back and with his negative test completely healed. So, I've seen people healed at at my prayer. And many of you, I'm sure, have been have been healed when uh when when we've come up for prayer or whatever it might be. But I genuinely pray that the Lord would send the gift of healing into our church into a brother or a sister or many brothers or many sisters. I don't believe it's necessarily my calling. I believe all of us are called to pray for the sick. But then there is a special gift that some people have that God anointed them with to be a blessing to the people to be a blessing to the church. I wish that we had that and I I believe that we do have that in our church and I would like to see it manifested. I would like to see it um more in action. And it, as I said, I pray I've prayed for people as I'm sure you have and they've been healed, but that's not my gift. I believe it's others. And I would love to see this young man healed. I would love to see this gift in operation, not for our church. And that's one of the things I'm going to talk about in the gifts. The gift is not to glorify the person praying or to glorify the church that this person comes from. The gift is to glorify God. That is the main thing. But I think so often we lose focus. And we want to see gift gifts mainly a most of the time and search yourselves. We want to see gifts maybe to vindicate how we believe, maybe to make us feel better when we go to bed at night. I'm right. But what should really be focusing on is the whole reason that God gives the gifts. To me, there are two reasons that God sends gifts into the church. And I'm talking about tongues. I'm talking about prophecy. I'm talking about healing. I'm talking about miracles. I'm talking about all the gifts that God places into the church. I really believe that we can put these two reasons for God to give gifts into the church. And remember, I keep telling the congregation over the past couple weeks, don't be afraid to ask why. If you hear something from the pulpit, if there's a doctrine that that you you've listened to your whole life, don't be afraid to ask why do I believe this? And there needs to be an answer. And the answer is not just well just just believe it and and then the Lord will reveal it to you. No, you have to find it in the word here. And really I believe that the two reasons that God sends gift in into the church is number one to introduce God. And that is to point people today point people to Jesus. When Jesus came on the scene 2,000 years ago, the first things that he started doing was started doing miracles, healing, turning the water into wine, doing these these things that no one could do. And what it did is it got the people's attention to focus on Jesus. And then after Jesus, then the disciples started doing miracles. Why? For the same reason. To point people to Jesus Christ. to point people to Christianity. Number one reason is to point people to God, to have them give their lives to God, to introduce them to God, to show them God is here. God is real. And that's what I mean all through from Jesus's whole ministry, the miracles, miracles, miracles. It was because God and Jesus was getting their attention saying that this gospel is the truth. Not pointing them to a church, not pointing them to a man other than Christ. Then the disciples came and they did the same thing. And they were doing they were establishing Jesus's ministry with miracles to show that that the Christ that they were preaching was real. I challenge you in the book of Acts, go there. There are miracles all the time and it is always pointing people to Christ. That is the main reason. Get them excited. Show them God's real and then the miracle happens and it brings them to God. To God. Number one. And then number two, God is kind. God's loving. He doesn't want us to suffer. He wants to heal us. He wants us He wants to deliver us from evil. He wants to save us. He wants to save our children, our grandchildren. He loves us. He's kind. Just like, boy, going to the hospital, me and Stephanie. You know, I would have done anything to see this boy healed. I believe God wants him healed. Everything's for a purpose. The most important thing is to get them to God. That's the most important because if if they get healed today, they're going to get sick again. If they come off the deathbed, they're going to eventually die. But the purpose, the main purpose is to get them to Christ. But it's also to prevent the suffering that goes on and to help us. I'm not just talking about healing. I'm talking about prophecy. I'm talking about tongues. I'm talking about all the gifts in the church. They are to help the congregation. They are not to edify, not to lift up a single person. You might say, "Oh, brother Daniel has a gift of tongues." And then then it becomes about brother Daniel. No, it should always be about God. And when I'm get to these scriptures, you're going to see very plainly, it is not about the person that has the gift. There is a very specific purpose in a gift and it is not to lift up the church or lift up the individual. So really I believe that these gifts are sent for the good of the people. Get them to salvation and get them healed. And many times gifts are confused with emotion. You can say that the church has the has gifts because people are speaking in tongues or because people are running around the the the congregation or they're dancing in the spirit and all that. Those are not gifts. Do not get those mixed up with gifts. Those are blessings. But that is not a gifted church. A gifted church has real gifts that operate for other people. If someone is is up here, say me, say I'm up here preaching and I speak in tongues without an interpretation. It's not a gift to you. It's just I just said something strange. That would be a that would be me worshiping. Or you have people and say the whole church starts speaking in tongues. That's not a gift because it's for the individual. It's not for someone else. A gift is always for someone else. And as I said that a church that has a lot of emotion, that's good. I'm not against that at all. I love it. I have myself. I've spoken in tongues, but it was for me. It wasn't a gift operating. It was praise. I have shouted in the spirit, but it's not a gift. A gift is, and they're very plainly defined, as I'm going to read, they are for the edification of the church. They are for other people. Are you with me? I know it may sound strange, but as I said, a church that speaks in tongues, a church that runs around, that dances in the spirit, is not a gifted church. It's an emotional church, which is good. I'm good. I'd rather have it that way than a dead church, but that is not a gift. We're together. Everybody's like, "Whoa, I'm going to read the Bible." 1 Corinthians chapter 12. When those those things happen, friends, ask yourself this. Is it introducing somebody to Christ? This speaking in tongues or or dancing in the spirit or whatever it might be. Is it introducing someone to Christ or is it healing someone else or providing for someone else? If it is not, then it's not a gift. 1 Corinthians chapter 12 verse one. Now, concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant. You know that you were Gentiles carried away under these dumb idols, even as you were led. Wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God callth Jesus a cursed, and no man can say that Jesus is Lord, but by the Holy Ghost. Why is he saying that in introducing the gifts? He's saying the focus is on one thing. focuses on Christ. Now there are diversities of gifts but the same spirit. New Living Translation says there are diversity. There are different kinds of spiritual gifts but the same spirit is the source of them all. That is the Holy Spirit. It's the source of all of the gifts. And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord. And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God, which worth workketh all in all. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Let me read the New Living Translation of that. Verse number seven, verse number seven says this. A spiritual gift is given to each of us so we can help each other. So here we see the spiritual we see the purpose of these spiritual gifts. They're not to glorify self. They're not to glorify a church. They are to help each other. As I said, but the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Old King James. As I said, it's hard to understand. And the the prop the modern word is to each of us so we can help each other. So I can pray for the sick as you can pray for the sick. We can give a prophecy maybe in tongues and it's meant to help. One thing that I did and I talked about this a little bit on on Sunday is the anointing of oil. And I appreciate anointing with oil because in the book of James it says that if you do this then the prayer of faith shall save the sick. So I look and it's like Lord maybe I don't have the faith as a pastor. Maybe I don't have the faith to pray for somebody as they come up. But if I anoint them with this oil Lord I don't it doesn't it's not built on my faith. I have enough faith to put my finger in this oil and anoint that person. That's all the faith I need. And all the faith that the that the person that needs healing that all the faith that they need is to come up and say, "I want to be anointed." And then boom, we have it now. It's a promise of God. And that's why anointing with oil is it's not always. Sometimes we just lay hands on the stick. Sometimes we just speak the word. But when you anoint with oil, you have that promise there. And it doesn't have to have maybe a gift of healing. You just do it. As a Christian, as a believer, you just do it. And you can count on it happening. Verse number eight, for to one is given by the spirit the by the spirit the word of wisdom. We have another gift operating. To another the word of knowledge by the same spirit. to another faith by the same spirit. To another, gifts of healing by the same spirit. Do you see these different gifts that God places in the church? And we need all of them. We really do. To another working of miracles, and to another prophecy, to another discerning of spirits, to another diverse kinds of tongues, to another interpretation of tongues. But all these work workketh that one and self-same spirit dividing to every man severally as he will. New living translation says it is the one and only spirit who distributes all these gifts. He alone decides which gift each person should have. English standard version says all these are empowered by one and the same spirit who aortions to each one individually as he wills. It's God that gives those gifts. And you cannot make yourself something you are not. I would give anything if I could lay my hands on that young man and he would get up in the power of the Holy Ghost. I wish I could and maybe he will from me anointing with oil. But do you see how much of a gift that gift of healing would be in our church? It would be beautiful and it would be needed by us. He's given us gifts, but I we need to continue to pray that Lord, what is my gift? What do you want me? For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being one are are one body, so also is Christ. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been all made to drink into one spirit. This was a bit of a profound statement back then. Remember, most Christians at this time were Jews, and the Jews thought they were better than the Gentiles. Why wouldn't they think that? The Bible was all about them. The whole the whole Bible was pretty much about this lineage of the Jewish people. And when they were back then back then they thought the Gentiles were dirty. But Paul is breaking tradition by saying now everyone is equal. Your heritage does not matter. You may have come from the lineage of Levi or Judah or Abraham or a prophet but now Christ has come and poured out his spirit upon all flesh. And now it matters if you are in Christ. That is what it is. So he's saying I don't care if you're following John the Baptist or Moses or if you were a complete heathen. If you have accepted Christ as your savior, then you are we are all equal in this. And then God can pour out his gifts upon the people. For the body is not one member but many. And really more important than the individual gift is the collective gift of the whole body of Christ. Paul goes on to say that you can't have a foot without a hand or you can't have an eye without a nose. You have to have this whole body together to be complete. Let's skip to verse 28 for time's sake. And God hath set some in the church. Now he's going to tell us more gifts. Some in the church first apostles, secondary prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles and gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversity of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? But covet earnestly the best gifts? And yet I show unto you a more excellent way. That's the end of verse or chapter 12 of Corinthians. We know what chapter 13 is. What is that more excellent way? &gt;&gt; Amen. Because that is what operates these gifts. When you do it in love, you do it in love for the Lord and you do it in love for each other. Let's go to let's talk about briefly. Let's talk about tongues and uh 1 Corinthians 4 uh 14. 1 Corinthians 14. And friends, when I'm talking I'm talking about tongues here, but this is really all of the gifts there, they all operate like like Paul is saying here on in tongues. The main thing with what I'm trying to get across tonight is it's not about the person that has the gift and it is not about the pride that we have in our church or anything like that. It is about number one is it it it's about pleasing God and getting people to come to the Lord and number two it is about the compassion that we have for each other and the love we have for each other. Please remember in all things, please remember those two things. That's how gifts operate. That's that's that's everything. Follow after charity. It starts right there. Charity, King James, is love in today's words. Follow after charity and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that you may prophesy. For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh unto men, but un but unto God, for speaketh not unto men, but unto God. For no man understandeth him, how be it in the spirit he speaketh mysteries, but he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification and exhortation and comfort. He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifith himself. Remember what I was saying about the church that speaks in tongues, that shouts, that praises. As I said, it's good. I'd rather have that than than being too quiet. But they edi it's edifying the the worshipper. I was we were at a youth meeting and I was um I was one of the like the ministers there. I wasn't ministering but I was one of the ministers there that would pray with the kids. And I hope you may you may have been been there in Jeffersonville. I was standing in the back. It was a torrential rainstorm that was going on and the the tent was there. We were inside a tent, big giant tent about the size of half the size of this room, and a couple hundred kids there, and something told me, I was standing with a number of the other ones there, the ushers, and something told me to go stand by myself. And I thought, well, maybe one of the young people needs me or something. So I walked over to I was in the in the back and everybody was there and the pulpit was up there. I walked around to the side where the rain was coming down and the worship leader was singing beautiful just nice really really nice pouring down rain and it just it just felt good and I had my hands up. I didn't feel any type of uh emotion. I was just happy and I was just singing. And I heard the strangest sound, this rattling like d and I was like, "What is that?" I was looking around. I looked behind me and as I said, I didn't feel emotion. And I put my hand to my mouth and it was me that was speaking in tongues. But it was to myself and it was just worship is what it was. It was neat. It was an awesome experience. I think that maybe the Lord gave me gave me this experience so I could help others. It's not my gift. And I see many people praying in tonesues and that is wonderful. Praying in tonesues is worship and it's beautiful. But when you have a microphone, there better be an interpreter. But when you're praying in tongues, that's wonderful. As I said, I've done it and it's a blessing. But it was for me. But when I am up here speaking and if I speak in tongues and don't have an interpreter, it is against the word. I'll show you why. Let me uh let me read uh the New Living Translation of uh and I will go five more minutes and then we'll um we'll move on to the next portion. Let love be your highest goal. But you should also desire the special abilities the spirit gives, especially the ability to prophesy. For if you have the ability to speak in tongues, you will be talking only to God since people won't be able to understand you. It's for you. All right? You will be speaking by the power of the spirit, but it will all be mysterious. But one who prophesies strengthens others, encourages them, and comforts them. A person who speaks in tongues is strengthened personally, but one who speaks a word of prophecy strengthens the entire church. Verse verse number five, back to the King James. I would that you all spoke with tongues. speak with spake with tongues, but rather I would I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather that ye prophesied. For greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret that the church may receive edifying. So a message given by tongues and interpreted is a prophecy. And remember, it's for the church. It may be, brother John, I may if if the spirit of the Lord comes down and I give a prophecy maybe specifically for you. It's for you and it's to help you. It's not to help the person giving it. And when we make it about this person, that's why many that's why we don't see the gifts that we should. And Paul continues on and he says, 'But brethren, if I came to you speaking in tongues, what shall I profit you except I shall speak to you either by revelation or by knowledge or by pro prophesying or by doctrine. Basically, the tongues must have meaning behind them or they don't do any good. That's the difference between worshiping in tongues like I have done and the gift of tongues which is for other people. All right, we together let's let's uh for time sake let's go down to verse 13. Wherefore let him that speak in an unknown tongues pray that he may interpret. For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful. I identify with that so much. When I pray in the with the spirit, it's I'm I'm I'm praying my my spirit is praying to God when you are really when you're really coming out in tongues. And it's just it's something very special. But it's for me and I and when I will pray with the spirit and I will pray with the understanding also. I will sing in the spirit and I will sing with the understanding also. And as I said the difference here is that you can you can pray in tonesues and that's fine to pray in tonesues in the church but when the guy that has the microphone does it it's different. There was I I'll finish with this. There's a a sister that comes to church here and she was telling me, young sister, and she was telling me that the church that she was going to before, she said she came in and the worship team would be singing and then break out into tongues and then they would go back to singing and then back into tongues. And she told me, she said, she said, "Pastor," she said, "It just confused me. like I I don't understand why are they doing that and it's according to 1 Corinthians 14 it's off the word them doing that they shouldn't do it because it doesn't mean anything to the audience and what it is is it's lifting us up and saying oh I'm more spiritual because we're speaking in tongues but really the answer is the opposite is you're less spiritual because you you're not following the word verse number 23 If therefore, and this is along with what the sister told me, if therefore the whole church come together into one place and speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned or unbelievers, will they not say that you are mad? What? This is weird. I don't understand any of this. Paul's addressing it right here. So, we will I got I got a lot more. Maybe we'll we'll just continue this on um another time. But the the the gifts, friends, it's either to introduce someone to the Lord or it is out of compassion. And usually it's both. Almost always. I would say it's probably always both. But when it becomes about the person that has the gift and these gifts, you can have a gift and not use it for the Lord. And guess what? God doesn't take that gift away. You still have it. You can have a complete and utter false prophet with the gift of prophecy. But because he makes it about himself or herself and then they they then it becomes when it comes them they get they get outside of the Holy Spirit and they continue to prophecy. They might be right over here but wrong over here. And then that person becomes a false prophet with the gift of prophecy. And you say, "Well, why doesn't God just take it away from them?" Because the Bible says, and I won't get there, but it's in my scriptures, that the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. Brother Josiah always corrects me. I always say callings. And he says, "No, brother Daniel, it's calling. The gifts and calling of God are without repentance." King James, the gifts and callings of God, calling of God, sorry, he doesn't take away. He gives it to you. And no matter, you can be the vilest sinner, but you can still have that gift. We um Stephanie got on me today. I was talking about famous people and she told me, "You can't talk about somebody that's still alive." Elvis Presley had a wonderful gift of music. I mean, have you ever heard him sing Only Believe? beautiful gift. God gave him that gift. But you notice to the day he died, God never took it away. Even as vile as he taught young people to be, God never took that gift away from him. That gift that he had was not pulled away even though God gave it. And the same with the gifts in the church. You may have a gift. You can use it for yourself or you can use it for God. It depends on depends on you. We'll continue this. I got about halfway through. So now, what questions do you have for our discussion? I know I'm not going to continue on. We have to have the questions. Brother Jordan. It's &gt;&gt; a very &gt;&gt; I skipped that part in 1 Corinthians 14. That was in the same chapter. But so, brother Jordan asks at the end of uh the book of Revelation, it says that the curses will be upon someone who either adds to this book or takes from this book. Now, let me preface that with there are two schools of thought right there. If you ask the Mormon people, they will say that you're they're just talking about the book of Revelation. Now, if you talk to most Christian people, they were saying, "No, that covers the whole Bible. So let's just stand that we are not to add to or take away anything from the Bible. Now how does the different how do the different translations line up with that? Now I assume you're talking about maybe the paraphrased versions. If you read the Greek and translate it directly, which is what I was looking for when I was re researching this, it doesn't make sense. You cannot take the original language and translate it directly because it's not readable. They're two different languages. You have to be able to translate or interpret what they were saying at the beginning. So, but what you have to be careful with. So, let me address that. So, so my answer is these translations they have done their best to say exactly what the original context is not adding or not subtracting what the purpose what the meaning behind the scripture is. You can translate and many of you speak Spanish or or Swahili or French or whatever it might be. You know that you can translate something from Swahili to English many different ways and it could be perfectly accurate. Am I right, brother David? There's different ways to translate and get the exact same meaning, but there are many translations that I have seen that have a purpose in their translation which you mentioned um 1 Corinthians chapter 14 and the women preaching in the church. There are translations that twist that because that is their agenda and that is their purpose. If I I could have done some research and found found one. But when you do that, I believe, brother Jordan, you are guilty. You are guilty of placing your own agenda into the word and removing or adding to the context. But I believe that the translations that we use, they were done very very well. And I don't believe that the King James is a standard anymore because language has changed. It's not the King James. It was beautiful, but our language has changed. I just I read examples of it. But I do like the King James and I I want to continue using that. Did that answer the question? So the answer is you can translate perfectly right the original text in different ways and still have the exact correct translation. Another question, Sister Sharon. Yes. So, Sister Sharon says that John 3:17 says that Jesus did not come to condemn the world, but to save the world. So, who are we to put down someone else? I don't think you can and still believe the Bible. So, if you really believe the word, then no, you can't put someone else down. I believe it's uh it's coming up in the uh in the um sermon on the mount. Jesus said to call no man raqa, which I believe means worthless or say thou fool. He commanded don't do it or you will be guilty of hell. So, we can't we can provide correction and we shouldn't be sissies in the pull pit and allow things that the Bible is is strictly against. But that is just providing correction. That is preaching the word. But putting someone down, Sister Sharon, I agree with you. You can't. &gt;&gt; He did. Bible says that &gt;&gt; he did. Christ died for all is what sister Sharon said. However, not all accept him. There's two things that have to happen. He died for our sins, but we have to accept him. A pardon, beautiful. Brother Brandham said, "A pardon," and he was referring to a court case that I actually found. A pardon is not a pardon unless it is received as a pardon. and he was referring to uh something that happened, I believe, I can't remember exactly what it was, but it was Abraham Lincoln that wrote a handwritten pardon to a deserter who said that he never he he he was a coward and he he deserted his his post, which was punishable by death. Somebody got to Abraham Lincoln, I think it was a family member, and said, "Hey, this is this is my son and he's a good boy and he made a mistake." Abraham Lincoln said, "Okay." He takes a piece of paper, writes, "Pardon this young man, Abraham Lincoln, gives it to him, and the boy did not believe that Abraham Lincoln actually signed a pardon for him." And they put him to death because he did not accept that pardon. And it went to the went to court and the court found no, they were justified in killing him because he did not accept the pardon. There's two things that have to happen. Jesus died for our sins, but we have to accept that part. Another question, brother Josiah, &gt;&gt; about the Bible. &gt;&gt; The Amplified Bible is in my research is more so I read the Amplified Bible sometimes. Now, we don't put it up on the screen because we keep the King James up there. But in the Amplified Bible, there are brackets. And those brackets are added amplified. They are not the word of God. They're what the authors of the Amplified Bible put in there to help us understand the context. Okay? But the Amplified Bible itself is actually more in my understanding is more literal than the New King James, Old King James or English Standard Version. It is probably the most the most widely distributed of the most widely distributed Bibles. It's probably the most literal the Amplified Bible is, but again in the brackets it's added. Someone else, Sister Sarah I don't know. I uh I mean I have my ideas. It's something that I would have to really study on. Wisdom I think is play. The gift of wisdom is is that someone who is wise in their understanding, wise in their understanding of the word and and is able to take that wisdom that God has given that person and then bring it to help someone else if they're going to make a decision or whatever whatever it might be. Now, discernment of the spirit and knowledge are very similar and it depends on who you're talking to. They may say the gift of knowledge and we think that that's discernment. That would be somebody coming through the prayer line like brother Brandham did and I would say your name is Joseph and and you're from here and and you used to live here. A lot of modern uh charismatic churches call that the the gift of knowledge. We call it discernment. So I would have to really dig into it to answer that. Maybe maybe that's on the next one. I think that that that that's that would be more in preaching and more in laying out the scriptures. Yeah, good questions. And it's all right there in that first Corinth. Yeah, one more question before the team comes. Brother David people don't know how Uh wow. Um that's uh it's not on the gift subject, but um when we can the worship team can come and I'll close with this one. Um so brother David for for those that are streaming in. Brother David was asking, he said that the book of Revelation, I believe, oh no, is it um I think Jesus said that all men when when Christ returns that everyone will behold him. Say it again. You said it perfect. You quoted it. Say it &gt;&gt; in like manner will come down. Yeah. this this Jesus that that went up in like manner will come down. It was the angels that said it in like manner will come down and all eyes will see him and then he's saying that brother Brandham said that there'll be a secret sudden secret catching away which is in the scripture too that he will come like a thief in the night and and that straight is the gate narrow is the way and few there will be that find him. And we have scriptures like that that that will be and he says he says that it'll be in an hour and a time that you think not I don't know I I don't know the answer to that and it's something that I have thought about many many times how can that script how can these scriptures line up perfect and the only thing that I can say And I think I told the story about the young Jewish rabbi in training named Mayor when I was there looking at the the walls of Jerusalem and how how the the rubble was down at the bottom and we were talking about the Messiah and the young man and uh he was talking he was talking about the prophecies and he he said that there's different interpretations of the prophecies of the Messiah. And I told him that the true interpretation of prophecy is the fulfillment of that prophecy. So those are prophecies that are to come to pass. And when they are fulfilled, they will be perfect according to both sides. But I don't think that we know that answer. And I don't believe that anyone knows that answer until we actually see it. So, I'm sorry, brother David. I can't give any you an answer, but I do believe that when that prophecy is fulfilled, everything will line up just perfect. Amen. Brother Josiah, anybody else that had had one that was just burning on them? Okay, thank you. Get the words up to give us clean hands. Key of F. You appreciate our pastors. Jordan, &gt;&gt; I could turn on I could uh I can preach and I can and I believe that I believe that I'm I'm saying what's right or I wouldn't say it, but oh man, when you just sit down and you just open your New Living Translation or your your your your King James Bible and you just open it up and you just start reading and it's like, "Oh God, how wonderful your word is, how deep your word is, how precious these things are." And then as I said last Sunday, when you read it and it may be it may be in the law, maybe in Deuteronomy, maybe maybe in Leviticus, but when you really you read it and you see that that this offering took this goat and send him out in the wilderness to be killed by the wild animals. and you look and you say, "Lord, what does that have to do with me?" And then you can feel the spirit just come in and say, "That was my son, Jesus Christ. That was the offering that was made, the scapegoat that took the sins of the people and carried them away never to return." And when you read the Bible, it's just so friends, it is so beautiful, so deep by the word of his power. When he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. Yeah, that is good. Praise God. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. Great is thy faithfulness, oh God, my father. There is no shadow of turning with thee. Thou changest not thy compassions. They fail not. As thou hast been, thou forever will be. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy handath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Summer and winter and springtime and harvest. Sun, moon, and stars in their courses. Above they join with all naturature in manifold witness to thy great faithfulness, mercy and love. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy handath proided. Great is thy faithfulness [Music] to me. Pardon for sin. Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth. Divine own dear presence to cheer and to guide. Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. Blessings, oh mine, with 10,000 beside. Great is the faithful. Is the faithfulness born in my morning new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand hath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. [Music]
