################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - The Life of David Pt8 Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    The Life of David Pt8: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvweZKBAGYs
========================================

Description:
Wednesday, July 2nd, 2025,  7 PM. We continue our journey through the Psalms and David's life.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] And and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great thou are. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great. Let's sing that chorus one more time. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Amen. That great one came down on a cross. Amen. Glory to his name. Down at the cross where my savior died, I believe is a son. Get the words up to them. Down at the cross. Glory to his name. Oh, down at the cross where my Savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood of glory to his name. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. And I am so wondrously safe from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides with him. There at the cross where he took me in. Gloryy to his name. singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his preious name. There to my heart was a blood applied. Glory to his name. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me. He keeps me clean. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was a blood applied. [Music] Gloryy to his name. Oh precious pound saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me. He keeps me clean. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was a blood. Glory to his name. there to my heart, was the blood applied. He didn't say, "Well, not until you're this good can I apply the blood." He said, "I'm going to apply the blood because you can't be that good, but I can wash you and clean you." What What a wonderful savior, isn't he? And you know, it makes me want to see him. Oh, I want to see him. I want to see his face. The one who died for me. Amen. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my Lord. cares I'll pass home at last ever to rejoice when in service for my lord dark may be the night but I'll cling more close to him he will give me light [Music] snares may vex my soul turn my thoughts aside but my lord goes ahead ends well every time. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my bones. Cares all pass. Oh, my last ever to rejoice. When in valleys glow, I look towards a mountain high. And behold my savior there. He's leading in the fire. With a tender hand outstretched with a valley, he's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and oh I want to see him look upon his face of his saving grace and on the streets of glory let me lift my voice cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice when before he bellows rain from the mighty day. Then my Lord direct my bark. He does safely king and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me and oh I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Let's give him praise for that. What a wonderful thing. I appreciate that. And you think you want to see him, he's longing for you more than you could ever imagine. He says, "Come unto me and I will give you rest. He'll be your peace." Amen. Lord, I lift your name. Start with the chorus. Lord, I lift your name. your holy name. [Music] You're the great high, the risome, my comfort and king. Verse one. And Lord, my heart can go so far away and cold. And yet your love for him is still the same. Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. Lord, I lift your name. You're holy, Jehovah God. Hall him. You're the great I am the risen lamb. I comfort your and king. And Lord, my heart's divine is to be filled with the spirit's fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Yes. Open up my soul to worship and adore. to be a fragrance offered to your throne. Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God. Hall him. You're the great high amfort. [Music] One more time. The chorus. Lord, Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God. Hall him. You're the great higher am. Amen. Sister hope. Good to have you on the organ. God bless you, Josiah and Katie. I think they make good music together. What do you think? I was uh today, usually on Wednesdays, I talk to my brother Adam and it's between he just finishes his Bible study that he teaches and then I'm about to go to service. So, we usually have about a 30 minute or so conversation. And I was telling him some of the things that had happened to me today and um just dealing with some different people. And I told him, I said, you know, we have to be careful, but we ask for because we want to see things happen. We want to see prophecy come to pass. We want to see we want to see the Lord move. But many times when we ask for something and we get what we ask for, it's really not what we wanted. And as I was telling Adam these stories today that that had happened to me with some of the the brethren not from this church. Um Adam told me he said he says you know he said Dan I I'm really careful about what I pray for. He said for the very reason that you just said. He says I don't want to just ask the Lord for certain things. He said, "Because he might give me what I ask for and it might not be his will and it might not be good." And I want to encourage the church for all those that are here present tonight and those that are streaming in, always be careful what you pray for. You we are approaching God. When we say we pray in the name of Jesus, we are praying on his behalf. If we pray on in if we do something in someone else's name, we are doing it on their behalf. So when we go to prayer, we are going before the father in the name of the son and we bring these petitions before the lord. I talked last Sunday night about don't just when you're praying, don't just waste time. Have a purposeful prayer when you pray. When you get down, have in your mind, Lord, this is my need. This is this is what I want to do. Lord, I or or sometimes he, as I said, sometimes he just calls you and you just want to worship him and pray. But there must be a purpose there when you pray. And be careful, friends, of what that purpose is. Because God many times will give us what we want even though it's not what he wants, even though it's not his will, but he will allow things to happen because it is our desire. And many times we make it happen over his wishes, over his desires. we will make something come to pass. And when we get outside of God's will, everyone suffers. So, always use caution. Remember, you're going to the Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Not in on not on behalf of Jonathan Gonzalez or Kle Salazar. You are going on behalf of Christ. and you bring your petitions to the Lord in that way. Always pray, friends. Always pray that God's will be done. Lord, here's what I feel. Here's what I desire, but Lord, most of all, I want your will. When Jesus himself at the garden of Gethsemane, he prayed, "Lord, let this cup pass from me. I don't want to die. I don't want to do these things. Lord, let this cup pass from me. But nevertheless, thy will be done." And that's how we should pray, friends, that not my will, Lord. Here's what I think to the best of my earthly understanding. Here's what I think, but Lord, I place it into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ that your will would be done. And I believe that way if we could do that, we'll see a lot more prayers answered. Let's all stand and I'll read the prayer requests. [Music] Sister Denise and family, it's good to see you back there. God bless you. Sister Amelia writes this. She says, "My new coworker is asking prayers for his 14-year-old daughter, Emma. She took a lot of pills and tried to kill herself, but she lives. Sister Millia. Where's Sister Ameilia? But she lives. She took a lot of pills and tried to kill herself. Oh, and she lives in uh in this place. So, please please pray for that that uh woman. Emma is her name. Now, it's a tough place when you don't see any hope and you want to take your life. I pray that the Lord will show this lady hope and give her give her the understanding that there is a God in heaven that loves her and that can answer prayers. And brother Ly writes, "Plea, please pray for our son James. He had an accident resulting in a deep cut in his left hand. He had surgery today and the doctors said the nerve damage is worse than they thought. He is in significant pain. So please pray for both James and sister Ununice Deeds writes this. She says, "Pray for my my new friend Anna. Her husband has a terminal illness and is not doing well. Also, she desires a home church." Sister Unice, I can imagine terminal illness and how much a church would mean and really how much your friendship, I'm sure, means to her because you give her hope because you're pointing to a living God. Amen. And uh also I'd like to ask the church to remember Sister Mercy Zamarano. Tomorrow she will be 97 years old. Give him sister mercy cla. [Applause] She's been in the tabernacle since the 1960s. She testifies that she was the first person baptized in Tucson by brother Green. God bless you, Sister Mercy. We love you. Appreciate your testimony and your standing with the faith all these years. Brothers and sisters, remember if you raise your hand and you know I'm going to ask you to raise your hand if you have a if you have a request on your heart if you raise your hand raise your hand in the name of Jesus Christ and and say Lord here is my request I give it to you in the name of the son of God. So if you have a request upon your heart make it known before the Lord with an uplifted hand. Our father, Lord, you are great and you are wonderful. And Lord, we sing songs of praise to you. Just just knowing that you are the creator. And Lord, not only are you the creator, but you are also our savior. You came down and a man gave your life for our sins. Lord, we are grateful. Father, these prayer requests, we bring them before you in this name of Jesus Christ and ask that you would provide healing of the soul through the for the one who is has wayward thoughts, Lord, and and would want to take her own life. And Lord, for the the sister that her husband's in a dire condition and Lord, she's looking for a place to fellowship. Father, we ask for mercy on her husband. If it be in your will, Lord, terminal illness is nothing for you. That that you would heal him. And Father, that you would give her a place of fellowship, whether it be here or somewhere else, a place where she would be happy, Father, and a place where she could draw closer to you, Brother Lyle. Father, we we pray for his son that puts in their prayer requests and ask that you would heal his hand, Father. May it may it heal quickly. And Lord, we pray for Sister Mercy, 97 years old. Father, I got a grandma that's about that age and it's it's it's a hard time because the body, Lord, there's pain and there's difficult times, but pray for her on her birthday, Lord, that you would encourage your heart. And every hand that was raised, Lord, we raised our hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Now Lord, we place it into your hands and we ask these things again in the name of our savior, name above every name, name of our lord and savior Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] as brother Dan was talking about our prayer request and just brought me to mind of the the young man that told his dad, he says, "I I think if you'll give me my my portion, I'd like to go out and and live my life." And dad said, "Here, take your portions." And it wasn't too long after that that he was found himself in a place he never thought he would be. Amen. But this was also as I was thinking of that but his father was looking down the road waiting for his return because when he started returning it says his father was looking at him coming. So he was expecting him to come back. When the son come back he came back in a whole different attitude. Lord I've I've made a mess in my life. I'm not even worthy to be called your son again. And he said no you're still my son. We may may make us make a mistake and we make a mess in our lives, but he won't turn you down. Amen. I appreciate that. Amen. Reach out and touch the Lord while he's passing by. Sometimes we put them too far away, but he's willing to draw close. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he go. Maybe reach out this way right now. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He's passing by this moment. your needs to supply. Reach out the Lord as he goes by because touching Jesus is all that really matters before our brother Lyall comes up. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matterers. Then your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch it. Just believe when you call on his name. One more time. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matter. Then your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. up when you call on his name. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. Then your life will never be the same. There's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. [Music] Thank you so much. Is that where we are tonight? believing when we call on his name. Tonight, with the Lord's help, we'll continue our study of David as king. The story segment tonight centers on Abselum's rebellion. It's a tragic story. It's familiar to most of us, but within it, I find a tremendous message of encouragement. We'll be focusing again on the story as related in the book of 2 Samuel, summarizing as well as a fair amount of reading and looking at a psalm specifically associated with this event. Tonight's psalm, though it's one of the shortest, it reflects some amazing qualities of David's character, what's in his heart. As we begin tonight, let's just join one more time in prayer, believing when we call on his name. Lord Jesus, we believe tonight. Help our unbelief, Lord, as we call on your name. Lord, that you'd be present at the reading of your word, Lord. That you'd speak to hearts, that you'd answer questions, that you'd meet needs. Lord, forgive us, Lord, in every place that we have fallen short today, Lord. Keep our thoughts harnessed and focused on you. Thank you for this opportunity we have to gather together, not being forced together, but gathering of free will, Lord, the free will. agents that you've made us that we can be together with our brothers and sisters. How our hearts long for these times, Lord, when we can be together to worship you, to hear from you, to read your word, to sing, to tell you how much we love you, Lord Jesus. We commit the remainder of this service into your hands. Have your will. Speak to our hearts. Draw us close. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. For our opening scriptures on this portion of David's life, let's read from two places in the New Testament. The first is about a similar event or action. The second is about a a state or a condition of relationship with the Lord. First in Luke 19 starting at verse 37, Jesus is traveling from Bethany to Jerusalem. The day is what we call Palm Sunday. He's reached the crest of the Mount of Olives to the east of Jerusalem. And now he sees the city, the temple, the eastern gate. He's among a crowd of people that are cheering him on. And when Jesus was come nigh to Jerusalem, even now at the descent of the Mount of Olives, the whole multitude, a large crowd of the disciples, his followers, began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they'd seen, saying, "Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord. Peace in heaven, glory in the highest. This picture is of modern Jerusalem. We don't have Google Earth that goes back 2,000 years. So, we have to settle for a modern picture. Here's the Mount of Olives. And and this is from a perspective a couple of thousand feet above that. So, you can look down. You can see the Kiddran Valley down here. What will be the Temple Mount is now uh set aside for something else. The wall of the present old city in this area here was the Jerusalem of David. But this whole area of the old city is pretty close to what the area of the old city or the present city was of Jerusalem in Jesus' day. And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, "Master, rebuke thy disciples, teacher, scold your students. They shouldn't be calling you a king." He answered Jesus and said unto them, I tell you that if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. And when Jesus was come near, he beheld the city of Jerusalem and wept over it. The tie-in to David will be clear as tonight's story unfolds. The second portion before we're seated are three verses from Paul's letter to the Hebrews chapter 12. Paul wrote, "And you have forgotten the exhortation which speak to you as unto children, my son. Despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. If he endure chastening, God deals with you with sons. What son is he whom the father doesn't chasen? Please be seated. Last time I mentioned David had been very active in fighting the enemies of Israel after his conquest of Jerusalem and before his sin against Ba Sheeba and against Uriah to help lay a foundation for tonight. I need to go back a little bit before that time a conversation that David had with the prophet Nathan shortly after David had finished his cedar palace in Jerusalem. He's celebrating and he's he's looking at things and he's sitting with Nathan, a prophet and a friend. And 2 Samuel 7 verse one, it came to pass when the king David sat in his house, and the Lord had given him rest about from all his enemies, that king said unto Nathan the prophet, "See now, I dwell in a house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains." David wants to do something for the Lord. not just obey a commandment, but from his heart to do something for the Lord. And Nathan said to the king, "Go do all that's in your heart. The Lord's with you." Just like our lesson on Sunday, take a step, David. Do it. The Lord will guide you. It came to pass that night that the word of the Lord came unto Nathan, saying,"Go tell my servant David, thus sayeth the Lord, shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in?" The Lord goes on to say that he's been in tents and tabernacles. He's never asked for anything more. But then he responds to David in verse 8. Now therefore, so shalt thou say unto my servant David, thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcoat, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel, and I was with thee wherever you went. I've cut off all your enemies out of thy sight. I've made thee a great name, like under the name of the great men that are in the earth. Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people Israel. I will plant them that they may dwell in a place of their own and move no more. Neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as before time and as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people. I have and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. And now the Lord responds to David's heart. Also the Lord tellth thee that he will make thee an house, not of cedar, dynasty. And when thy days be fulfilled, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers. I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom. Speaking in part of Solomon, but also speaking of Christ. Part of what he says pertains to both. Part pertains to Solomon, part pertains to Jesus. He shall build an house in my name, for my name. I will establish the throne of his kingdom forever. I will be his father. He shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I'll chasten him with the rod of iron, the stripes of the children of men. My mercy shall not depart away from him as I took it from Saul whom I put away before thee. This mention of chastening coupled with mercy applies to David as we'll see this evening. And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established forever before thee. Thy throne shall be established forever. according to all these words and according to all this vision. So did Nathan speak unto David. David then worships the Lord. He's he's overwhelmed by these promises to him and his descendants. He wasn't seeking that. This prophecy covered with David's life experiences will help sustain David. Last time we read 2 Samuel chapters 11 and 12 describing David's adultery with Ba Sheeba, followed by his murder of her husband Jeriah, one of his most loyal friends in an attempt to hide his crime. The prophet Nathan revealed God's awareness and disapproval of David's actions. David repented. God forgave him. But the consequences of his actions were still his to bear. Nathan again prophesying now with a message from the same God, the same prophet. And this time showing God's anger, perhaps even God's frustration with David after those promises. 2 Samuel 12 verse 9. Why hast thou despised the commandment of the Lord to do evil in his sight? Thou hast killed Uriah the Hitittite with the sword, hast taken his wife to be thy wife, and hast slain Uriah with the sword of the children of Ammon. Now therefore, the sword shall never depart from thine house, you David, and your descendants, because thou, not they, but you have despised me, and has taken the wife of Uriah the Hitittite to be thy wife. Thus saith the Lord, behold, I who not the devil did it, but I will raise up evil against who? Thee. David, my anointed and chosen king over my people, evil out of thine own house from your own children. And I will take thy wives before thine eyes. You will see this happen. You, David, will be a witness of this horror, and give them unto thy neighbor, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of the son. Thou did it secretly, but I will do this thing before all Israel and before the son. The next eight chapters of 2 Samuel, fully onethird of the entire book is devoted to showing the fulfillment of this prophecy. Remember at age 30, David moved to Hebron from Ziglag and Hebron he was crowned king of Judah. Two years later he was crowned king of Israel and the kingdom was again united. And we read in 2 Samuel 3:2 unto David were sons born in Hebron. His firstborn was Amnen of Ahenowan the Jezraelitis. So this would make him as a firstborn son the crown prince first in line to succeed his father David as king. His second of Abigail formerly the wife of Nabal the Carmelite. And the third, Abselum, the son of Maka, the daughter of Talmi, king of Geisher. Abselum is thus the son of a king and the grandson of another king. As we pointed out last time, Geisher is up here in what is known nowadays as the Golan Heights. It's in yellow there. So, at the time that David took over the throne, it wasn't yet part of his kingdom territory. So it's probably a political marriage in part to secure a peaceful border with this part of his kingdom. Well, after seven and a half years in Hebbran, David conquers Jerusalem and moves there. Several years pass. His oldest children were probably about 18 to 20 years old, making David about 50. 2 Samuel 13. It came to pass after this this prophecy of Nathan about David regarding this sin that Abselum the son of David had a fair sister a full sister whose name was Tamar and Amnen the firstborn son of David loved her. Jonadab Amnen's cousin a son of one of David's brothers suggest to Amnen a way to get alone with Tamar. Verse six. So Amnen lay down and made himself sick. And when the king David was come to see him, Amnen said unto the king, "Oh dad, I I pray thee, let let tomorrow my sister come and make me a couple of cakes in my sight that I may eat at her hand." David sent home to tomorrow, saying, "Go now to thy brother Amnen's house, and dress himat, make him a meal, a grain meal, maybe some nice pastries." She goes, she prepares a meal for him. Amnen sends everyone else away and forces himself on her. Then Amnen hated her exceedingly, so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnen said unto her, "Arise, be gone." She goes in complete disgrace to the house of her brother Abselum. Stays in his house. David finds out about this. We're told he's very angry, but he takes no action against Amnen. He's the king. He's supposed to enforce the law. There's rules about this sort of thing. David does nothing. Let's compare these two crown princes for a moment. Amnen, David's son, and Jonathan, Saul's son. Jonathan was at his father's side. He fought for the nation. He was a brave, valiant, and faithful man. When Saul was killed in battle, three of his four sons were with him, fighting by his side for the nation. David's sons, on the other hand, seemed to relish the position of being a king's son. We're told in 1st Chronicles 18:17, "David gave them high office in his administration." I didn't find any reference to any of them ever fighting by David's side and the many battles David fought for the nation. That doesn't necessarily mean that they weren't there, but they are not mentioned. Abselum spake unto his brother Amnan, neither good nor bad. For Abselum hated Amnen because he had forced Abselum's sister Tamar. And it came to pass after two full years, two years after this event that Abselum had sheep shears in Ba Alhazour, which is beside Ephim. And Abselum invited all the king's sons. There you can see Baal Alhazor north of Jerusalem. There's about 15 miles from Balhazor to Jerusalem. Just a nice little town in the Judean hills. Abselum came to the king and said, "Behold now, thy servant hath sheepshers. Let the king, I beseech thee, and his servants go with thy servant." Dad, I want you at my party. The king said to Abselum, "Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable, lest we become a burden to you." Abselum pressed him. How be it, David would not go, but blessed Abselum. Then Abselum said, "Well, if not, if you won't come, Dad, I I pray thee, let my brother Amnen go with us." And the king, knowing Abselum hates Amnen, said unto him, "Why should he go with thee?" But Abselum pressed him that David let Amnen and all the king's sons go with him. Now Abselum had commanded his servants, saying, "Mark ye now when Amnen's heart is merry with wine. And when I say unto you, smite Amnen, then kill him. Fear not. Have not I commanded you? Be courageous. Be valiant." And the servants of Abselon did unto Amnan as Abselum had commanded. Then all the king's son arose, and every man gat him up upon his mule and fled. Well, David soon hears that all of his sons have been killed. Tears his clothes. He falls to the ground. A watchman sees the brothers coming. David realizes Abselum has killed only Amnen. The sons join David in mourning the death of Ammon, David's firstborn, the crown prince, their oldest brother. Nathan's prophecy about the sword not leaving the house of David is already coming to pass. But Abselum fled, went to Talmi, the son of Amahud, king of Geisher, his maternal grandfather, and David mourned for his son every day. So Abselum fled, went to Geisher and was there three years. again goes from Bahazor up there to Gisher. So now it's been about five years since the violation of Tamar, probably six or so years after Nathan's prophecy. David's been king for 20ome years. He's in his early to mid-50s at this point. And the soul of King David longed to go forth unto Abselum, for he was comforted concerning Amnan, seeing he was dead. He's got past his mourning. He's got past his grief. Joab sees David's desire for Abselum, arranges for an old woman to come and speak with David, telling him a tale of personal tragedy about two sons and her family. David sees through the story as a woman presses her case and he says, "Did Joab put you up to this?" And she says, "Oh, I can't hide anything from you, king." Yes. The king said unto Joab, "Behold now, I have done this thing. Go, therefore, bring the young man Abselum again." So Joab arose, went to Geisher, brought Abselum to Jerusalem. The king said, "Let him not, let him turn to his own house. Let him not see my face." He's still an outcast. He's still a murderer. So Abselum returned to his own house and saw not the king's face. And there's a few verses here that tell us that, oh, by the way, Abselum was a really good-looking guy. His hair just knew no bounds. It grew. He cut it every year and got about three pounds of hair. I don't think I can compete. And we're told also during this time that Abselum had three sons and a daughter that he named after his sister Tamar. So Abselum, who walked two full years in Jerusalem, saw not the king's face. Well, Abselum's not too happy about this. He sends twice for Joab to come to him. Joab doesn't come. So he tells his servants, "Johab's barley field is next door to ours. Burn his barley." Joab comes. Why did you burn my fields? Abselum answered Joab, "Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the king, to say, Why am I come from Gasher? It have been good for me to have been there still. I've been back two years, still I haven't seen my dad. Now, therefore, let me see the king's face. If there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me." So Joab came to the king and told him. And when David had called for Abselum, he came to the king. And Abselum bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king before David. And the king kissed Abselum. David thus forgives and restores Abselum. And the next verse, it came to pass after this, I suspect it wasn't long after this, that Abselum prepared him chariots and horses and 50 men to run before him. What's up with this? Wouldn't David have questioned or challenged him about this? No. It was consistent behavior for David's sons, though Abselum probably took it to a whole another level. 1st Chronicles 18 we read so David reigned over all Israel executed judgment and justice among all the people and gives a list of all the officials starting with Joab the son of Zariah was over the host lists a few other officials and the list ends with and the sons of David were chief about the king so they're kind of used to a lot of privilege back to our story Abselum rose up early stood beside the way of the gate. And it was so that when any man had a controversy, came to the king for judgment that Aram called unto him and said, "Hey there, where are you from? What city art thou?" And he said, "Oh, oh, thy servant is from here or there, naming of one of the cities of the tribes of Israel." And then Abselum would say to him, I see thy thy matters are good and right, but there's no man deputed of the king to hear thee. He David hasn't assigned anybody else to hear these cases. Oh, that I were made judge in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cause might come to me, I would do him justice. And it was so that when any man came nigh to him to do obesence and bow down, that Abselum put forth his hand and took him and kissed him. And in this manner did Abselum to all Israel that came to the king for judgment. And so Abselum stole the hearts of the men of Israel. It came to pass after 40 years that Abselum said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow which I have vowed unto the Lord in he. This is an obscure reference. If that number 40 is accurate and literal, it refers to something much earlier. Perhaps when Samuel anointed David to become king after Saul or when David killed Goliath. It can't mean Abselum was in the gate for 40 years because by that time David would have been dead for 25 years and be in the middle of Solomon's reign. So it's not he's in the gate for 40 years. 40 may be a symbolic number suggesting testing or trials. Some hold the view that it's an error of copying is meant to be four years. And in fact, a few early manuscripts say four rather than 40. Four is a reasonable number of years for this to have occurred. Stealing the hearts. I went and checked the Dead Sea Scrolls, the oldest known Hebrew manuscripts in existence. This verse is found in one of those scrolls. It says 40. The oldest copies of the Septuagant, the translation of the Hebrew Bible into Greek done in Alexandria around the 3rd century BC, the oldest copies are from the 4th century AD. They also say 40. Is there something we can conclude? I think in terms of elapsed time since Abselum started to sit in the gate, it's likely two to five years. Maybe four is correct. Abselum was born in Hebron. David was 30 when he moved there. He wouldn't have made a political wedding with the king of Geisher's daughter till he was king of all Israel. So he was 32 or 33 when he married Abselum's mom and 33 or four when Abselum was born. So David is now most likely in his early 60s. Abselum in his late 20s. It came to pass after 40 years, whatever that means, that Abselum said unto his father David the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the Lord in Hebron. For thy servant vowed a vow while I abote at Geisher in Syria, saying, If the Lord shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the Lord. And the king said unto him, "Go in peace." So Absom arose and went to Hebrron. He is in the territory of Judah. It's about 20 miles southwest of Jerusalem in the Judean hills. Notice David is involved in every step of these ongoing tragedies. Sending Tamar to Amnum. Sending Amnen to Abselum's sheep shearing party. sending for Abselon to return from exile in Gisher. Giving Abselum freedom by kissing him. Sending Abselon to Hebrron, Abselon's birthplace for this sacrifice. But Abselum sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, "As soon as you hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Abselum reignth in Heban." With Abselum went 200 men out of Jerusalem that were called to participate in this sacrifice. And they went in their simplicity, their innocence. They knew not anything of Abselum's plan to overthrow David. And Abselum sent for a Hyhel, the Gilonite, David's counselor, from his city, even from Gilo. While Abselum offered sacrifices, the conspiracy was strong. The people increased continually with Abselon. It grew and it grew. There came a messenger to David, saying, "The hearts of the men of Israel are after Abselum." David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem, "Arise, let us flee. We shall not else escape from Abselum. Make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly and bring evil upon us and smite the city with the edge of the sword. Why run? Why not fight? Abselum has a large following. David knows the cruelty of his son. David has a shepherd's heart. He doesn't want to see innocent people in the city get caught up in what would likely turn into a slaughter. If there's to be a fight, let it be outside the city. The king's servants said unto the king, "Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint." And the king went forth, and all his household after him. The king left 10 women, which were concubines. Concubines are wives. They're some kind of a ranking system here. Not voting for New York City mayor, but a ranking system nonetheless. So there's a lesser wife in these polygamous societies. So he left them there to keep the house, the cedar palace that Hyram had built for him several years earlier. The king went forth all the people after him and carried in a place that was far off. It says far off, but it's still very near Jerusalem. He hasn't crossed the Kidrron Valley yet to the Mount of Olives. So maybe he's a half a mile out of the city, maybe a mile. It's it's not so very far. And all his servants passed on beside him. All the Kathites and all the Pelites and all the Guites. 600 men which came after him from Gath. 600 remember that were with him in Gath and Ziklag and so forth. They've been with David for a long, long time. And they passed on before the king. In other words, it's a kind of a review, a kind of an inspection. David's assessing those who are coming with him out of this city to be certain that none of Abselum's loyalists are among them. and all the country wept with a loud voice. And all the people passed over. The king also passed over the brook Kiddran. And all the people passed over toward the way of the wilderness. And lo, Zadok, a priest also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the ark of the covenant of God. And they set down the ark of God. And Abathar, another priest, went up until all the people were done passing out of the city. The king said unto Zadok, "Carry back the ark of God into the city. If I shall find favor in the eyes of the Lord, he'll bring me again and show me both it and his habitation. But if the Lord thus say, I have no delight in David. Behold, here am I. Let the Lord do to me as seemth good to him." David then arranges for the priests to be his spies to keep him informed of Abselon's doings. And David went up by the ascent of Mount Olivet. That's the Mount of Olives. And wept as he went up and had his head covered and he went barefoot. And all the people that was with him covered every man his head and they went up weeping as they went up. This this is a view of what the location of where David's Jerusalem was at that time. A view from the Mount of Olives looking over a Jewish cemetery that's that's now there. Recall from our opening verses in Luke that Jesus was on the road between Jerusalem, the crest of the Mount of Olives when he wept over that same city. And one told David, saying, Ahyhel is among the conspirators with Abselum. And David said, "Oh Lord, I pray thee, turn the council of Ahyhel into foolishness." Ahyhel was one of David's most trusted counselors whom he often consulted when making important decisions. And it came to pass that when David was come to the top of the mount where he worshiped God, behold, Hushi the Arite came to meet him with his coat, rent an earth upon his head. Hushi is another of David's most favored counselors. He wants to go with David. He is not part of the conspiracy. David tells Hushi, "Look, I need you to go into Jerusalem. I need you to convince Abselum that you're on his side and I need you to defeat the council of Ahyhel and then said word back to me through the priests of what's going on. So Hushi David's friend came into the city and Abselum came into Jerusalem. David continues on from the crest of Mount of Olives another mile and a half or so. When David came to Baharim, the same is also called Knob or Noob. You might remember earlier when David got Goliath's sword and went away, he went to the priest of Knob. That's Baharim. This is the same place. It's the road towards Jericho, the wilderness. It's towards Rabba and Ammon, which you might remember was the city where his troops were fighting when he had his affair with Basheba. Perhaps this is also a reminder to him of why all this is happening. Behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul, whose name was Shami, the son of Gera. He came forth and cursed still as he came, not Gera, but Gera, sorry. And he cast stones at David. and at all the servants of King David and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left. And thus said Shimmy when he cursed, "Come out, come out, thou bloody man, thou men of Balile. The Lord hath returned upon thee all the all the blood of the house of Saul, in whosestead thou hast reigned, and the Lord hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of Abselum thy son. and behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man." Then said Abashi, the son of Zariah, unto the king, Joab's brother, "Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? Let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head." And the king said, "What have I to do with you, you sons of Zariah? Let him curse because the Lord hath said unto him, Curse David. Who shall then say, Why hast thou done so? David said to Abishai, and to all his servants, Behold, my son, which came forth out of my bowels, seeketh my life. How much more now may this Benjamite do it. Let him alone. Let him curse. The Lord hath bidden him. It may be the Lord will look upon mine affliction and that the Lord will requite me good for his cursing this day. Perhaps the Lord will see how I'm treating him and will reward me with good. I can use some good about now. And as David and his men went by the way, Shme went along on the hillside over against him and cursed as he went and threw stones at him and cast dust. And the king and all the people that were with him came weary and refreshed themselves there in Baharim just two miles outside Jerusalem. Brother Brandham talks about this event. Want to read you a little thing that he said from the identified Christ of all ages in 1964. But yet look at David when he was going out exiled from his own people a rejected king. His own daughter had been ravished by her brother and the other brothers had killed him. And here he was. Abselum had raised up, separated the army, causing revolution. David, his own father, was excommunicated, taken away, rejected by his people, going out of the city. A little crippled-like fellow dragon along there making fun of him, spitting on him. That guard pulled his sword, said, "I'll let that dog's head stay on him, spitting on my king." David said, "Let him alone. God told him to do that." No doubt David didn't know what he was doing. Walked up the same Mount of Olives there and looked down weeping, a rejected king where a few hundred years after that Jesus Christ sat on the same mountain, the son of David, weeping as a rejected king, they spit on him also. Back to 2 Samuel. Abselum and all the people, the men of Israel came to Jerusalem and Ahel, the counselor that supported the rebellion, came with him. Abselum enters the city and sees Hushi, the counselor that David sent and challenges him, "How come you're not with your friend? How come you're not with David? What are you doing here?" Hishi says, "Abselum, God has made you king. The people have selected you as king. My role is to serve the king. I'm on your side. So he convinces Abselum that he's on his side. Then Abselum said to Hyhel, "I give counsel among you what we shall do." And Ahyhel said to Abselum, "Go in unto thy father's concubines, the 10 wives which he hath left to keep the house, and all Israel shall hear that thou art aboard of thy father. And then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong, and anyone who remains with you after this is fully committed to the rebellion." So they spread Abselum a tent upon the top of the house which Hyram had built for David, his cedar palace. And Abselum went in unto his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel. Recall Nathan's prophecy. Thus saith the Lord, behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house. I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbor, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this son. Thou did it secretly, but I will do this thing before all Israel and before the son. The council of a hyhel, which he counseledled in those days, was as if a man had inquired at the oracle of God. So was all the council of Ahyhel, both with David and with Abselum. Moreover, Ahyhel said to Abselum, "Let me now choose out 12,000 men. I will arise and pursue after David this night, tonight, right now. I will come upon him while he is weary and weak. No time to organize resistance. I will make him afraid, and all the people that are with him shall flee, and I will smite the king only. Me and my 12,000 guys will just separate and kill David. I will bring back all the people unto thee. The man whom thou seekest is if all return, so all the people shall be in peace. Without David, everyone's going to follow you, Abselum. Your kingship established and assured. The saying pleased Abselum well and all the elders of Israel. Then said Abselum, "Call now Hishi the Arite also, and let us hear likewise what he says." Remember, Hishi is David's secret weapon. And when Hishi was come to Abselum, Abselum spake unto him, saying, "A Hyhel hath spoken after this manner. Shall we do after his saying? If not, what do you say?" Hushai said to Abselum, "The council that uh Fifthal hath given is not good at this time." Hishai reminds Abselum what fierce warriors David and his army are. And now they're cornered and trapped. They're going to fight so hard. So he counsels delay. Therefore, I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even unto Beeva, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude, and that thou go to battle in thine own person. So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found. We will light upon him as the duke fallth upon the ground, and of him and all the men that are with him, there shall not be left so much as one. will kill David and all his loyalists will smash the resistance. Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city will draw it into the river until there be not one small stone found there. No city's going to harbor him against this mighty army. Abselum and all the men of Israel said, "The council of Hishi the Arite is better than the council of Ahyhel. For the Lord had appointed to defeat the good council of Ahyel to the intent that the Lord might bring evil upon Absel. Hushi then gets word to David and Baharim through the priest's sons to leave immediately. Get away from Jerusalem. They lay out Abselum's plans. David and those with him flee, crossing the Jordan that very night. Ahyhel, seeing his advice is rejected, sets his house in order and commits suicide. David arrives in Mahanim. I'm showing it on the map there. The very city where Ishbos, Saul's youngest son, had set up his kingdom at the behest of Abnner almost 30 years earlier. David is welcomed there, including by some of his former enemies. They bring him food, refreshment. These people are weary. They've traveled under pressure a great distance. Abselum by this time has gathered his army and crossed Jordan. David numbered the people that were with him and set captains of thousands and captains of hundreds over them. David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab, a third part under the hand of Bishi, the son of Zariah, Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of Iti the Gitite. The king said unto the people, "I will surely go forth with you myself also." But the people answered, "Thou shall not go forth. If we flee away, they don't care about us. Neither if half of us die will they care about us. But now you're worth 10,000 of us. Therefore, now it is better that thou sucker us out of this, and you support us from here. Send help if we need it." And the king, David, said unto them, "What seemth you best, I will do." The king stood by the side of the gate. The people came out by their hundreds and the thousands. And the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Iti, saying, "Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with Abselum." And all the people heard when the king gave all the captain's charge concerning Abselum. And there follows a great battle in the forests of Gilead on the east side of the Jordan River. Abselum comes across some of David's army. He flees on his mule. Remember David's sons never seem to fight. Absom's not a warrior. He has his servants kill everybody. His hair barber appointment was probably the next day. He must have had that three pounds of hair up there. His hair gets caught in an oak tree. The mule runs off on these absom dangling from a tree branch. One comes and tells Joab and Joab says,"Well, did you kill him?" And he says, "No, David said to spare him." Joab goes to Abselum and he and his armor bearers kill Abselum. Keep in mind, brother Daniel's lesson on Saul last week about obeying the king, even if he makes a bad decision. What's the right thing to do here? Joab blew the trumpet. The people returned for pursuing after Israel, for Joab held back the people. They took Abselum, cast him into a great pit in the wood, laid a very great heap of stones upon him, and all Israel fled everyone to his tent. Israel in this case is Abselum's army, not David's army. And we're told, now Abselum in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale. For he said, "I have no son to keep my name in remembrance." And he called the pillar after his own name, and is called unto this day Abselum's place. They think where that original pillar was that later there was a a thing carved out of part of the hillside of Mount of Olives that they believe is at that same location. And it's called Abselum's pillar. The one that's there now is from very late second temple period. But he must have done this earlier in his life because we know from earlier that unto Abselum there were born three sons and one daughter whose name was Tamar. She was a woman of fair countenance. David sat between the two gates in Mahanayim. The watchman went up to the roof over the gate of the wall looking what's going on? How is the battle proceeding? He lifted up his eyes and looked, and behold, a man running alone. And the watchman cried and told the king. And behold, Kushi, a messenger sent from Joab, came. And Kushi said, "Tiding, tidings, my lord, the king. The Lord hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee. That was a long run. And the king said unto Kushi, "Is a young man Abselum safe?" And Kushi answered, "The the enemies of of my lord the king and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt be as that young man is." And the king was much moved and went up to the chamber over the gate and wept. And as he went, thus he said, "Oh my son, Abselum, my son, Abselum, what God, I had died for thee, Abselum. My son, my son." It was told Joab, "Behold, the king weeps and mourns for Abselum." And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people. For the people heard say that day how the king was grieved for his son, and the people got them by stealth that day into the city. They snuck in, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle. But the king covered his face and cried with a loud voice, "Oh my son, Abselum, Abselum, my son, my son." Joab came into the house of the king and said, "Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants, which this day have saved thy life, and the lives of thy sons, and of thy daughters, and the lives of thy wives, and the lives of thy concubines, in that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. Thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest neither princes nor servants. For this day I perceive, if Abselum had lived, and all we had died this day, then it had pleased thee well. Now therefore, get up, go forth, speak comfort to the people. I swear by the Lord, if thou go not forth, there will not one with thee this night. and that will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now. Pretty straight talk from Joab to the king. Well, David then goes about getting support for his return to Jerusalem, winning over the army and supporters of Abselum to prevent further bloodshed. She the one who cursed as David fled Jerusalem, meets him as he crosses the Jordan and begs forgiveness. For thy servant doth know that I have sinned. Therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king. But Abashi the son of Zariah answered and said, "Shall not Shimmy be put to death for this because he cursed the Lord's anointed?" And David said, "What have I to do with you, you sons of Zachariah, that you should this day be adversaries unto me? Shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel? For do I not know that I am this day king over Israel?" Therefore, the king said unto Shemi, "Thou shalt not die." and the king swear unto him. Something happens a number of years later, but that's not about this tonight. 2 Samuel 19 concludes with David arriving in Jerusalem. Now, remember, we're trying to look into David's heart, find psalms that are tied to events. Let's go to where he heard that Abselam had been declared king. David then fled the city. He could have stayed and fought, but that would have endangered everyone. And David, always the shepherd at heart, isn't about to do that. He flees the city, but he's getting old. He's tired. He only makes it about two miles to Baharim and has to stop and rest. With fresh intelligence from Hooi, he presses on through the night, eventually makes his way to Mahanim, some 40 miles to the north on the other side of the Jordan River. Meanwhile, Abselam has amassed a huge army from all Israel whose sole purpose is to pursue and kill David. Can you imagine the grief, the pressure, the stress, your own son? And in the back of your mind, or maybe at the front, is the realization that this horror is upon you and those you love because of your betrayal of one of your close associates taking his wife and then intentionally having him killed at the hand of the enemies that you set him to fight. Can you imagine? Tonight's psalm seems to have been written at or reflecting on that specific time. Psalm three, a psalm of David when he fled from Abselum his son. Lord, how are they increased that trouble me? Many are they that rise up against me. Asam's raised a huge army from all over the kingdom to find and kill David. He's fled from Jerusalem. Many there be which say of my soul, there's no help for him in God. Say David's situation, looks hopeless. But thou, oh Lord, art shield for me, my glory, the lifter up of my head. In the midst of my troubles, I will continue to thank and praise you. I will hold to the promises you've given me. Even as I swoon under your chastisement, I cried unto the Lord with my voice. He heard me out of his holy hill. Say James tells us the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. Another translation says the prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective. And now a verse that really gives me pause. Perhaps it gives you pause as well. David says, "I laid me down and slept. I await for the Lord sustained me. In the midst of all this turmoil, violence, passion, angst, David isn't tossing and turning. Worrying isn't keeping him awake. He's not having nightmares. His confidence in the Lord is such that he's able to get a full night's sleep. That speaks to me at any rate. I laid down and slept. I awake for the Lord sustained me. I will not be afraid of 10 thousands, literally of multitudes of people that has set themselves against me round about. This is literal in David's case. He's describing what's going on. Arise, O Lord, save me, oh my God. He's fully aware of the mortal danger he's facing. Thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheekbone. Thou has broken the teeth of the ungodly. Deprive them of their weapons, their strength, their stamina. Lord, you've done it before and you've promised. Please do it again. And verse eight, salvation belongth unto the Lord. Thy blessing is upon thy people. Say love. Other translations maybe make that a little clearer. Salvation, victory, deliverance comes from the Lord. And then David says, "Your blessing be on your people, Lord. May you bless your people." In other words, in verse eight, David is invoking the Lord to bless the very people who were chasing him. Why? Because really, they're his people. the heart of a shepherd, a shadow of what's to come, displaying what Jesus will say in uh in Matthew 5:44. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, shami, do good to them that hate you, pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you. There are many takeaways from this story. the obvious ones regarding adultery and murder probably not a good idea. One that jumped out at me as I was preparing for this evening. David had a promise from God. And he could rest in complete assurance that God would keep his word. He didn't attempt to extract a promise or say, "Well, Lord, if you'll do this, then I'll do that." Remember another part of brother Ryan's message on Sunday about covenants between God and man. God told David, "I'll do this for you." David wasn't asking God to do that. He just wanted to build him a house. Right? If the musicians could please return at this time. In spite of David's sin, his fall from grace, we might say, he still knew he possessed that promise even while being chastised. publicly humiliated, dethroned, running for his life. He knew he was being punished. But he also clung to the promise that the Lord would never leave him, even while he was enduring the disintegration of his household and all that went with it. Chastisement is not rejection. It's a form of teaching. It reminds us there are consequences to our actions and the choices we make. It shows and demonstrates God's love, not his hate. As we read in our opening verses where Paul wrote in Hebrews 12, "And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speakest unto you is unto children." My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth, scourgeth every son whom he receiveth, if he endure chastening. God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? We make mistakes. There are consequences associated with our actions, our decisions. God will guide us if we let him. Will correct us when we stray. If we could close this portion of tonight's service with a song that it seems to summarize David's and our situation. Please stand with me as we sing on Christ the solid rock I stand. Starting with the first verse. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness fails his lovely face I rest in his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale my anchor holds within the veil. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath is covenant and his blood support me in the whelming flood. When all around my soul gives way, he then is all my hope and stay. Psalm three. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I then in him be found dressed in his righteousness alone, faultless to stand before the throne. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground it's sinking sand. The ground is sinking sand. Amen. Praise the Lord. I uh you know those two guys, Hooi and Ahel, they were super smart people. They were the adviserss to the king. And I know that even David, I believe, was a bit intimidated when he heard that Hyhel was advising Abselum. And they both had a choice. They had a choice. Who are they going to be loyal to? Hushi chose David. Hyhel chose Abselum. And even though they made the even though made the wrong choice, God didn't take that gift away from him of wisdom. And he gave the right advice to Abselum. And if Abselum would have followed his his advice, maybe the story would be different. But he followed Hooi who was being deceptive and loyal to David. And Hooi played on his pride there saying rah rah. And when a hyhel heard that um he had taken Abselum had taken Hooi's advice he knew there's no way out of this he killed himself. But wow, um such such wisdom there and these lessons that brother Lyall is teaching us and bringing us through these psalms and tying them to David and his life are just just incredible. Um you know, David, as brother Loy said, he rested in the promises. He he had a he had a promise from God and he stood strong with that promise. I I do appreciate appreciate brother L. I appreciate his his ministry and you know he uh he said he said you know I went to the Septuagent and and brother Lionel he said you're a Bible reader too. He said he went to the Dead Sea Scrolls and he read them directly. How much would you like to be able to read the original Hebrew like brother Lyall? You know, Hebrew, if I if I had this right, and I think I do, Hebrew is the only language that we have record of that went extinct and was resurrected. And now there's a whole country speaking that language, that same language that David spoke in the book of Hebrews. So, yeah, what a what a great lesson. And and what a great friends. Let's not take our brother for granted. We all have different gifts. I have a different gift than brother Aaron. Brother Aaron has a different gift. Brother Lyle brings a a whole lot of knowledge and wisdom to our church. So I do appreciate him. Don't ever don't ever forget that we are blessed to have what we have. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Did you find the words to that? He paid a debt he did not owe. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One more time. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Appreciate brother Coleo making the effort to come tonight. God bless you, brother. Would you close in prayer? [Applause] God bless everybody. Um, I just want to say thank you, Jesus, for this night and thank you for letting us come together and and be able to to worship you and and spend this time with each other and and just feel your presence. Lord, we ask that uh you watch over everybody on their way home and and keep them safe and you just be within their hearts. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. these young man that when he went up to be baptized [Music] said and I I still believe it know it I believe it that he's a young man's got a gift in his life brother Lionel Apple doesn't fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far from the tree is the old saying but I I just appreciate appreciate co I appreciate you appreciate your stand you know you a lot of people They'll they'll come and they'll make a change in their life and then slowly but surely the world starts pulling back pulling back. I haven't seen that in you. I've seen you just kept on going. So keep it up my friend. All of us, we all want to keep it up. Am I Am I right? Amen. God bless you, brother. You have one more to God's hold to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with swift transition. Oh God of earth, unmove concern. Build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging air. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you. What soever years may bring if by earthly friends forsen still more closely to him and hold to God's unchanging Oh to God the unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. God of not this world's future that so rapidly decay seek to gain the heavenly treasure. [Music] They will never pass away. Yes. To God's unchanging hand [Music] to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Amen. You know, when I was growing up, I always sang that song real slow and and I like that, Katie. That's that's a lot better than the way I I grew up singing. It's just a a good, happy song holding to God's unchanging hand. Uh, Daniel, six o'clock on Saturday night. Is that our Bible study? We canceled it. Okay. No Bible study. I'll send it I'll send it out. No Bible study for the youth this weekend. And uh we'll re we'll reschedu it. So friends, God bless you. And uh don't forget communion. We're not canceling that communion service this Sunday evening, the Lord's supper. A very, very um wonderful time that we get to observe. And if the Lord's willing, pray with me um this week. If the Lord's willing, finish my series on Colossians. And um I have something on my heart to preach to start on later, but maybe not this weekend. But for this Sunday, I um working on maybe to to minister on forgiveness and not holding uh any animosity in your heart for anybody, no matter what they've done. So pray with me about that. I think it would be a good subject for communion. I'll I'll continue praying about it and if the Lord changes my mind, I am perfectly happy. I just I just want to follow his leading. I don't want to follow my own leading. I want to follow his leading and not just because it sounds good. I want to do it because it's him. So, let's let's pray in preparation for our communion service this Sunday. pray for each other and uh go in the strength power of the Lord Jesus holding to God's unchanging hand. God bless you friends. You're dismissed. Psalms 34. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radian will never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. This poor man. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. [Music] The son of God. surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Ever glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides near. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. name forever. Magnify, oh magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name for it. Now just our voices. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. Yes. Amen. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. It is my desire that every person that I come into contact with would taste and see that the Lord is good because he is friends. He can change a life. He can change a job. He can change a whole spirit in a family. Maybe he can change the whole spirit in a church. And I would invite whoever to just open this Bible or get down on your knees and taste and see. For the Lord is good. And once you taste it, you're going to want more because it's good. God bless you, friends. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
