################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Put on the New Man Pt1 (Colossians 3) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Put on the New Man Pt1 (Colossians 3): Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnVX-VVv6Os
========================================

that you were drawn a line in sand. I want to be standing by your side and holding your hand. So let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. One more time. And Father, I see that you are drawing, a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side and holding your hand. So let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. So let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters [Applause] see. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. And father I hear growing louder. The song of your redeemed and as the saints of every nation are awaken in the scene. From our hearts comes a name. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. A song to our king. So let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrender in my arms. I surrender to the king. One more time and sing that. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I surrender in my [Music] own. I surrender to the king. Amen. Let the worshippers arise this morning. Amen. Let's stand up. Uh Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed. Amen. Let's Aren't you just happy to be in church this morning? I just woke up extra excited to be here. Don't you just love the Lord? He's just so good. I love you, [Music] Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days, they've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And I love your voice. For you have led me through the fire and on darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. and die in the goodness [Applause] [Music] of all my life. You have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of love. Your goodness is running after it's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. And your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. and I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. He's so wonderful. You may be [Music] seated. In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This corner stone and this solid ground firm through the fiercest droughting storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace. When fears are still, when striving cease, my comforter, my all in all. Here in the love of Christ I stand in Christ alone. Who to talk on flesh fullness of God in helpless pain. this gift of love and righteousness, scorned by the ones he came to save. Till on that cross as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied for every sin. On him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I live. And there in the ground his body lay in light of the world by darkness lay. And then bursting forth a glorious day. And up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory. And since curse has lost its grip on me, for I am his and he is [Applause] mine. Bow with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in death. And this is the power of Christ in me. From life's first Christ to final breath. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever pluck me from his hand till he returns and calls me home. Here in the power of Christ I'll stand. [Music] As brothers make way for the offering, we're going to sing through it [Music] all. I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There's been times I didn't know right from wrong. [Music] But in every situation, oh God gave me blessed consolation. He only gave me trials to make me strong. It's why we sing and through it all and through it all I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Well, through it all and through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. And I've been to a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces. There's been times I felt so all [Music] alone. But in my lonely hour, yes, those precious lonely hours, yes, Jesus let me know I was his own. Oh, and through it all. And through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. And through it all, and through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. So I thank him for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For I've never had a problem I wouldn't know he could solve them. And I knew to know what my faith in God can do is why we sing. understand. And through it all, oh through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. And through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. He's wonderful. I just can't stop saying [Music] it. So, I have a little housekeeping for the kids and the parents. So, we've been getting um some complaints about um the kids and the parents in the lower room not picking up after themselves. There was like some ice cream left and it was melted all over the table and we just want to be a little bit more conscientious about that. There's a couple sisters that work really hard to keep those rooms clean and we just want to make their lives a little bit easier. [Music] Amen. It's really good to trust in the Lord. It's good to be here this morning. It's good to be here to to worship and adore our Lord Jesus. So, we have a couple prayer requests like to read, but I'm like to read the the praise first. Brother Tim Cruz, he put a praise in. I want to thank the Lord for healing my stomach. I got really bad last week and it hadn't been that painful in a long time. [Music] Last time it got bad, that bad, it took several weeks to heal. This time I'm already back to normal. And I want to thank the Lord for healing mom a few weeks ago. She had double pneumonia and had gotten pretty bad. But thank the Lord, she's better [Music] now. Yes. [Applause] Amen. Brother Ronnie Glidewell uh put a request in. Remember all of our family today. My cousin Owen Horton passed away today at 1:45 a.m. I believe he was 67 years old. He had been here in Tucson at a nursing home. Thank you. So let's let's remember the Gladwell family. Pray the Lord will come and comfort their hearts in their [Music] loss. Sister Shirley Moore, I ask please pray for Sister Mercy Srano. Her knee has really been hurting. God bless you. Thank you. And then my brother Chris is asking for prayer concerning health issues. He's trusting God will move on the scene. He doesn't come to the church, but he grew up in the message. uh grew up believing in God and um still trust the Lord for answered prayer. So let's remember that. Let's go before the Lord this morning. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, it's a privilege to be here this morning to call upon your name. Lord, we've sang songs of your goodness, our faith in you, Lord. And Lord, we may not show it exactly, but Lord, there's something deep inside calling upon that deep call into the deep. Lord, these needs that have been written out. And I know, Lord, there's probably some that are in the hearts of your children. Would you look upon each need? Would you move on the scene, Lord, and just undertake for each request, Lord? And Father, as we would continue this service, we'd ask that you continue to be in the songs and and in the worship. And Lord, would you prepare our hearts and our minds to hear and to receive that which you'd have for us? Bless our pastor, Lord. Move him out of the way. Anoint his lips to bring forth that which you have. And father, as we would take the offering this morning, bless the giver. Would you use the offering for your glory in the furtherance of your work in the precious name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. Take my hand. and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. [Music] and take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have [Music] found. Oh, I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. Take my [Music] body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. It's all my soul needs. is all your [Music] love to cover me so all the world will see that I am nothing without you. Let's sing that chorus one more time. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing. without [Music] you and take my time here on this earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. Oh, I am nothing without [Music] you. Amen. You may be seated. The splender of the king and clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. And he [Music] wraps. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. And trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great is our [Music] God. And age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. And the Godhead three in one. Oh, and father spirit son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. We'll sing it this morning. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great and how great is our God. [Music] He's the name above all names and years. He's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Let's sing it again. For he's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing how great is our God. And how great is our God. And sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Sister Angela in your group, if you come as we sing that one more time. And how great is our God. And sing with me. How great is our God. And all we'll see how great and how great is our God. Just one more time. And how [Music] great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great and how great is our God. [Music] [Music] God will not reject your prayer. Rain makes you stronger. [Music] I have never seen the righteous forsen begging for bread and left to suffer. [Music] Have patience. Just wait and see. what God will do. When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will pull you through. Worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship. In your trials, worship. If you are hurting, worship. Nothing matters. Worship. He will hear your praise. God before you save the He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels fighting from all sides. He's leading the way as he the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He walk with you along life's rugged trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. It is important to understand when God is [Music] speaking. Sometimes he may seem to be silent but that is when he is working. So have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will pull you through. [Music] Oh worship we worship if you are crying worship in your trials worship if you are hurting worship nothing matters worship he will hear your praise God goes before he's saying let there be He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels fighting from all sides. He's leading the way as he's the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. Walk with you along life's tril. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Love [Music] yours. I am yours. A love of yours. A love of yours. A love of yours. A love of yours. A love of yours. A love of yours. Worship the Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] How great is our God. And sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great and how great is our God if we could stand this morning. And how great is our God? Sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great And how great is our [Music] God. And how great is my God. Oh, sing with me. How great is my God? And all will see how great and how great is my God. Amen. Amen. He is great and I believe he's here with us this morning. Let's get started. Um let's read his word. Colossians chapter 3 verse one. We'll read the first four four [Music] verses. It reads like this. If you if you then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God, and set your affections on things above, and not on things of the earth. For you are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory. What a promise. What a promise from the Apostle Paul. Let's bow our heads. My father, we thank you for those words. We thank you for worship that we had earlier. Father, how it just we could feel your presence and it feels so good. We ask that you be with us now this morning and guide father my words and may you be glorified in everything that I say and father may you be glorified in the hearts of the audience as they hear as I read the scriptures and and father may it just be beneficial today and our praise may it come up before you as a sweet smiling savior in Jesus Christ's name amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you all. Greetings to our visitors. God bless you all. I um once again, you know, the enemy, he uh he's good at what he does. And this is two times in a row my computer just crashed right when I came to the pulpit and it doesn't it doesn't do this on its own. So I might just have to throw out the technology and just do it the oldfashioned way. There's nothing wrong with that. I I do appreciate technology. I appreciate the um the gifts that God's given us. And I don't want to just put my hand in God's face and say I don't want any of your gifts because many of his gifts are a blessing and I I do appreciate them. First of all, welcome to our visitors. Jonathan and Maddie with Sister Yarro, welcome. God bless you. It's good it's good to see you both. And uh brother from Ohio, right? And your grandson here. God bless you. It's it's good to have you all in service again. Brother Johnny, give us a testimony the other night. Welcome my friend. You uh your testimony was just absolutely precious of how the brother died seven times on on um in the hospital and God had mercy on him and he was given um he wasn't on the wasn't on the list as far as a organ donor. He had liver failure, had kidney failure, and the Lord stepped on the scene in a mighty way and gave him a new kidney, new liver, and now he's with us. He gave us that testimony the other night and and praise praise God for that. Daniel kept saying that. He says, "I'm just happy to be here. I am too. I feel good. I I just I'm so happy whenever I read God's word and especially a scripture like I just read in Colossians chapter 3. What a promise and how how wonderful is God's word. It's just it's tremendous. When brother Tim he wrote the uh brother Tim Cruz wrote the testimony about being the Lord healing his stomach. I had stomach problems my whole life. And it was a service, I don't know, maybe uh 15 15 years ago or so. Just a normal Wednesday night service. There was hardly anybody there. And we prayed at the end of service. And uh I had just had really bad stomach problems. I took tomms with me everywhere I went. I would eat them all day. And I I just had really bad um acid reflux to where I felt like I was having a heart attack. It hurt so bad. And a friend of mine, we were sitting in church. He was sitting behind me. A friend of mine laid his hand on me when we prayed and uh afterwards we walked out of service and his name's Steve Klopp is the brother. He said he said, "Brother Dan," he says, "Um," he says, "When I prayed for you, I prayed for your stomach." He said, 'I believe God's going to heal your stomach. And he did that day. And I've never had bad stomach problems since that time. And it was my whole life. And then then that was more than 15 years ago. And to this day, I am completely healed in Jesus name. So, Brother Tim, praise God. He does. He heals. He's a healing God. He's not a God of the past. He is the God of the present. We're going to hear about that in this book of Colossians. It's u I'll give a little review. We went through Colossians 1 and 2. Colossians is a letter written from the Apostle Paul. Our New Testament is organized. We have the first four books in the New Testament are the gospels. Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Those are uh stories of the life of Jesus. And then we have the epistles from Paul. They start with Romans and they go through second Timothy and those are writings from the Apostle Paul and they make up the biggest part of the New Testament. After that we have the Hebrew epistles starts with Hebrews. So you can remember that starts with Hebrews and then that goes through I believe Jude and those were written to a little different audience. They were written more to the Hebrews. Paul's audience was more to the Gentiles. And then the Bible closes with the book of Revelation, which is very similar to maybe an Old Testament book, very prophetic and and powerful. This book of Colossians written by the Apostle Paul, he was in prison when he wrote the letter and he had not never met many of the people that he was writing to. And he was writing them to them to number one encourage them. But he was also writing to warn them about people coming in now that they have become Christians. People coming in and bringing doctrines mainly of legalism and how those doctrines they don't do any good. They they basically begin a worksbased salvation. That was chapters 1 and two. And to really, I believe, get an understanding of this Colossians 3, I think that we need to go back to chapter 2 to lay a foundation of what Paul was writing. This chapter 3 is a very, very powerful chapter and a very corrective chapter to all of us. Chapter 2 was a warning. Be careful of legalism. And then chapter three, he comes in with some correction. So let's go back to chapter 2 and let's start with verse 18. Chapter 2:1 18 says this, "Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshiping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind." So he's he's warning again against legalism. He's telling them to beware when a minister or or a friend or even a pastor comes to you to impose rules. Honoring certain days like maybe the Seventh Day Adventist saying that you're really not a Christian unless you worship unless you meet on Saturday. Kosher eating the different foods that the Jewish um faith has or it could be anything. You fill in the blank in your life. you fill in what someone might present to you as you come to church that is maybe outside of Jesus. You have to follow this rule, that rule, you have to uh adhere to this type of thing. So, he's warning us about that. And what these doctrines do is they really just they create an elitist they create a worksbased salvation. And yeah, this it legalism really puffs up and people have pride in their way of life. They have pride in their way of worship because it makes them better than someone else. And but legalism really it leaves out the most important thing. Verse number 19. And not holding the head from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered and knit together increasing with the increase of God. The English Standard Version says, "And not holding fast to the head, from which the whole body nourished and knit together through its joints and ligamentous ligaments grows with a growth that is from God." So he's saying, and you bring in these doctrines, you bring in these rules to the in the church, they they stop the growth, and they stop, and you'll watch, they stop the baptisms, they stop the healings, they stop the miracles, things stop when you bring those things, when you introduce those things into a church or a denomination or a movement. Wherefore if you be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why as though living in the world are you subject to ordinances? New Living Translation says, "You have died with Christ and he set you free from the spiritual powers of this world. So why do you keep on following the rules of the world?" And it's amazing to me when I read that that Paul is taking religious rules that were that he was warning or they were already there of of people trying to implement those things and he is saying that they are of the world. So he's saying that hey these are these things that people are trying to tell you to do follow this rule and that rule they're worldly. And then he gives an example. He's saying they say touch not, taste not, handle not, which all are to perish with the using after the commandments and doctrines of men. Which things have indeed a show of wisdom in will worship and humility and neglecting of the body, not in any honor to the satisfying of the flesh. New living translation is says this beautifully. These rules may seem wise because they require strong devotion, pious self-denial, and severe bodily discipline, but they provide no help in conquering a person's evil desires. So, you may adhere to the rules, you may walk the walk, you may talk the talk, but it doesn't do any good in taking that desire, that fleshly, sinful desire that's inside of you, doesn't do any good in taking that away. it just pretty much just covers it. There's certain faiths require certain things that that many times are are very difficult to do. I was in I had a um meeting in Toronto a number of years ago and I went one afternoon I went down to I wanted to see Niagara Falls. So I I drove down there with a colleague and there was I bet you 50 or more hidic Jews. You know the ones that they wear the black clothes and they have the hat and they have the curls that the men have the curls that come down and the women uh have have a certain dress. And I I saw these men and I even told Stephanie when I got home, I greatly admired these Jewish men. I liked their discipline. I thought it was it was it was the coolest thing. I liked the way that they had they had their hair. You know, you can go back to the Bible and and the locks and you you see Samson and his Nazerite vow. I I just I liked their their dedication and their difference from the norm. It impressed me. But that walk that they had and that difference that they they were from the world that was their by their own choosing and according to this scripture from Paul, it really didn't doesn't please God. That's your choice. the uh the Amish they started the faith started around 1700 so so hundreds of years ago and they tried to continue with the same way of life that they did 300 years ago they tried to continue with the same clothing the same haircuts the same horsedrawn carriages and they they were trying to live they are today trying to live in a day that's gone by And I I had a friend that was the pastor of a Amish community. And he used to tell me that Amish is not a religion. It's a lifestyle. And it is a more disciplined lifestyle say than we live. But I don't believe it's more holy. I know the Amish people. I knew this man and he would he was a pastor. He would tell me all the problems. It really isn't more holy to try to live 300 years ago than it is to try to live in 2025. It it's that's that is these Amish people and they are doing that by their own choice and they are really not doing it for God. They're doing it to keep their traditions. There's a a practice in some uh sects of Catholic Catholicism and others that is called self flagagillation. And what it is is, and I'm sure you've seen it maybe on videos, but they'll walk down a street and they'll either be carrying a cross or um just maybe just walking and they'll take whips and they'll beat themselves bloody and they'll be walking down the street and they'll be beating themselves with chains or whips and they'll be bleeding. And they're doing this to try to represent the suffering of Jesus Christ. They and they take that as God's suffering as Jesus's suffering. But that is not what God requires to us to do that. They even go to a verse in the Bible that says that that uh that that that we will take on the suffering of Christ and they interpret that as beating themselves up. Back to that New Living Translation verse, he says, "You have died with Christ and he has set you free from the spiritual powers of this world. So why do you keep on following the rules of the world?" He says, "These these things are worldly. The rules in verse 23, the rules may seem wise because they're requiring a strong devotion, pious self-denial, and severe bodily discip discipline, but they provide no help in conquering a person's desires. Do you think walking down the road and beating yourself bloody that that may be an outward expression, but does that take away that desire for you to to sin? No, it doesn't. That's what you are doing for yourself, what these people are doing. They make that choice. And maybe when they go before God one day, they might say, "I beat myself. I cut myself. I I did all of these things." And the Lord may say that, "No, you did that for you. You did that for your own gratification. You I did not require that. That was what you did. And whether it be following certain rules, abstaining from meats or or a certain dress or whatever it might be, those rules are are devised. As Paul said, they are man's rules and therefore they are worldly. Now we get to chapter three. Paul lays that foundation. But as I said before last week, I said Paul was a legalist until he met the Lord Jesus. And then that became real to him. Did he start living more sinful? Oh no. He started living more holy. Chapter three. in Colossians. If you then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Seek that and set your affection on things above and not things on the earth. Brother Brandham gave a beautiful uh illustration of this. He talked about a pig and he says, "You can take this pig and I I've been We've all seen pigs and they're the nastiest things. I don't know what they taste really good. Bacon. I love bacon." And if there's any Jewish people here, I just read it's okay to eat bacon. Paul said so. The apostle said pork chops are fine, but they're a dirty animal. And you he said that you can take a pig and you can scrub it down and put some soap on it and clean it and spray it off. And he says and then dry it off and and put some perfume on it. Smells really good. And take his little his little nails and and you know give him a a a pedicure and paint the little nails and make him look like just just this beautiful pig. And the first thing he's going to do when you let him go is jump right back into the stinky mud and roll around. And what you do on the outside does not necessarily reflect what is on the inside of that pig. You got it all cleaned up, but it's still a pig. And Paul is saying here, you got to change the whole nature. You got to go to the root of these things. Set your affections on things above and not on things on the earth. For you are dead and your life is hid with Christ in God. Verse number three, you have to die to yourself. That that pig nature dies and there's no more running back to that slop and it's replaced with the spirit and the life of Christ. For you are dead and your life is hid with Christ in God. When when Christ who is our life, I love that part. Just let that just sink in. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory. He's making a promise here. When our lives when our lives die and they were replaced with with Christ's life, with Christ's spirit, then that promise of eternal life and the resurrection and the wedding supper when we are around the table with the saints and eating and and and Jesus will come and he'll wipe those tears away. That becomes that becomes manifest. That becomes real. Now we have a promise when we die. When I die to Daniel Evans and this sinful man is gone and dead and I replace that with this spirit of Jesus Christ, then we have that promise that we will also appear with him in glory. Mortify your members which are upon the earth. Now remember I said he's not a legalist. He's not. But he believes in living a holy life. Legalism and living a good life have nothing to do with each other. Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth fornication, uncleanness, inordinate effect affection, evil concupisence and covetous which is idolatry. NIV of that same verse, that same um verse says this, "Put to death therefore whatever belongs to your earthly nature, sexual immorality, impurity, lust, evil desires, and greed, which is idolatry. So getting rid of sin isn't legalism. Living a holy life isn't legalism. Keeping yourself pure sexually is not legalism. Dressing like a Christian and not presenting yourself to someone who is maybe desiring sexual immorality is not legalism. It's Christian living. What reason is Paul saying these things? Because he changed. He himself changed from his legal ways. And we get caught up. We get caught up with it's what kind of garment you wear or you can't wear these kind of shoes or you have to wear th this certain long pants or short or or you have to wear a dress or whatever. The spirit of the New Testament is to get rid of those rules. But replace the rules with the spirit of Christ. That is what it is. And the spirit of Christ will show you that sin causes damage in your life. If you present yourself in a way that invites immorality, then you'll end up being immoral. And that's the kind of mate. If you're presenting yourself as an immoral person, then that's the kind of mate that you're going to attract. Whether you're a boy or a girl and a man man if you present yourself in an immoral way that's the kind of girl that you're going to attract. Same thing with the girls. If you present yourself in an immoral way that's the kind of boy that you're going to attract. With the boys with the with the men it's dirty dirty language. It could be your haircut. It could be your appearance. If it looks like the world then you are inviting immorality. The first one he says, I want to go through some of these these things that he says. He says uncleanness. The NIV, ESV, and NLT all say impurity. If you could just Yeah, just leave those scriptures up right there. Impurity. And it's like a contaminant in our water. If I want to if I want to drink and this water has a bacteria called jardia in it and I drink it, it's going to make me sick. If it has too much of a heavy heavy metal like maybe mercury or selenium or something like that and I drink I drink it, it could cause cancer in me. That is an impurity that's in the in the water. And Paul is saying here that this impurity that comes in you, it'll cause problems in your life. Inordinate affection. The New King James and the ESV say passion. NIV and the NLT say lust. This isn't the act itself. The definition of lust is the intense desire for something. It's not necessarily sexual. It could be the love of money. It could be the lust of attention. And these things once we Paul says you got to get rid of that. It'll cause it'll cause immorality. It'll cause you problems. The next one he says evil concupisence. I know you know what that means. is the King James. It means the NIV, the ESV, NLT, and New King James. All of the the um other translations I could find say one thing. It's evil desires. Similar to lust, you have to have something that's immoral. So even though you may not be actually committing that sin again, you are still sinning inwardly because you still have those desires. As I said, those people that beat themselves, the people that make such great sacrifices, those those Jewish men with their with their locks hanging down and their hats and the way that they looked, that did that was the outside. That didn't change the inside. That did nothing for the inside. Paul is saying here the inside needs to change and covetous which is idolatry. Another translation said greed which is idolatry. He says get rid of these things. David and Basheba he's a good example. David sees this woman on the housetop and the desire came. He wanted something someone else possessed. He coveted that woman. Then he desired it. He began to entertain the evil desire of adultery and it became lust. And then lust manifested itself into an impure act. Exactly. Right through the line of what Paul's saying here. And then then that impure act was sexual immorality. And it began really with greed that he wanted something someone else had. Listen to this. 2 Samuel 12 verse one. I'll read the New King James Version and we can put the um the King James up there. Then the Lord sent Nathan to David. This is after that he had had that affair. King David with Basheba. And he came to him, the prophet came to him and said to him, "There were two men in one city, one rich and the other poor. The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herd herds, but the poor man had nothing except one little u lamb which he had bought and nourished, and it grew up with them and with his children. It ate of his own food and drank of from his own cup and laid in his bosom." This poor man loved this little lamb and laid it in his own bosom and it was like a daughter to him. And a traveler came in and a traveler came to the rich man who refused to take from his own flock and to give from his own herd to prepare one one for the wayfairing man. So this guest came in and this rich man has all of these sheep and all all of these lambs and everything and he doesn't want to give up one of his. So he took the poor man's lamb and prepared it for the man who had come to him. Prophet tells David this. David, he is upset. So David's anger was greatly aroused against the man and he said to Nathan, "As the Lord lives, the man who has done this shall surely die." The righteous indign indignation in David rose up. I'm going to get that guy for stealing that poor man's lamb, and he shall restore fourfold the lamb because he did this thing and because he had no pity. Nathan said to David, "You are the man. Thus says the Lord God of Israel, I anointed you king over Israel, and I delivered you from the hand of Saul." And then you went and did this. Then David was put in that spot, but David repented. Back to Colossians 3 verse 5. Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupisence, evil desires and covetousness which is idolatry for which things say sake the wrath of God comes on the children of disobedience. So the wrath of God comes upon those who are disobedient to his word and commit these sins. You say, "But pastor, you're saying that David has to suffer that because his life lined up perfectly with what Paul said, that this is coming down, that this wrath of God is coming down on that disobedience." And he says this, "In the you walk, you also walked sometime when you lived in them." So he's saying, "Yeah, all of you You've also sinned like this. And I am saying just like David sinned. There was forgiveness for David. But now ye also put off these all of these anger now and wrath. So he's saying that you lived in those now you've repented. Now he said now put off all this also. Put off anger and wrath and malice and blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. So before before Paul mentions immoral living and now he adds these things anger watch your temper really how can someone any of us lose our temper and really be Christians and I know we're many of us have a spouse and we love each other but that counts for our wives and our husbands too. How can we lose our temper on each others or our brothers and sisters and still be a Christian, anger, wrath, rage, malice. What is malice? It's the desire to cause pain, injury, or distress. Malice, it's the desire. You want something bad to happen to someone. How many of us don't raise your hands? How many of us are guil How many of us are guilty of that? I talked to a guy yesterday who is a very hated person, very hated man because he has done he has done things that we would consider very very wrong. And I remember talking to people and people saying, "Well, you watch what happens to him. He'll probably commit suicide or his his wife will probably leave him or he'll probably fall into sin into into homosexuality or or something like that." I remember because of this man what he had done those sins. I remember Christian people telling me those things. That is malice. I don't care how bad that person is. I mean, even Michael the Archangel was there with Satan himself and he didn't bring a railing accusation against him. That is malice. And even if it's the president of the United States or the former president, whatever it might be, we need to always watch our tongue. Be careful with that malice. Blasphemy. Blasphemy is slander. It's making a false state statement that damage damages someone reputation is what the dictionary says. If you pass on a lie, you're guilty of that lie. This goes for each other all the way down to talking about the president. You see a video on YouTube. Oh, did you see this video? the president's an alien. Whatever it is, did you see this? Passing those things on, blasphemy, filthy communication. To me, this is really what separates a Christian from a non-Christian more than anything else that I know of. To me, when I talk to someone, their language is what gives them away more than anything else. Is this person cussing? Is this person talking about immoral things, dirty things, or is this person talking about the Lord and glorifying the Lord? Filthy communication, dirty language. King James says, "Put off these things." NIV says, "Get he says,"Rid yourself of these things. Get rid of these things that are in your life." Jesus tells a parable. Matthew 12 verse 43 of getting your life cleaned up says this, "When an unclean spirit Matthew 12:43, thank you. When an unclean I'm going to read the New King James uh version. When an unclean spirit goes out of a man, he goes through dry places seeking rest and finding none. Then he says, "I will return to my house from which I came. And when he comes, he finds it empty and swept and put in order." Then he goes and takes with him seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter and dwell there. And the last state of that man is worse than the first. So shall it also be with this wicked generation. What does that what does that mean? What is that parable? What does it what does it represent? I um I put together some uh a prop here. Daniel, could you um move that thing? You know what? Let's uh I I want I really like the young people to see this. Can Can we get the youth Can uh can the kids come up here and let's sit in these first these first two rows? Abby, you start. Come on. Then everybody else follow you. And all the newer kids and and uh Ki Fuji, come up here and and sit up here. Nah. Back there. Yeah. Come on. Come on up. I want I want you all to see this and I want everybody to see it because I think it's a good lesson. Um I was meditating on that. Yeah, there's there's plenty of room here, too. I was meditating on that scripture and I was thinking these sins they come into our lives and and let's say this cup here let's say this is us this is our life and the sins they enter in to our life like this and I'll take these marshmallows and and represent it it's a good representative of gluttony. So we we take this in and he says get rid of malice and rage. Put some rage in there. And then get rid of gossip right here. And you know what? Cussing. Watch that one. Put put that one in there. And okay, I got it there. And I got all this stuff and I want to clean myself up. All right. And I'm I'm struggling with these with these things right here. So I look at it and I say, I got all this sin in my life. I I gotta I gotta change. So I take it and it's like, you know what? I'm going to get rid of this and I'm going to get rid of this and and I got I'm I'm clean now. I'm not doing those things anymore. And you know what? I'm going to wipe it down right here. And here is me. I am clean. And you put it back and you sit there for a while. And the problem is that when you remove something, it creates a void. There's space in there. And that space needs to be filled up. So now it's like, okay, well, you know, I've been living good. And and you know, the anger came back a little bit. And then I cussed the other day and um and yeah, I gossiped about about uh about my friend at work or at school. And then and then uh man, I got really mad. Got mad at my spouse. I got mad at my husband right there. And and all of a sudden, it's all back. You have given your heart to the Lord. You have changed. But now, you know what? Now that I'm I'm I'm sinning, you know, I got some more lies and I got greed now. And let me pick up that greed. Put it back in the in there. And and now you know what? Now, now it's lust. Put some lust in there. Sexual immorality, maybe. And here it is. Now the state of that man is much worse than the original state. Before it was just to hear, but I changed. I went to the altar. I got baptized. I got it all cleaned out and washed out. But now it's filled up with more stuff than it was before. How many have been in that position where I changed my life and I was doing really good and then I just started to backslide. started to slip a little bit and all of a sudden, wow, I am worse than I was before I got baptized. I'm worse before I made this this change in my life. The best way to get rid of these things is you take the Holy Spirit and let's represent this water. This water is the Holy Spirit. And you know what? It's got to fill that void. And you dump it in there. Uhoh. Look at this. I don't even have to do anything. I'm pouring up, pouring my life out right there. And everything just kind of goes away more, more and it takes up that void and pretty soon all of those things. It's not from beating myself. It's not from following rules. It's taking the Holy Spirit and filling that cup up. And before the man got himself cleaned out, but there was nothing in the cup. Quit looking at the sin. Quit focusing at what you do wrong. Quit focusing on, man, I I lost my temper on my wife. I I lied over here. I cheated on my test. I I did I did this over over here. quit focusing on your sin and focus on the Holy Spirit and focus on seeking that. And then look at all the sin. It just kind of goes out. It just kind of bubbles out and you don't even have to focus on that anymore. And now you can't get anything back in there because it's full and it's filled with the spirit of God. You know, you you put some stuff back in there. You know what? It's really easy to get rid of it. But then it's like, well, you know, it's starting to get down. Put some more in there. Keep that cup full. Understood, Daniel. I'm going to leave this to you, bub. It's great to have a son. And more you go to church, the more water bottles you get. No, I'm just kidding. That's a legalist aside. Um but but do you see the glass is full now and before it was empty and he says this he says lie not one to another. Verse number nine seeing that you have put off the old man with his deeds. So you've gotten rid of all the marshmallows out of the cup. They're all gone. And he said now now let's let's keep living right. Let's keep um serving God and let's not lie. Let's not let let's let's just continue to fill that cup up. Go to church, read your Bible, listen to sermons, keep that cup full. When there's a void there, when you get rid of the sin, make productive changes in your life. It might not just be reading your Bible. It not might not be going to church. It might be exercising. It might be helping someone else. It might be calling up a friend and going for a hike or meeting somebody that that just could use a touch. Meet meet for coffee. The men's the men's group met for coffee the other day. It might be working an extra shift. It might be spending more time studying for school. It might be moving forward with a career. But fill that void that was once full of sin that was maybe swiping, wasting your time. And fill it with something productive. Fill that cup with God's work and not with the work of man. And have put on the new man which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him. What is that new man? It's a it's a changed man from the old sinful person to a new creation in God that acts like Jesus that represents himself like Jesus. Brother Bram tells a story about the slave that uh the the the visitor came and he saw that there was this one slave that was different than all the other slaves. This slave he he conducted himself in a different way. So this man asks, he says, "Why is this slave any different? Is he the boss?" And he's like, "No." He says, "Does he does he um do is does he eat different or does does he have something different about him?" The man says, "No." Brother Bram tells the story that says that no, back in Africa before he was stolen and put into slavery, his father was a king and he conducts himself as the son of a king. And that's how a Christian we conduct ourselves as the son a son of God representing Jesus Christ. I'll uh musicians can come can come. I don't I don't want to uh get into the other um the rest of the chapter. But in verse number 17 it says this. And whatsoever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him. So instead of rules about clothing or about food or about drink or about sports or about school, whatever you do inside or outside, you do in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. So you ask yourself, there's a very very easy way to make a decision. You ask yourself, can I go to that party in the name of Jesus Christ? Can I speak about that man at work in the name of Jesus Christ? Can I complain about the guy in traffic in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you hate someone in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you pass on information about someone in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you look at a woman in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you write a Facebook post in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you post an in Instagram picture in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you do can you make decisions when you do something? Are you doing this in the name of Jesus Christ? What does that mean? That means that you are representing Jesus Christ. If I send brother Aaron to go to Phoenix on behalf of the Tucson Tabernacle, Brother Aaron is not going in his own name. Brother Aaron is representing me as the authority in this church. And whatever brother Aaron says goes because he is representing a church. He is the official representative. And when we pray in the name of Jesus Christ or whatever we do, that's why Paul is saying whatever you do, do all in the name of Jesus Christ because you are representing him. Can you sin in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you help someone in the name of Jesus Christ? Can you go to school in the name of Jesus Christ? Always make these decisions through the name of Jesus. Can I do this Lord in the name of Jesus Christ? If you truly pray in Jesus' name, then the Bible says demons will be subject to you. Sickness will be subject to you. Thank you, Lord. If you pray in the name of Jesus Christ, then ask what you will and it will be given to you according to the words of Jesus in the Gospel of John. He says, "Ask anything in my name and I will do it." That's how important that name is. So when you truly pray, whatever you do, whatever you do in word or deed, whatever you say and whatever you do, do it in the name of Jesus Christ because you are representing him. And Paul here is saying everything when you're alone in your private time, are you representing Jesus Christ? When you're at church, are you here in the name of Jesus Christ? When you're talking to each other, are you talking in the name of Jesus Christ? Paul says, "Everything you do, do it in that name." And then you lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And then you bring your loved one before the Lord and they will be delivered because you are coming in the almighty name of Jesus Christ. Paul gives us Jesus gave it to us first and now Paul is reiterating it. He's saying that whatever you do in word or [Music] deed, can you imagine if we really live that way? I want to live that way. Can you imagine, whatever you do, whatever you say that you do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him. That's my heart. When I talk to my wife, sweetheart, I approach you in the name of Jesus [Music] Christ. Might be just sitting around the table and talking. It might be driving to to go to go to the grocery. It might be standing here in front of 150 people preaching about Jesus Christ. Whatever I do in word or deed, do it in that name. That's why we baptize in that name. That's why we pray in that name. And that's why when we pray, we expect to get what we pray for because Lord, I have approached you in the name of your son. Brother Aaron going and representing the the Tucson tabernacle. He's saying, I represent this church. Amen. If I go and I represent you on the field, I go and I am representing this church. But can you imagine really representing a living Jesus Christ in everything that you do? Oh, whatsoever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him. Amen. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus and over every heart and every night. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Think about it. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the sh like before. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by oppression. Oh, I speak [Applause] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is he. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. And shout Jesus from the mountain. And Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Do you believe it? Do you believe in that name? Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. And Jesus for my family I speak the holy name. Jesus shout Jesus shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Let's all stand in the name of Jesus. Stand up. And your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows, burn like a fire. Do you believe? Do you believe in that name of Jesus Christ? Let me quote him. St. John 14 verse 14. Ask anything in my name and I will do it. I don't really need to read from other translations on that one. It's pretty simple. Ask anything in my name and I will do it. And whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus. That name is power. Friends, do you believe if you have a need this morning? Do you believe if we speak that holy name of Jesus that he will deliver, that he will give you the desire of your heart? Do you believe it? It's in the Bible. It's not me saying it. It's in the eternal word of God. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And then that word was made flesh in this man Jesus Christ. And he said, "Ask in my name." Do you have a need? Then lay your hands on each other. The book of Mark says, "Lay hands on one another." If you believe in that name, lay your hands on each other and believe that you will receive what you have need of. Pray for that person that you have your hand on. Daniel, one more time in that in that chorus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Father, oh dear God, you commanded us to lay hands on one another. And Lord, we do this commandment in the name of Jesus Christ. And we claim, Father, we claim those promises for Lord, we are a needy people. And whether it be a sickness, Lord, whether it be a loved one, a family member, a job, Lord, whatever a spiritual problem, whatever it might be, we pray to you in the name of Jesus Christ and humbly ask Lord that you would deliver these promises. And then, Lord, help us. Lord, as I took that bottle of water and I poured it in that cup and the impurities came out, dear God, give us water. Give us the water of your word, Father, that our sins may be washed away. And Lord, let it just be an abundant source, an artisian spring that comes out and it fills up that cup and just overflows. and let there not be any room for Satan. Father, we pray. Father, we love you. And once again, we lift up that name of Jesus Christ and we claim that name. And Satan, you have no part in that name. You've tried to destroy that name for thousands of years, but Satan, you have no part. We are complete in [Music] him. Dear God, we thank you. We thank you for your love. Thank you for your promises. We thank you for your word. Now Lord, I pray for your blessings upon every person that's here today. Lord, none of us are where we should be, but help us on that path. As we are seeking that place, we are seeking that city. Lord, guide us. Our guide our path, I pray. And as we leave, Father, may the spirit go with us, guide us, and protect us. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus and over every heart and every mind. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Cuz I know that there is. Oh Lord, we thank you. Oh Lord, we thank you. Lord, you're wonderful. Praise God. Oh dear God, thank you. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to [Music] break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I speak Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Fill it up. What's that song? Fill my cup, Lord. Fill it up. Lord, we give you all the praise. Keep filling it up, friends. Because we're leaky vessels and it just, if you're like me, it just pours out. It's like I got a hole in my throat and it just it just comes out. But I'm going to keep filling it up. I'm going to keep praying. I'm going to keep reading my Bible. I'm going to I'm going to keep witnessing to others. I'm going to keep helping people. I'm going to keep doing everything that I know how to keep that cup full. And then don't look at the sin. Just let it fall out and wash away. When Satan tries to point that sin to you, say, "Oh, that marshmallow floated away, Satan. Yeah, it was there, but it's gone. It just it just floated off when I filled that cup full of water. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're welcome to stay and pray. And you're Tonight, we're going to talk about what happens when you do cry call upon that name of Jesus. We're going to have testimonies tonight. We're going to we're going to pass the microphone around if the Lord's willing and come ready to give your praise, to give your testimony. This is what happened to me when I called upon that name of Jesus. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life.
