################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - What is in Your Cup?: Aaron Guerra - Aaron Guerra - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-20
Title:   What is in Your Cup?: Aaron Guerra
Speaker: Aaron Guerra
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHVZLhH32Yk
========================================

that I thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay. But from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you my Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay, but from my heart I'd like to say that I thank you. One more time. Oh, thank you my Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay, but from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. Let's stand this evening. Let's make this next song a prayer. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. Love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. Let's try verse one. There have been times when giving and loving brought pain. And I promised I would never never let it happen again. But I found out that loving was well worth the risk. And that even in lossing you win. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love loved him. There's just no one. I could never never I love the Lord. He showed us that only through dying we live. And he gave when it seemed. There was nothing to give. He loved when loving brought heartache and loss. He forgave from an old rugged cross. I want to live the way he wants me to give. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love the Lord. Pass me not, oh gentle Savior. Hear my humble cry. While on others thou are calling. [Music] Do not pass me by. I'm praying. Saveior. [Music] Oh my savior. to my humble cry. Smile on others that are calling. Oh, do not pass me by. Have a few prayer requests this evening turned in. Several. Brother Ronnie Glidewell. if you would just come and open the service in prayer and take these needs before the Lord. Sister Hope Buckles writes in, says, "The Lord bless you. I have a prayer request for Susan Haidider. Her husband passed away on [Music] Tuesday. I also have a prayer request for the family of Sister June Seismore. She went to be with the Lord this afternoon. Let's just remember those two families in prayer. Sister Sharon Sortonson asks that we keep her sister Karen in prayer. So, let's just remember Karen. My daughter has a friend, a little neighbor girl or a girl they've met through a different uh place just a few miles from our house and her name's Aman and she got bit this afternoon I guess by her cat and kind of a little more serious than normal. So, let's just remember her that there's no infections or any adverse effects there. Brother Ed Dooall turns in a request from his daughter Melinda. She was asking prayer for a mother she knows who is dealing with a severe alcohol problem. Her husband asked for the church if the church would pray. They had told me that she was at six times the legal limit has little children as young as three years old. So let's just remember those need that need as well. Sister Ameilia also asks that we keep her in prayer. She's going to be going to the doctor tomorrow and she would appreciate our prayers. Amen. You have a need that you unspoken that you'd want to make known with an uplifted hand this evening. As brother Clydewell comes, let's just sing this next verse. Oh, let me at thy throne of mercy. [Music] Find a sweet relief nearing there in deep country. Oh help my ob me. I'm crying. Saveior, [Music] oh Savior. Hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Thank you. My that's a lot of prayer requests. I could remember them all, but I believe each and every one was given with a sincere heart. And you know, I really enjoy the sermon this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many soldiers we got here today? You ready to be put into action? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Get your swords out. Get ready. We're in a battle. Brother Brandham said there would be battle scarred veterans. How do you get that? You go to war. We're in a war right now. The war before us is do we believe God's word or we not? I believe God's word. He said if we do this, if we present these petitions before him, he will hear and answer our prayers. Amen. &gt;&gt; So if there's any unbelief here, we just would want to put it aside in the name of the Lord Jesus. And let's go to a prayer. Heavenly Father, first of all, we are so grateful we have a place to come to honor your resurrection. Oh God, for that unbelievable gift you did and that sacrifice you made because you loved us and you wanted us to be saved, Lord Jesus, and not be lost. So now, Father, this this same love I pray that you said that would come and dwell in the believer that we would have compassion, Lord, for those that have asked requests for their friends and their neighbors and their their relatives and different ones, Lord. And I myself, Lord, I I have learned to to know the neighbors and get to love them. And and Lord, when when they have a a request, Lord, we we take it to heart, Father, because we care for them. And we're just that way, Lord. We love our neighbors. We love our friends. And we want the best for them. And we know the only way for that to happen is to pres to go before you in prayer knowing you are a kind, loving father that answers the prayers of your children. And I pray we are your children, Lord. I believe by faith we are. We ask now, Lord, that you would hear each and every request, Father, that there would be reports that that these prayers have been answered. And oh God, for right now in the present, we pray, Lord, that you would just come down and and meet with us and and touch each and every heart. Father, give brother Aaron the words that that we need to hear, Lord. That set him aside, Lord. that it would it would not be him to speak but it would be your spirit speaking through him to touch each and every heart for every need that we have to let us be better people to grow closer to you and draw us stronger. We ask now you continue being with us the rest of the service in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this evening. Martha, if you want to come help me do that other song here in a moment. Sing this song as she's coming. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Amen. We can answer all these needs that were just mentioned. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line now. Oh, if you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus main line now. If you want or need deliverance. If you need deliverance, tell him what you want. If you need deliverance, tell him what you want. If you need deliverance, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Amen. This is a song that came to my mind this morning. And I don't think we've ever sang this as a congregational, but this is I want it to be a congregational. If you haven't heard it before, you can learn it. I'm just asking Martha to help with a little bit of the timing on it. But he's made us glad this evening. Amen. I will bless the Lord forever. I will trust him at all times. I will bless the Lord forever. &gt;&gt; I will trust in him at all times. He has delivered me from all fear. &gt;&gt; He has set my feet upon a rock. &gt;&gt; And I will not be moved. And I'll say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my portion deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of Whom have I in heaven but you? &gt;&gt; There's none I desire beside you. and you have made me glad. I'll say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my portion, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. You are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of You are my shield, my strength, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower, my very present help in time of need. He is our help in our time of need. Amen. Amen. Sister Hope, I believe you have a song special if you just make ready at this time. It's good to be back with you all. We were visited uh eight churches in 18 days. Helped six churches with their sound and two or three churches that were um fairly large projects. And so different ones sent their greetings here. Brother Joe Adams and brother Chris Kathy, brother Daniel Andes, spent the afternoon with brother Matthew McFaten as well and many different others. It was just a nice time, but it was also a lot of work. We worked 12, 14 hour days and drove pretty pretty intensely and so forth to get everything done. But it's good to be back with you all. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you, Sister Hope. You can sing this with me. Lord, you are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold. Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And I think I desire compares with thee, Lord. Lord, you are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold. Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with the once more. Lord, you are more precious than silver. Dear Lord, you are more costly than gold. Dear Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares within. Nothing I desire compares Lord with thee. [Music] Amen. Let's stand this evening as we get ready to turn the service over to brother Aaron. This probably isn't exactly a song you would welcome the minister out to, but it was on my heart and I couldn't figure out where to put it else in the song list. So, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Amen. Amen. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessed will prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day rejoicing that will be when we all say Jesus will sing and shout the victory while we walk the pilgrim pathways. Clouds will overspread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sigh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. Sing and shout the victory. So let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the toss of life repay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. So onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. The pearly gates will open. Shall tread the streets of gold when we all get to heaven. [Music] See Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. will sing and shout the victory. &gt;&gt; How about shouting a little bit of victory right now and praising him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I appreciate that. Let's just bow our heads here. Lord, we we're looking forward to that day. We're looking forward to that time. [Music] And as since way back, they've been looking for your return, Lord. But every moment and every hour is just that much closer. It could be later today, could be this coming week. But Lord, let us just be prepared all the time. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So that will not catch us unaware. Lord, thank you for your goodness and your grace, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. It uh Brother Lyle, is it okay if I borrow 15 minutes from your &gt;&gt; Okay. No, we'll we'll do what we can here. Um, I know was talking with uh, Brother Ryan and he said it had been a real real busy week and he hadn't didn't have much time to study. So, he was really going to put in a lot of studying yesterday. In the evening, we had said, "If you get in and you need something to eat, we'll pick you up." and he said, "I just need to get to the to the room and I I just need to seek the Lord." And as humans, we feel unprepared. But we trust in one who knows our every need. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And sometimes you just need one sentence out of something that's being said, and sometimes you need everything that's being said, but God knows how to take care of that. So, I had mentioned on um this past uh Wednesday night in speaking a little bit with uh with brother Dan and and or texting and and uh he was he told he mentioned to me and maybe to Daniel that he was wellreceived um which is much better than not being received. people giving you strange looks or or falling asleep in service or or walking out on you. But you know when you preach Jesus Christ, there is not anything greater than that. &gt;&gt; And I'll speak to what we call message believers. And many have gotten away from speaking about Jesus Christ and but they speak on whether it's brother Brandham or another great teacher and they spend their time on that and God bless each one of those men that God has given a gift to use. But all the honor and glory goes &gt;&gt; to him &gt;&gt; because he was the only one that could give his life for you and me and it'd be worth it. and he loved you and that's why he gave it to you for you. He said and he cried out as a man so he could be we could know he's he could feel the hurt the disappointment and all when he said father if it is if there's any way we can get around this and me not having to go through what I'm going to go through can it can it pass that way but then he says but not my will be done your will be done and I believe and you should believe that he was thinking about you &gt;&gt; at that time and he said I'll do it for that one. So, I had mentioned it on on uh this this past Wednesday of what's in your cup. And um I know how sometimes the Lord lays on something on me and I may question it, but then he'll confirm it. and um sometimes come and sit down with brother Daniel in the back here and we'll just we'll talk a little bit and he'll say that was what was on my heart or that's what I was reading last night. Um you know and it just um I read this scripture and this is what it meant to me and it just it's just a confirmation that God is watching over us. So, this was um it's two little articles that that came up and I I read them and it just stuck with me probably about a month ago and it's it's called um I call it the cup but and I mentioned you're holding a cup of coffee or could be anything in the cup but it's just coffee when someone comes along and bumps into you or shakes your arm making you spill your coffee everywhere. her. And then the question is, why did you spill the coffee? And they said, "Because someone bumped into me." And he says, "That's the wrong answer. You spilled the cup because there was something in your cup. Had there been nothing in your cup, nothing would have spilled." So he says, "Therefore, when life comes along and shakes you, which will happen, whatever is inside of you will come out. It's easy to fake it until you get rattled." And I think a lot of us can say that's true. This is what I intended to do, but this is what happened. So you have we have to ask ourselves, what's in my cup? When life gets tough, what spills over? Joy, gratitude, peace, humility, or anger, bitterness, victim mentality, and quitting tendencies. Life provides a cup. You choose how to fill it. And it says today's today let's work towards filling our cups with gratitude, forgiveness, joy, words of affirmation, resolence, positivity, kindness, gentleness, and finish with and love for others. &gt;&gt; So as I as I was reading that looking at, I said that whole bottom line speaks about Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; who he is. So when I say fill my cup, Lord, I'm asking him to dwell in that place. So that was one day. And then this one came up and kind of tied in together. I didn't ask the Lord for something more. It just was there. At a high school reunion, a group of successful alumni, now doctors, lawyers, business owners, decided to visit their favorite teacher. They chatted about their careers and families. But soon the conversation shifted to life's pressure, stress, and the constant chasing after more. After listening a while, their teacher smiled and said, "Hold on a minute. I'll go make us some coffee." He came back with a large pot and a tray full of cups, none of them matching. Some were fine porcelain, others plain ceramic, few were chipped glass mugs, and one even looked like it came from a diner. And I said, ' Man, how did he know why he was there? Sometimes, you know, you're reading and and I appreciate the way God looks at us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Cuz sometimes we look at ourselves differently. And every everyone reached for the cup. The professor watched in silence. Once they all had coffee in hand, he said, "Notice what just happened. Most of you instinctively reach for the nicest cups, leaving behind the simple ones. It's normal to want the best for ourselves, but that's often where the stress begins. He gestered towards the cups. The cup doesn't make the coffee taste any better. What you really wanted was the coffee, but you still focused on the cup. Then he paused. Life is the coffee. Your job, your house, your income, your status, those are just cups. They help contain life, but they don't define it. And the trouble is, the more we focus on the cup, the more we miss out on the coffee. Remember, happy people don't always have the best everything, but they know how to make the best of what they do have. And sometimes you you look over at somebody and they're always seem to be happy. They always seem to be smiling and they always seem to have joy in their heart and a song on and it seems like now if you lived with him all the time, you'd find out they're like you. They have their ups and downs. When the alarm goes off, it's always too early. You know, it's just kind of those things. It's it's kind of how it goes. But in order to spill something, you have to have something in you. You can't give what you don't have. So it and that's that's just the two analogies I brought him. And it made me think of something brother Brandham talks about. I I I sent that quote. They should have it from 530455. Go tell my disciples. And if they have it there, they can put it up. But I'll start reading it. And we've heard this many a times. I used to say about speaking down here about an old spring I used to drink from it. It was bubbling and jumping and jumping and jumping down around Miltown. I used to wonder why that spring jump. So one day I sat down and was talking to it. Imagine a man talking to a spring. But I was talking to nature who made the spring and I wondered what makes you so bubbly, so jumpy is because that the children come and drink from uh drink from you or I drink from you or something. And he says if that the spring could have spoke back, he would say, "No, Billy, it isn't because you drink from it. It isn't because anybody drinks from me. It's something down beneath me here pushing me and making me bumble and jump and carry on like this. &gt;&gt; So what you got inside is going to come out and and and it could be bubbling joy or it could be something else. So that that brought that in and I was talking to brother Daniel and um it just sometimes he'll he'll we'll go in there and we'll meet and we'll talk about taking care of something in service or whatever or something. Sometimes he'll say what would this mean to you or I just read that what you know and we'll share something with each other and I mentioned to that and I said you know and I looked for the quote and brother Brown says this 20 25 times through the message he reuses it quite often but um they put out a quote of the day and I hadn't looked at it for a while um and quote of the day had this exact same quote the same date and the exact same one I was And sometimes God can say, "Yes, I'm with you. Yes, I'm with you. Yes, I'm with you. Yes, I'm with you." And then he'll ask him, "Are you with me?" Or maybe I'm the only one that doesn't, but you know, but they're the simple things that God does to show you that he cares. &gt;&gt; He cares. And he knows who you are. He knows where you live. He knows you by name. He doesn't go, "Hey, brother. uh no you brother there in the front he says brother Jonathan because he knows you by name he knows who you are you know um and so in looking at that it took me to a scripture and we'll start with that Acts 3 chapter 3 verses 3-6 and I'm just going to take portions we could read the whole story but this is after the day of Pentecost and brother Brandham speaks quite quite a bit uh just in while they're up there in in the upper room waiting. Jesus had told them, "Go up there and wait till you're endued with power from on high." And there's uh what was there 120 in there? And there was probably 120 opinions. Is it like this? Is it going well ask brother Peter? Well, ask soand so well. You know, and they're just And then one would say, "I think I got And brother Peter said, "No, let's let's wait until we know for sure that there's no question." So then that Holy Spirit comes down and it baptizes them. And you could read all through there the first couple chapters of Acts what it does to them. There was no doubt that there had been a change. They had gone into hiding after he had passed away. Now they're in the upper room and the Holy Spirit comes down and they come out and say, "We're going to tell everybody about this." Yeah. So, Acts 3:3-6 and now he's they're walking over to the temple. That's another thing I appreciate that that's in the scriptures. Now that we got the Holy Ghost, we're not going to that church. We're not going to go. No, no, they went back to the temple. &gt;&gt; It didn't take lead them away from that. They went back to worship there, you know. And so, who seen Peter and John? They're talking to that that man that they found on on the side who was lame. And he said, "Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked for alms?" And Peter fastening his eyes upon him with John said, "Look on us." You know, don't hold your head down. Come see who you're talking to. See who's there. And he says, "And he gave heed to them, expecting to receive something of them, something physical, some money, some food, something that he could." Then Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none. I didn't get rich because I got the Holy Ghost. I didn't get rich because I came a Christian. I got something much better than that. I got something eternal out of this. But such as I have, and that's the key, such as I have, I give thee in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk." And he didn't say, "Now, because I'm Peter, I'm going to be the first uh pope, I'm gonna be the best." No, he said, "Because I've got Jesus Christ living in me, and I can give you him &gt;&gt; and he is life." So, you know, a couple couple of references here. Luke 5 37-39. And this is a story when Jesus had gone and and he found the man with the the thousand demons in him, you know. And so after that it had it happened and they cast out. He had cast the demon into the pigs, the pigs, you know. And and it tells you here the people told him, "Leave us. Go away." I I would hope that in that situation I would see God do something like that. Jesus, I would say, "I've got some things that I want out." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if he can do that, he could do that for me. &gt;&gt; You know, sometimes we we we I I saw a miracle happen in this church one day many years ago. I I I was there when it happened. And yet I watched it happen. It was an amazing thing to happen. And yet sometimes I still wonder, God, can you do this? Yet he had shown me he can. He's shown it. How many can testify if you've seen God do something miraculous, wonderful? &gt;&gt; Can he do it again? &gt;&gt; Then why sometimes is it so difficult? Because we start looking at ourselves. So now verse 37, after he had cast the demons into the pigs, they had thrown themselves. Then the whole multitude of the country of the gatherines roundabout besought him to depart from them. for they were taken with great fear, and he went up into the ship and returned back again. Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him. But Jesus sent him away, saying, "Return to thine own house, and show how great things God has done unto thee." And he went his way, and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him. Now what he had in his cup, he took it to somebody else. Not this is my cup and it's precious and God gave it to me and it's for me only. No, what you have now is to give. So the thought is in here, what is in your cup? And sometimes we get more worried about what the cup looks like like the second one was. How beautiful the cup is. I dress like a Christian. I act like a Christian. I speak like a Christian. I do this like a Christian. But what comes out of the cup isn't always Christian. Um sometimes um you know, we'll just go down home here. Maybe uh your brother, your sister, your husband, your wife, your children, whoever does something and they make you upset and something that was in your cup comes out and then you go, "Oh my, that shouldn't have come out." Honestly, it should have. so it can be exposed so you can see, hey, I need some work on this. But also, what if you're around some folks, maybe some of your workers or maybe somebody your co-workers, you're in school, uh, Brother Daniel there with with uh, you know what, all your training and all and um, you know, you being brother Daniel Evans son, I'm sure you you've never caused them any your mom's not here to verify that, but &gt;&gt; never never except when you're awake. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. That's where most of the problems happen. But you know we do have our our days those things do happen and and somebody sees you something happened with you uh somebody speaks evil something blames you something and your reaction to that is it's okay it's all right I forgive you that has an amazing effect it has an amazing effect they have to somebody has to make a decision on how they're going to receive that and and uh and Things happen all the time. We go through different things. Um, you get somebody wants to cut in front of you in line and they don't stop and ask you. They just do it and you lost seven seconds. Never recover them again. You know, sometimes, you know, we laugh about, but sometimes we act that way. But you know, there was one, and he still lives today, who said, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." While he's being tormented, while he's being uh the very ones who had said they were waiting for the Messiah, they had kept the word. They had done all this. They're waiting. And God gives them a Messiah, and they reject him. How could you be the Messiah? He would have come this way. He would have come that way. He would have done this. He would have done that. And you know, sometimes they might look at you and I've done this. You've probably done it. You have a picture of a Christian in your mind, whether it's a sister or a brother, a family, however it is, and this is how they should look and this is how they should act. And you know, I I've said this again and I'll I'll say it again. said it before. The mirror only reflects what is looking into it, what it's seeing. It's not the mirror's fault. I say that quite often. I tell my wife, "Why did you put this ugly picture in the bathroom?" And she goes and looks at and she said, "Because it's beautiful." And we have an argument over it. Every time I look at it, it's not. You know, it's just and and you know, that just brings out something. But you know, Christ looks at you through his shed blood. &gt;&gt; And he sees you not in all your faults, your failures, your mistakes, but he sees what he did for you. And he cleansed you and he washed you and he made you whole. Now, he knows you're going to make a mistake. He knows you're going to fail. He knows things are going to come out of your cup when you get bumped. But he makes a provision for taking care of that. We get very concerned at times of what the outer part of the cup looks. And I know that if there's a dirty cup and a clean cup on the exterior sitting there, I'm always going to go get the clean cup. But I'm talking exterior. And I rarely ever look down inside the cup. I just grab the clean cup, assuming it's all clean. and then I'll go put what I want in it. You can accidentally drink Clorox that way and you'll know when you drank it. Okay? You can end up doing something without looking at it. What is it? And the same thing with each one of us. We should look closely at ourselves. Why did that come out of me? Where was that? And why did it come out? Now again, Peter said, "Such as I have." But about 120 days before that, Peter says, "I don't know him. I've never seen him." Says he even cursed. And he told, "Let's just go back to fishing. Obviously, this wasn't true." And Jesus comes back and he sees he calls his disciples. Now, he has risen. And I love these words. Go call my disciples and tell them, "Oh, and Peter too." Peter also because you made a mistake, because you failed, because your cup got dirty, doesn't cancel you out. God can clean it and fill it with that which is good. Peter who we just went through a the world just saw a new pope and they say well you know Peter was the first and so no Peter was not the pope Peter was a man that needed salvation Peter was a man that needed change in fact after the Holy Ghost fell on all of them Peter and it comes in and and he they're feeding there and they're having and then Paul comes in and the Gala the uh uh not Galatians but the uh what's the other the non-Jews, I'm sorry, come walking in. And Peter gets up and he walks over and goes to the other side. And Paul has to call him out and says, "You hypocrite, you were eating with them a bit ago. And when you see the Jewish brother coming, you ran to the other side." But God didn't send him to hell for that. God just said, "I care for you, Peter, and I straightened you out." So when we come back and say, "Lord, here's my cup. Put in my cup." What would help somebody else? would help me. But I've never asked them for a specific cup. The cup needs to look like this. Just want a clean cup. They all do the same thing. They all hold whatever you put in there. It does. The exterior does not change what's on the inside. But if you pour into a dirty cup on the inside, it changes what you're pouring into it. It may no longer be drinkable. It may no long. So Lord, here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Clean it out. Now, so so he he tells again he tells him, "Go and tell others, show others what God has done for you." And and uh in Psalm 16:2, I I was looking at some scriptures and just just you can't go wrong with the scriptures, you know. I I know that sometimes those that have been around in the message for quite quite some time, we want to hear a hundred quotes. Well, as I was looking for this quote about the the spring water, Brother Brandham quoted it over and over and over, but it didn't change the quote. It was you could have said it once and you said the same thing. I'm not against that, but sometime God's word is what brother Brandon based all of what he said &gt;&gt; on God's word. So I can go to God's word and know it does not fail. Psalm 16:2, "My soul, my soul, thou hast said unto the Lord, thou art my Lord, my goodness extendeth not to thee." So I was looking at that because sometimes in in the translation you look at, okay, what's he talking about? So I looked it up and I'll just be honest with you now that brother Daniel has been using I've gone and looked at him because I've had questions I didn't know what it meant and if you were just taking a moment to look at the okay that answer is that and I'm still a Christian. Oh my soul you have said to the Lord you are my Lord I have no good but you. This is David looking at himself and said, "My goodness is yours in me, not my own goodness." So it it is what he we allow him to put in our cups. Here's my cup, Lord. Fill it up with this, please. Here's my other cup, Lord. Fill it up with this, please. And the Lord is saying, "Why don't you let me fill it up with what you need from me?" Because I I know it. It's kind of like a child wanting this, wanting that. Um, and as a parent, you say, "No, you can't get a machine gun at three years old." But, but, but, but, oh, wait, I'll do it this way. But, grandpa or Papa, I need it. Because mom and dad will say no. And papa just might say yes. But you know, God knows what's best for us. And in Proverbs 18:4, so what comes out, we're getting into a little bit of what's coming out. The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters. And the wellspring of wisdom is as a flowing brook. So as I would look at that, the words of a man's mouth are as deep waters. Sometimes we I to me it's we're trying to impress. We're trying to get into deep things. We're trying to um let me just say a little experience what with I had with a brother who had his arms up high and was talking about his experiences up like this. Never looked down and everything. I had no clue what he was trying to say. Just going down and this that and the other. And he said, "So, brother, what do you think about that? I'll just be honest." I said, 'I think you're nuts. And I walked away. Now, I look back and I say, "Why did I say that?" He was just garbling. Just garbling. Just garbling. And the mountains and the revelation and nothing made sense. And it wasn't until that long after that that this man had just gone out into the world. But he seemed to be receiving revelation from heaven. Wise words are like deep waters. Wisdom flows from the wise like a bubbling brook. Something simple, something sweet. And he says, so I said, Lord, my words don't have to be so deep in the word that nobody can understand it, but it sounds so spiritual, so everybody's jumping up and down and shouting. But really tomorrow it doesn't help you a bit because you didn't even know what they said. And I'm saying that by experience. Psalms 30 verse 5. And I'm going to go to a point with this here. Come in with this. Psalms 30:5. But his anger endureth but a moment. And his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. You know, you can have something um not good in your cup, but maybe it was your cup you said in and this is an experience that actually happened. The mom put some bleach in a cup and set it on the table. And this happened with my father and another brother ministering to a family who had just heard about the message and they were getting ready to move up to South Dakota. And this brother was down from South Dakota. So my dad took him over to meet them. And all a sudden his older brother comes running and mom just drank that bleach that cup with bleach in it. So my dad, I don't remember the brother's name now, but they went over to where he was, and he was frothing out of the mouth. And they had just been telling him about a living God who was the same yesterday, today, and forever. And they both stopped and prayed for him, and it disappeared. And like he had never drank it. &gt;&gt; That's God. &gt;&gt; But you and I can't tell him when to do it and how to do it. We just have to say, "Fill my cup, Lord." &gt;&gt; Because you know what's going to be needed when it's going to be needed. Now, if they would have said, "Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You need to believe this message before we pray for him. You have to have this understanding." The little boy would have died. But if you just said, "I serve a God. I'll show you he's a living God." Now, some of us parents, um, maybe some of these things, especially for those of us raised in church, which most of us here have been raised in church, we've heard the message, we've heard the gospel, we've heard this over and over, but until each one has their own experience, they can't live off of yours. you. Each one has to have their own. My car can be full of t of gas and the neighbors cannot might not have gas or the other way around. And if theirs is full of gas and I try to start mine without it, it's not going to start because theirs is full of gas. It's got to be in mine. Now, I can rejoice with someone because they've got a blessing, but I can't give their blessing to somebody else because it's in their cup. Now, I asked brother Daniel about this, and I'm going to take a little bit of liberty. 1 Timothy 4:1 and it's it's let no man despise thy youth but be an example but but be thou an example of the believers in word in conversation in charity in spirit in faith in purity. So, uh, here's let no one make little of you because you are young, but be an example to the church in word and behavior and love and faith and holy living. And I was talking to brother Dan. I said, could I take that word youth and say someone new in the gospel? And he said, you know what? I don't think that's what he meant, but yes, you could. You're young. You're new in the gospel. And new in the gospel means you've just come in. You're just learning. And you know how you learn? By experience. And you know how you get experience? By doing it. I know I brother Daniel was saying you're about a year away from um what will you be doing? &gt;&gt; I just want to be sure that I'm going to another doctor then. No, just kidding. I I don't know that I want the doctor and said, you know, you're my first patient, but I've had plenty of plenty of schooling till today. You know, today's my first. No. Uh we'll trust that when you when you're ready, you're ready. Amen. But you know, experience means something. Experience means something. It means that you've learned through &gt;&gt; working through it, going through it. It doesn't say only a good experience is good. You learn from bad experiences, too. they learn not to do it again. You know, some of us take longer to learn, some learn quicker, but you do learn. And some of you looked at each other when I said that. But but you learn you you get into class and I had uh my two first cousins I was in high school with with and and being in algebra. I I think I know you've had to go through all of that but I wasn't u aspiring to be a doctor or anything like that. So general math was good enough. Well, I would I we would be working side by side and one of my brother-in-laws, first cousin who also married my wife, sister, brother-in-law, first cousin, however you want to make that. And he would just go, "It's that, it's that, it's this, it's this." And for the next 45 minutes, I was still working on that first one, trying to figure it out. I didn't think it was fair. Okay? But he knew what he's doing. Now, what ended up happening at the end of our senior year and they gave out the awards, his name was called out in front of the whole school. And I'm just going to call him Bob, but he wasn't Bob. Okay? And Bob so and so, who could have been number one in this math thing, just it got too easy for him, so he quit doing him doing it. So he gets no award. And I thought, really to myself, you had the the possibility of being recognized that, but because it was too easy, you got bored with it, you quit doing it. And I thought to myself, don't ever let me be that way with you, Lord. Don't ever let me feel I know it all. I don't need to deal with it. Let me be humble and sweet. just always reminded me that it just just didn't do it. But again, and I'm I'm going to do it this way. Let no man despise thy youth, but I'm going to say new in the gospel. And I talked to brother Dan. He said, "Yeah, use that." Someone in their youth in the gospel. Some of us have been there many years, some are new. Put your arm around them and lead by example. I remember when we first came into the message, all of us thought that we had to be able to preach the message. And if we found ourselves preaching the message but not living the message and they weren't listening to your words, they were watching how you were living. That was what was in your cup. But remember, somebody new in the gospel is also looking at those of us who have been in the gospel longer, have learned by experience, have grown in the Lord. What does our cup look like? If they came to drink out of my cup, would it be pleasant? Would it be something good to drink? Would it be I'm better than you? I'm greater than you. Wait till you get to my status. No, it should be living water in that cup. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, Brother Dan made a made made a a couple of statements or comments to me. He said, "When you minister, um, and and Brother Green used to do the same thing." He would say, "Make sure it's helping. Make sure it's don't don't ever get to a point where you're preaching way above everybody because you're trying to preach your great revelation. give them something they can apply in their life, something they can use, you know, um if you got a flat tire on the side of the road, you don't need a doctor to stop by and tell you what's wrong with your body when you need to fix a flat tire. You need somebody that's got a pump with him, has done it before, something to take the rock the tire off. That's what you need right there. Well, sometimes we want to tell everybody what we know and how much we have when really all they need is a cup of water. And that cup of water would speak a whole lot more than so sometimes it's simple and it says here fathers Proverbs 18:4s do not provoke your children to anger by the way you treat them. rather bring them up in this discipline and instruction that comes from the Lord. Um probably could ask all of you that have were raised in church as a child and your parents sat you in the f right in front of them like where brother John is here. I would be right in the front of brother John and if my head nodded like I was falling asleep. I got one of those right here. Anybody else? To keep us awake. It kept us awake, but it didn't make me want to be around my dad that much at that time. And I understand it. I was not at an age to learn yet. But there came a time a little further down the road that my dad sat down with me, put his arm around me, and said, "This is why, son. This is why, son. Because of this. This is where we learn. This is how we receive. Okay? And sometimes we look at our children. Why are they acting? Why are you acting like that? He goes, because I've been watching you, dad or mom. I've watched your reaction. And if you can do it, I can do it, too. Because that's what came out of your cup. I remember that. I've shared it before. Maybe some of the folks hadn't here. It was we were talking to some young married couples and stuff like that. kind of one of the things we said once you have children if and I know this never happened to any of you it's husband and wife got into a little bit of this or that you know little bit of this or that and the kids saw it and then the husband and wife went and they they made it right in the room and the kids didn't see that. Okay. So I would tell them learn by learning by experience. Make it right in front of your children. Ask for forgiveness and they will learn a lesson from that. &gt;&gt; Now my wife said, "Please don't say that cuz and I said, "Oh, and by the way, it's a lot cheaper because then you don't have to buy her shoes and a new dress." And she would say, "Don't say that because they they're going to think that she's never done that to me. I've made her mad, but she's never made me pay back that way. A restaurant maybe, but no. But see, I get to eat, too. So, it's works both ways. But I I just shared that with a young a couple and all a sudden one day the brother pulled me goes, "You know, that really works. Me and my wife got into a little bit of squabble." And I asked her to forgive me right in front of my son and my daughter. And my son came back and said, "Daddy, I learned something from that. Something good came out of that cup. Something that somebody got a lesson out of." So again, bring them up with the discipline and instruction that comes from the Lord. I I I I say this. I have never been whipped by the Lord. I have never been screamed at by the Lord. I have never been yelled at by the Lord. I have never been kicked by the Lord. I have never been run over by the Lord. I'm just going to an extreme. He has done this a few times, has done that a few time to get my attention, but he's never destroyed me. He's never made me lose my confidence in him. But he has said, "Son, I care for you. I love you. Daughter, this is why I'm saying that because there's a lesson to learn. If I who bared your sins upon my body and I was crucified and do it and I could do this for you, you can do the same." Lord, forgive them. They know not what they're doing. And it it is the things that you learn by experience. Experience is a good teacher. Good experiences are a better teacher. Okay. So again again do not provoke your children to anger by the way you treat them. Rather bring them up with a discipline instruction that comes from the Lord. And when it comes from the Lord, let it be lived through your life. Now watch now, we're not going to be too much longer here. We're coming here, okay? The the scriptures here. Matthew 25:34 to 40. And we'll go through it quickly. Fathers, do not provoke provoke your children. I'm sorry, wrong one. Then shall the king say unto them on his right hand, come ye blessed of my father. Inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was a hungered and you gave me meat. I was thirsty and you gave me drink. I was a stranger and you took me in. Naked and you clothed me. I was sick and you visited me. I was in prison and ye ye came unto me. Then shall the righteous answer him and saying, Lord, when did we see you hungered and fed thee? Or thirsty and gave thee drink? When saw we thee as a stranger, and took thee, or naked, and clothed thee? Or when we saw we uh thee sick, or in prison, and in came and came unto thee? And the king shall answer and say unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, in as much as you have done it unto one of these, the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me. So understand how we treat one another is how we treat God. Oh, I would never do that. But if you're doing to one of his children, you're doing it to him. And how do you know your neighbor is not one of his children? Do we know that? There was a time that we probably didn't look like one of God's children, but somebody reached out their hand to you and I. You know what? On that day, crossing over, your neighbor walks over with you and you look and you're here. Yes. Because you remember you did this for me and I'm here today. It will be worth it all. it will be worth it all. He that's that's Jesus saying what you do unto others you're doing it unto me. So again I say what's in your cup that's what you can give. We judge the cup by the outside a lot of times. It was a beautiful cup that I put this mess in, you know, or I would say the cup didn't look pretty outside, but what was in it was good. And I I've said this, I'll say this one more time, maybe a lot more times than one more time, but tonight, one more time. To forgive is to liberate a prisoner. And to discover that the prisoner was you a prisoner to what you're holding against somebody else. It clouds your judgment. It clouds your feelings. And when you give what's in your cup, they look at and say, "I don't want it." What will you do with the issue, struggles, problems, temptations that come your way? And they will. How many raise their hand if you had some problems, some troubles, some things that if you could do them all over again, you would. But they come your way for a lesson. They come your way to be able to help somebody else through that, for you to grow. God would never send anything your way that you cannot overcome or he won't overcome for you. We are being observed by those around us at home, at work, at church, school, and when we are out and about. You're being watched. Especially you sisters who dress as true Christian sisters. And I'm not your judge. I don't put a measuring tape and said it's got to be like this, like that. That's the work of God in your life. But somebody may look at you and and and you look they look at you and they're going like, "Why are they doing that?" And I've had this question asked, "Can can they even have any fun? Can Can they climb up on the rocks? Can they go hiking dressed like that? How many sisters have gone hiking dressed like you are? All of you came back, so I guess it was all right. But you didn't have to change for that. You were a testimony while you're going out there amongst others. I've told you about the experiences we had when we were up in Yellowstone on a trip my dad took us when we were kids and in I I'm sure it's still the same. You can't stay in a tent because of the bears and we saw some of them and no, I don't want to stay in a tent. There's some big guys there and I heard a lot of them like Mexican food. So, hey, let's let's stop right there. But no, so the man was probably maybe from here to the end of the church. she was building. So, dad went over to talk to him and uh he was from Israel. His English was not the best and my dad's English was not the best. I really don't know how they conversed, but somehow he got to understanding that this man had come back to start calling his brethren back home to Israel. They're re, you know, our Messiah's coming. I'm trying to get them to come back. And this was in 1972. So me and my younger brother get up close and my dad turn around and this is my brother, my son Aaron. And he goes, "Moses's brother. Praise God." Well, thank you, Lord, for that. My other brother, Jerry, and he goes, "Jeremiah, the prophet of God." you know, so it opened a door for him to come over and eat with us in the in the uh my mom was cooking in the tra in the mobile trailer we had and all and she's making tortillas a good old Mexican staple and he says, "Pat the bread from home." I said, "My goodness, is there anything this guy doesn't see?" You know, and we had a wonderful time. He sang some songs back to us in in the Israeli language. the original songs from the Psalms. They had kept it, kept it, kept it and kept it, you know, and there. So, it was a wonderful time there. We leave, we end up at the Grand Canyon. It was a long trip. It was a month trip through Canon and all the way back down. And we come to the South Rim and we go down on a hike, my father and me and my brother. And this man's name was Gideon. Surprising Israeli. Gideon goes together. He's got a hiking hat. He's with shorts. He's got his sunglasses on. We walked right past him without saying that couldn't be G with saying that couldn't be Gideon because he was dressed totally differently. We're dressed the same and my dad is whistling one of the songs that we had done that was a psalm. And Gideon hears it and he hear we hear Larry and he turns around and my dad goes, "Gideon." And right down in the trail we met him again. What identified that? A song that he had heard. Maybe the song your life is singing would catch somebody's attention. Maybe the words your life is living would catch somebody's attention. I never forgot that he turns and he heard I recognized the song. The life we live, what comes out of our cup can be lifegiving. You know such as I have I give unto you. Peter said in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ rise up and walk. Who did he have? Had Christ in him manner of the in the Holy Spirit. The woman with a blood issue, she drew something from God. She drew her healing right out of him because that's what was in his cup. The woman at the well, she drew from God. What did she draw? Salvation. Because the savior was there. What is drawn from me and you? Can somebody re get draw eternal life from you? Can somebody draw uh encouragement from you or will they draw a reaction and says, "Oo, I don't want to be around them anymore." Was a young man that attended the church many years ago here. I got him a job when I was working in the shop. Um and uh I introduced him. They got him the job and all and he was on fire for God. He was so on fire that he didn't work. He testified through the whole day. And I'm glad that's what they hired him for, or so he thought. But then his co-workers becoming started coming to me and say, "You know, the guy that you hired, he's not working. He's telling everybody else about the gospel." So the testimony wasn't working because he was hired to work. So I called him aside and I said, 'You know, they don't pay you to testify here. They pay you to do your job. And if you will do your job, that'll speak louder than anything else because they are complaining that you're not working. Now, he wasn't too happy about it, but he started working. But eventually, I didn't know we didn't see him too much. We we stopped seeing him here in church and his family and all. And one of the young men says, "You know, your all a sudden he was my really wasn't mine when he was being a Christian. You know, your brother you brought, he's drinking more than we are now." I had to go talk to him. I said, "Now your testimony has gone back the other way. Your cup is giving something totally opposite. What is drawing in for me and you? Eden was not just a place where you live, where you work, where you fellowship, but it was an atmosphere, an environment to where growth can be achieved like rivers, um, uh, lakes, like rivers and lakes for fish, soil for trees and plants, the environment for something to live. Brother Brandham said you could offend the Holy Spirit and it'll fly off to the side there until your attitude gets right and then he'll come back. He never said he'd leave you. He said it just flies off to the side there until you're habitable again. So what is that atmosphere? And in um again it says when a star leaves the atmosphere it was created for it destroys itself. He says, "What atmosphere do we keep around us?" Um, I remember doing it. I I don't do it anymore because I'm retired now, but I would decide that I was too tired to get up to go to work on Monday, Sunday evening. And sure enough, by Saturday, this early Monday morning, I was too tired to go to work. Don't try it. I'm not recommending it. I got pulled aside one day and they said, "Uh, we notice you're missing a lot of Mondays." And it was because we wouldn't go home after church. We'd go fellowship and I get to bed at 3 in the morning sometimes. When we were young, we did a lot of those things. Not no more. And you know what? I had to change. It wasn't their fault. was how I was what my cup was giving out. So what is the atmosphere that we keep around us? Or what house will you build me? A beautiful home, a temple, something physical or somewhere he can dwell. He He wants you. Yours is his dwelling place. The scripture teaches it that he comes and he cleans out. And the example he cleans out, he makes the place habitable something. But he doesn't say he automatically comes in. You've got to invite him in. You got to make him welcome in your home. But it's clean. and that one he cleaned you from, he comes back around and he says, "Hey, it's empty. Nobody's in there. I'm coming back in, but I'm going to bring some of my friends." And you know what happens when the party gets a lot of friends? It becomes a disaster. They called us one day out on a job site on a home that hadn't been turned over to the the owner and the young kids of the neighborhood decided to party in there that night. And you know, young kids that are doing drugs and drinking, all that, they're so well behaved. They trashed the house. They trashed the house. Now, if we would have been able to find all those young people and taken them back in and made them clean it, if we didn't change what was in their heart, they'd go do it again. Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. Make sure it's clean. Okay. What's what's in your cup? The o their only time if if his dwelling place is a church, a temple, special meetings, then our only time with him is when we are in those places. If all he does is dwell here at Tucson Tabernacle and he doesn't go from here. This the only time you come meet him, then the only time you're going to find him is when you come here. But he said, "I'll dwell in your heart if you'll let me in and he'll go with you." It's Christ in us, the hope of glory. Then his glory should be within us to be able to give to others. Such as I have, I give unto you. And don't worry about it. You're not going to give it all away. It's an eternal thing you have in you in Christ. You can't run it dry. He never said, "You'll don't use me all in one day because there won't be anything left for tomorrow." He's the unfailing God. He's eternal. And you know when you do something that is what's the right word? Offensive, wrong. And and sometimes it hurts us. Sometimes it things make it right. Make it right quickly. Sometimes all it is is a simple I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know, uh and Some of us know by experience, and probably most of us by experience, when you fall behind on a payment of a loan or something, they add some interest to it. And you're not interested in it, but they are. And you know, it's a dime here and a dime there, but when it goes down to the road, that dime becomes $10, becomes a $100. And pretty soon, the interest is more than what you owe on the loan. I was working with some folks that that happened to when it was all said and done. They owed more than they borrowed, way more than they borrowed because they didn't stay alone. And you know, when it begins to build up, to build up, to build up, then what comes out can be hard to pull it all back together. That's why we have every day we examine ourselves and we look closely and we say, "Lord, what's my heart? What's my attitude? Can I turn my cheek? Can I bless somebody who's reviled against me?" And then we turn it around a little. Can I ask for forgiveness when I failed somebody? Can I humble my heart to say it was my fault? I'm sorry. If the musicians want to come on up here, I think I didn't use all the minutes. So, Brother Lyle, you can have an extra 20 what's in my cup. Lord, show me that my cup. Uh, sometimes, like I said, we we dress the outer very well. We we make sure, you know, the hem length is right. this is a we wear the tie as you know we do this we do that but God looks past that and he looks down into the heart what's in the heart what's the motive of the heart you know and there's a there's a song we're not going to sing this one but create in me a clean heart oh God let my motive and clean out that one and and wash it out and make it willing and wanting to to be if to be able to help. They asked him, "When did you do when did we give you this cup of water?" I don't remember giving you a cup of water. He said, "When you did this to one of my little ones, you were doing it unto me." And when God blesses, God blesses. Shall fill my cup, Lord. Fill my cup. I lift it up. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want. Here is my cup. Fill it up and make me first. I was a woman at the word. I was seeking for things that could not satisfy. And then I heard my savior speaking. Draw from my [Music] shall try to stand now. And we just ask him before my God. I lift that up low. Come and quench with thirsty my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want. [Music] Here's my cup. Fill me up and make me. Lord, you see each one here. I believe each one of them wants to be sure those that are listening in or maybe some that would hear this later, they would examine, they would say, "Lord, I I want that cup to be clean." It's nice to have the outside clean, too, but it's more to start from the inside and let it work outward. Sometimes we get the outside looking so beautiful, we don't have time for the inside, but let it start from the inside and work out. So when someone has need of something, we can be like Peter said, "Such as I have, I give unto you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ whatever it is that's needed, Lord. Father, that that one Lord that would that would come by and say, I'm in the need of peace. I'm in the need of rest. I'm in the need of joy." Or maybe it's I'm in need of just some kind of help. Maybe a strong arm to help me with this. Maybe just to draw close and and sometimes just a hug is enough to encourage someone. Lord, maybe it's $5. Maybe it's a ride home. Whatever it is that can be given, Lord, when you we get there and you say, you know, you did this to me. And we say when when you did it unto these, one of my my own, you were doing it unto me, Lord. Lord, may we be pleasing before you, Lord. And when we do it wrong, maybe we quick to make it right and not let it go on and go on and go on, but quickly say, "Forgive me, Lord, and help me to make it right in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. God bless you. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. Let's stand this evening. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I walk no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. There are millions. There are millions in this world who are craving. [Music] the pleasures earthly things of none can match the oneous treasure [Music] that I find in Jesus Christ My Lord, oh fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I walk no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Oh my brother, give the things this world gave me. Leave hungers that won't pass away. My blessed Lord will come and save you if you kneel to him and humbly pray. [Music] Oh fill my cup Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven, fade me till I want. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make room. Create in me a clean heart, oh God. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a clean heart, oh Lord my God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Oh, restore unto me the joy of thy salvation, oh Lord, and renew a right spirit within me. Create, oh create in me a clean heart, oh Lord my God and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a rot spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Glory restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. I have an anchor in my life holding to the solid rock. I have an anchor in my life. Holding to a solid rock, a blessed assurance that he gave me and I cannot be lost. Let the storms on the water of this life dash above. I'm anchored to the soft rock. Oh, I have an anchor in my life holding to the solid rock. a strong assurance that he gave me and I cannot be lost. Let the storms on the water of this life dash. I'm anchored to the solid rock. I have an anchor in my life, holding to the solid rock, a strong assurance that he gave me. And I cannot be lost. Let the storms on the water of this life dash. I'm anchor to the solid rock. Brother Dan Numer, would you just come and close the service in prayer? Believe they were leaving on a trip the end of this week. So, let's keep them also in prayer. They're to spend some time as a family. So, we appreciate our brothers or trustees and the ones that are helping do all the things around the church. So, let's just continue to keep them in prayer. Prayer request for brother Tom Weathers. He fell and broke his leg as well. Let's just keep him in prayer as well. Brother Daniel, it's all prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're thankful, Lord, for this time that we've had today, Lord, to to spend looking into your word, Lord. And we pray, Lord, that we'd apply what we heard today, Father, and make us help us to leave better, Father. We ask for the different ones, Lord, that are hurting today, Lord. And this one that we just heard about, Father, the brother. Pray that you would be with him, Lord. Touch and heal him, Father. We know that that you have us in your hands, Lord, and just be near to him, Father. Strengthen him. And we pray that you'll be with the different ones, Lord, that aren't here. And the ones that need you, Lord, the ones that are traveling, Father. Just be with each one, Father, as we as we go from this place, Lord. We we ask that you keep your hands on each one, Lord. Touch us this week, Father. Keep us near to you, Lord, and draw us closer to your side. We ask and bless each one as we go. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. As you go this evening, let's just sing when the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. Amen. Greet those around you when you leave. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound, and time shall be no more, and the morning breaks, eternal bright and fair. When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore, and the ro is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there on that bright and cloudless morning. When the dead in Christ shall rise and the glory of his resurrection share. When his chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the skies and the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there when the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Let us labor for the master from the dawn till setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. When will all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll yonder I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there by and by. When morning comes, when all the saints of God are gather home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome, we will understand it better. By and by, oh by and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gather home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. We are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Somber skies and howling tempest off succeed up bright sunshine. In that land of perfect day when the mists have rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. Oh by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by. We are often destitute of the things that life demands. want of food and want of shelter thirsty hills and barren lands. We are trusting in the Lord and according to his word we will understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. Trials mark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God would lead us to that blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we die. We will understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. Temptations, hidden snares often take us unawares. And our hearts are made to bleed for some thoughtless word or deed. And we wonder why the test when we try to do our best, but we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by. in the Lord. When all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better. By and by, oh by and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice as I journey through the land. singing as I go. Torn souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on through him I must win. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there. Sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift. There's all pass at last ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life. Satan snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead, leads where every time. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last, ever to rejoice when look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand outstretched toward the valley low. guiding me. I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory that he lift up. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice when before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last. Ever to rejoice. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
