################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - The Life of David Pt4 Lyle Johnson - Brother Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-16
Title:   The Life of David Pt4: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Brother Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHsMxIITtZg
========================================

is yours with praise. I will say his name that the Lord have made. I will rejoice for he have made me glad. He has made me glad. He have made me glad. I will rejoice for he have made me glad. He hath made me glad. Yes, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. He has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. When he makes you glad, that's an eternal glad. It's not just good for one day. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this this [Music] evening. We uh trust in his goodness and his grace, you know, but it's no secret of what God can do. It shouldn't be a secret to us. We should be we should have such a relationship with him and and that it's not a surprise when he comes down in the cool of the evening and he wants to fellowship with us. Amen. There's no secret what God can do. What he's done for us, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. One more time. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for us, he will do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God just couldn't play that one more time as I was singing that song. It is no secret what God can do. It should be manifested in your life. It should be advertised through your life what God can do. I used to be this but by the grace of God today on this. I used to have this. I used to go but by the grace of God and you should be able to share with what he did for you. He can do for someone. He'll pardon you. It is no secret. Let's just sing that one more time. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for us, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is so seeking what God can do. [Music] Great is thy [Music] faithfulness. Great is his faithfulness. Sometimes you might feel like, Lord, do you even know where I'm at? What I'm doing? And he can open the Bible and take you right to your name. It says, "House of Aaron, I have kept thee. I have blessed." You close the Bible and say, "Yes, Lord." You know, great is thy faithful, oh God, my father. There is no shadow of turning with fear. Thou changest not thy compassions they fail not cuz thou has been them forever will be. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand has proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Summer and winter and springtime and harst, sun, moon, and stars in their courses above. Join with all major in manifold with peace to thy great faithfulness, mercy and love. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand has proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, to me. Pardon for sin and a peace that enduring thine own dear presence to children to God. Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. Blessings all mine with 10,000 beside. Great is our faithfulness. Great is our faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand have proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hands have proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. [Music] Sister Amelia says, "Thank the Lord. All is well. Not doesn't have to have the knee replacement done. After all, they are grateful that the doctors and all the different ones can help and do what they do, but there ain't nobody that can do what he can do." You know, you can be without you can be missing a body part and he can he can cause that thing to he can make it whole. You could be three three days in the tomb and he'll say come forth like he did with Lazarus like he did himself. Lord, what a blessing to get to know him. Amen. We appreciate his goodness. If you do have a prayer request, something before the Lord, Lord, you know what this need is. You know what my heart is. And sometimes you you don't have the words, you know, but there's something there, Lord. So, as as we bow our heads and just bring that need and and you know, maybe today you don't have a need, but consider someone else. Say, Lord, my friend, my family, somebody could use. Let's just bow our heads. Lord, we we just sing this song. Great is thy faithfulness. Lord, there's no shadow of turning in you, Lord. You never had to stop and say, "Let me reconsider this. Let me look at it from a different angle. Let me study it some and see what we can do about this, Lord, but it's already been provided." When you cried out, "It is finished." Lord, you knew everything had come to be fulfilled, Lord. Every promise, Lord, you saw each hand raised, Lord. You You know that those may be listening in this evening, Lord, and have a need. Lord, would you minister to them personally, Lord? Would you go and let them realize, Lord, that you're mindful of them, Lord, in whatever that need is. And as brother Lyall prepares to minister this evening, Lord, may you just give them that assurance even right now, Lord. As we appreciate your goodness in your grace, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Brother Jordan has a a song special and I think something he wanted to share and he mentioned that yesterday. And let's just sing as he they're getting ready. Greater than all my [Music] sin. Greater than all my sin is the blood that still [Music] cleanses. Is the grace that still set me free. to praise [Music] him. I know the blood of light. Walking in newness of love. I cannot fall is greater than all. The blood of the lamb. Just one more time. Greater than all my sins is the blood that still cleanses me. Grace that still sets me free to praise him. [Music] I know the blood of walking in newness of love. I cannot fall straighter than all the blood of the [Music] lamb. Amen. I guess I should spe clarify a little bit. I wouldn't consider it a special song. We could call it a congregational special. About a year ago, I told brother Daniel, I said, "I've got a lot on my plate with things and I don't need to necessarily song lead unless, you know, there's a need and I need to be a help in that regards." And so, but occasionally I have a song that's on my heart and it's not to so much sing it as a song special, but to sing it as congregational. So, if you know these songs, feel free to join in. [Music] Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Oh, hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. There's a blessed time that's coming coming soon. It may be evening, morning, or at noon. The wedding of the bride, united with the groom. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Oh, hell the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Are you ready? Should the savior call today? Would Jesus say, "Well done." Or go away. My home is for the pure. The vile can never stay. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. comes. He's coming in power. All hell the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh my brother, are you ready for that call to crown your savior, king, and lord of all? The kingdoms of this world shall soon be before him fall. I shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. All hell blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Amen. As brother Jordan was singing that song, I was just thinking, we shall say the king. And right now when the king is crowned, there's just so many people all around looking at him. But really, how many of them know the king? They know who the king is. The king looks over them, but that's about they give. But do you know the king? Do you know his name on that day? He's going to call you by name because you're precious in his sight. Just a thought that came to me. Can you imagine be before the King of Kings and he calls you, "Hey, Daniel, I know. Come on over. Brother Josiah, come on over. Sister Terry, just come on over. He's going to call you by name." What a wonderful thing. Amen. Amen. Brother Lyall prepares to come here. Let's just do that. We shall see the [Music] king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. When he comes, he's coming in power. All hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. I shall see the king. Yes, I shall see the king. I shall see the king when he's come. Coming in power. I'll hail the blessed hour. I shall see the king. Let's stand. Oh, I shall see the king. I shall see. I shall see the king when he [Music] comes. Oh, hail the blessed hour. I shall see the king when he comes. and I'm gonna see him when you see him because we're going to see him together. Thank you so much and good evening. Uh just a reminder, a handout of the scriptures and so forth tonight are at the booth in the back. And uh if if anybody walks through the parking lot and sees a broken mirror on the side of our car, we were driving down from Phoenix after a graduation of our granddaughter from ASU. And yeah, and and and I think a wild cat left a left a rubber mat on the highway and the car in front of us kicked it up and it smacked against our car and and uh took the mirror cover off and oh well. So, we went to the place today to make an arrangement to get it fixed. So, in the meantime, if you see the the internals of the thing all exposed there, it's okay. I know about it. It didn't happen in the parking lot. You may recall the last time we met about David. It was the 5th of IR on the Hebrew calendar, which is celebrated as Israel's Independence Day, Yoma Atzma, the 77th anniversary of the date in 1948 that the modern nation of Israel was declared. and within minutes formally recognized by the United States under President Harry Truman. Tonight is also the 77th anniversary of the date in 1948 that the modern nation of Israel was declared and within minutes formally recognized by the United States under President Harry Truman. Brother Lyle, what are you talking about? The Hebrew calendar is lunar. Our calendar is solar. we put in a a leap day every four years to kind of keep things synchronized with the seasons. Well, when you have a lunar calendar, that doesn't work. So, the Hebrew calendar inserts a leap month uh roughly seven times every 19 years to get things back in synchronization. So, two weeks ago, April the 30th of 2025 was the 5th of IR, but in 1948, the 5th of IR began the evening of May 14th. Tonight, we meet on May 14th. So again, happy birthday, Israel. And why do you I'm sure some of the kids in the audience tonight are listening very closely because they're thinking, "If I can find out the Hebrew calendar date when I was born, I can have two birthday parties every year." Cool. Thanks, brother Lyall. I'm sure your parents won't thank me, but you can thank me. Enough about calendars. Tonight, we continue to explore the life of David in the years before he became king. As we begin our study tonight, let's join together once more in prayer. Lord Jesus, it's an honor and a responsibility to stand here in the midst of people that you gave your life's blood for. Lord, even when we were just your enemies, we didn't know you. We didn't know about you. We didn't care. But Lord, you came and paid the price for each one of us. And Lord, to stand in this group is just such an awesome honor. Lord, I just pray that you'd forgive us each, Lord, of uh sins, the cares of this world. We can just set them aside. And Lord, we can just enter into a spirit of fellowship and worship and love with you. Lord, we thank you for your word. Please be with us. Please continue to be with us. And Lord, just help this Rascal Liyle Johnson to not get in your way. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. While we're standing and for our opening verses, I'd like to read from Psalm 138. It's not tied to any specific event or period in David's life, but it fits the current time of his life as we're studying. It begins, I will. I will. It's my desire. It's my intent. I want to praise thee with my whole heart before the gods. In other words, not to idols. I will sing praise unto thee. I will worship toward thy holy temple. Many psalms talk about this. Psalms of David. The temple didn't exist in David's day. Solomon's temple was built after David was deceased. So, he's talking about something else when he's talking about the temple. I think David realized that God was not contained in an ark or limited to his special sight or had to be in this particular tent or tabernacle. David often spoke of the house of God and praised thy name for thy loving kindness and for thy truth. Recall these attributes which the Lord proclaimed in Exodus 34 6 and 7 which we examined in part two. For thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name. In the day when I cried, you answered me and strengthened me with strength in my soul. You encouraged me, replacing despair with hope and confidence. All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, oh God, when they hear the words of thy mouth. Yay, they shall sing in the ways of the Lord, for great is the glory of the Lord. prophetic words we long to see that day come. Though the Lord be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly, the humble, the meek, us. But the proud, the arrogant, the self-sufficient, he knoweth a far off, the NLT says he keeps his distance from the proud. Though I walk in the midst of, though I am surrounded by trouble, thou will revive me. You'll keep me alive. Thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save, will deliver me. David did not rely on his own strength, his own ability. Neither did he deny his strength or his abilities, but he depended on the Lord and recognized the source of his gifts. The Lord will perfect, will complete, will fulfill that which concerns me. Thy mercy, O Lord, endureth till the end of the service. No, endureth forever. Forsake not the works of thine own hands. Don't abandon me. Please be seated. This evening, we'll be reading a lot from the book of First Samuel. My hope is that we'll be able to complete our look at David's formative years before he became king. We've already established the context of the times in which David lived. So this evening, we'll add a few maps where it's appropriate. We ended uh last time in part three, we started with David being alone in a cave in Adelum. He was alone. We read a psalm he wrote at that time showing his feeling of abandonment. We ended last time with David and his men rescuing the inhabitants of Kela from the Philistines then fleeing to Ma. Saul heard about David being in Ma and took some portion of his army to pursue David. And just about the time he had David surrounded to take him, we read in 1st Samuel 23, there came a messenger under Saul saying, "Hasty, come. The Philistines have invaded the land." Remember, it was the time of harvest. Philistines were trying to weaken their enemy by taking the grain among other things. Saul should have been protecting his borders, not chasing David. Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David and went against the Philistines. Therefore they called that place Sahamak Lot, rock of the divisions. And David went up from there and dwelt in the strongholds at Engeti. Recall a stronghold means a difficult to access place. Um and Getti is on the western side of the of the Dead Sea. There are springs of fresh water there, but it's desolate. This is modern Engeti, a nature reserve in Israel. Looks a bit like portions of the Grand Canyon. The Dead Sea, 1300 ft below sea level, the lowest place on planet Earth that that is not underwater. The cliffs rise some 2500 feet above the Dead Sea, an elevation of about,00 feet. Well, chapter 24, we'll pick up tonight picks up the story and it will inspire another psalm. I'm reading the chapter rather than summarizing because it contains speech by David which helps us understand his heart. And that's what we're looking to to understand the heart of this man that God said was after his own heart. We read in the Psalms where David wrote poetry and songs about this sort of thing. And there are times when he has portions of speech in the text of the narrative that also reveals his thinking, his heart, where he's coming from. 1st Samuel 24:1 It came to pass when Saul was returned from following the Philistines, it was told him, saying, "Behold, David is in the wilderness at Engeti." Then Saul took 3,000 chosen men out of all Israel and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats. Remember, David has at most 600 men. Saul is better armed, has the resources of the fledgling nation behind him, and is going after David, outnumbering him five to one. And he Saul came to the sheet coats enclosures for for sheep by the way along the road or the path where there was a cave. And Saul went in to cover his feet to take a nap to to rest a while. And David and his men, some of his men, they were in multiple caves. None of the caves are particularly huge. David and his men remained in the sides of the same cave. And the men of David said quietly to him, "Behold the day of which the Lord said unto thee," it's not recorded elsewhere. "Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee." Then David arose and cut off the skirt, a little corner of the edge of Saul's robe, privately means secretly, stealthily, unnoticed. And it came to pass afterward that David's heart smoteed him because he had cut off Saul's skirt. In other words, David felt remorse. And David said, I'm sure again quietly to his men, "The Lord forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the Lord's anointed, to stretch forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the Lord." David uses the Lord's name three times, the fact of Saul being anointed or chosen or selected twice in this very brief sentence. He also acknowledges that as long as Saul is alive, David is Saul's servant, but the servitude has its limits. David refuses to cross the line to attack or kill Saul. God made Saul king. It's up to God to bring Saul down, not David. So, David stayed his servants. He restrained his men with these words and suffered them not to rise against Saul. Remember, these guys are rebels. They're wanted men. Saul isn't just after David. He's not likely to show mercy to any of them. This is their golden opportunity to be rid of Saul, to install David as their leader, as king, already anointed by the prophet Samuel to succeed Saul. that David could restrain them with his example and his word speaks both of his leadership and their recognition of it. But Saul, I'm sorry. Yes. But Saul, oblivious to what had happened, rose up out of the cave and went on his way. David also arose afterward and when Saul was a safe distance away but within shouting distance to hear David went out of the cave. David went out of the cave and cried after Saul saying my lord the king and when Saul looked behind him. David stooped with his face to the earth bowed himself. And David said unto Saul, "Wherefore, hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold, David seeketh I hurt." Why do you listen to this nonsense, Saul? Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the Lord had delivered thee today into mine hand in the cave, and some made me kill thee, but mine eyes spared thee. And I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my Lord, for he is the Lord's anointed. In other words, that's the only reason you're still alive. Moreover, my father, not only Saul as king, but now appealing to their relationship, Saul was his father-in-law. Moreover, my father, see, yeah, see the skirt of thy robe in my hand. For in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not. Know thou and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in my hand. I have not sinned against thee. Yet thou hest my soul to take it, to take my life, to kill me. The Lord judge between me and thee. The Lord avenge me of thee, but mine hand shall not be upon thee. David absolutely wants Saul out of the way. He wants his vengeance for Saul's behavior toward him. But there's a red line David will not cross. that is to lift his hand or the hands of his men against the anointed king of Israel. He goes on, "As sayaith the proverb of the ancients, wickedness proceedth from the wicked, but mine hand shall not be upon thee. After whom is the king of Israel come out? After whom dust thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a flea. The Lord therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand." And it came to pass, when David had made an end of speaking these words unto Saul, that Saul said, "Is this thy voice, my son David?" And Saul lifted up his voice and wept, cried aloud, Saul is tormented. He said to David, "Thou art more righteous than I. Thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded the evil. Thou hast showed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me. For as much as when the Lord hath delivered me into thine hand, thou killedest me not. For if a man finds his enemy, will he let him go well away? Wherefore the Lord reward thee good, for that thou hast done unto me this day. And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand. Swear now therefore unto me by the Lord that thou will not cut off my seed after me and that thou will not destroy my name out of my father's house. Saul's always looking for an angle. He asked David to promise to not kill his sons after Saul's eventual death. He's still hoping to establish a dynasty, a a house, and he trusts David to keep his word. And David swear unto Saul that he wouldn't kill Saul's sons or destroy his line. And Saul went home. But David and his men got them up into the hold. David doesn't trust anything Saul says. He's not going home. He's returning to Engeti. David wrote a psalm about being in a cave, fleeing from Saul. It's unclear if this is when he went to Adelim or Engeti, but unlike Psalm 142, which we read when he went to the cave at Adelim, in this one, he's not revealing loneliness. So, I associate this with his time at Enghetti. Psalm 57 to the chief musician als means it set to the tune of a song of do not destroy. A mik a poem of David when he fled from Saul in the cave. Be merciful unto me, oh God, be merciful unto me. Show me gracious favor. My soul trustth in thee. Yay, in the shadow of thy wings will I make my refuge until these calamities be overpassed. I will cry unto God most high, unto God that perforth all things, who fulfills all his purpose for me. He shall send from heaven and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Complete Jewish Bible says he will send from heaven and save me from those who would trample me down and mock me. Saha means think about it. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth. My soul is among lions. I lie even among them that are set on fire. Even the sons of men who whose teeth are spears and arrows and their tongue a sharp sword. Be thou exalted, oh God, above the heavens. Let thy glory be above all the earth. Let thy glory shine over all the earth. They've prepared a net, a snare for my steps. My souls bowed down. They've digged a pit and my path before me into the midst whereof they are fallen themselves. Sa my heart is fixed. Oh God, my heart is fixed, steadfast, confident. I will sing and give praise. Awake up my glory, my soul, my heart, my inner self. Awake sultry and harp. I myself will awake early. I will awaken the dawn with my song. I will praise and thank thee, oh Lord, among the people. I will sing unto thee among the nations. For thy mercy, thy thy unfailing love is great, reaching unto the heavens, and thy truth, faithfulness unto the clouds. Be thou exalted, oh God, above the heavens. Let thy glory be above all the earth. Again, we see how David's plea progresses from a cry for help to a cry of praise. Good example for us. David was not immune from stress. As brother Daniel taught last week about Saul being guilty of making hasty decisions, so does David in this next chapter. In the interest of time, I'll I'll summarize parts of chapter 25. Verse one tells us Samuel died. All the Israelites were gathered together, lamented him, and buried him in his house at Rama. David arose and went down to the wilderness of Piran deep in the south. You can see Rama is this little town that's just north of Jerusalem, maybe five miles or six. And there was a man in Maon whose possessions were in Carmel. And the man was very great. He had 3,000 sheep, a thousand goats. He was shearing his sheep in Carmel. Until last week, I assumed Carmel met the same location as Mount Carmel. Quite a distance outside Saul's kingdom. You can see it in the north. If you're familiar with modern Israel, that's where Kyifa is. And my own is down here well south of Jerusalem. I was wrong. When it says Carmel, it doesn't mean Mount Carmel. If it means Mount Carmel, it'll say Mount Carmel. So where is Carmel? Turns out Carmemell was a town at a crossroads just north of Mahon perhaps a mile. If you step out of this church out of the front, walk down to the corner Grant Road and walk back you've traveled the distance from Mone to Carmel. about a mile, about a 20-minut stroll. Now, the name of the man was Nibbal. The name of his wife Abigail. She was a woman of good understanding and of a beautiful countenance. But the man was chish and evil means he was sirly, rude, harsh, rough, badly behaved. He was this way in his doings. And he was of the house of Caleb. Caleb was a descendant of Judah as was David. So these guys are distant relatives in some way. And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did sheare his sheep. It turns out that David's men were in the vicinity of Nibal's shepherds and they apparently moved together. David's men took nothing and their presence scared away anyone thinking of stealing sheep or stealing from the shepherds. At sharing time, a time of feasting and celebration, David sends 10 men to Nibbal to ask him to share in his bounty. And he tell them that they've been protecting his shepherds. And you can ask the shepherds, they'll tell you that. Well, Nibal will have nothing to do with him. So they return and tell David in verse 12. So David's young men turned their way from Nibbal and Carmel and went again to Mon and came and told David all those sayings. And David, temper flaring, said unto his men, "Gurge ye on every man his sword." And they girded on every man his sword. And David also girded on his sword. And there went up after David about 400 men. 200 abode by the stuff. But one of the young men who worked for Nabal told Abigail, Nabal's wife, saying, "Behold, David sent messengers out of the wilderness to salute our master." And he railed on them. Abigail then very quickly gathers several donkey loads of food stuffs and proceeds to intercept David on the road. Verse 19, she said unto her servants, "Go on before me. Behold, I come after you." But she told not her husband Nabal. And it was so as she rode on the ass. As she came down by the covert of the hill, behold, David and his men came down against came down toward her and she met them. 41 angry men, armed warriors, experienced in battle, tempers high. Now David had said, "Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow hath in the wilderness, so that nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him, and he hath reququited me evil for good." So, and more also do God unto the enemies of David, if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall. David is determined to kill Nal and all the men of his household, of those who belong to him. And when Abigail saw David, she hasted, lighted off the ass, fell down before David on her face, bowed herself down to the ground, fell at his feet, and said, "Upon me, my Lord, upon me, let this iniquity be. Let thine handmade, I pray thee, speak in thine audience. Hear the words of thine handmmaid. Let not my Lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Bile, even Nabal." She goes on to plead for her household, tells David she's aware he'll be king someday and wouldn't want his hasty action of vengeance on Nibal to be a stain on his heritage. She concludes her plea, verse 31, that this shall be no grief unto thee, nor offense of heart unto my Lord, either that thou hast shed blood without cause, or that my Lord hath avenged himself. But when the Lord shall have dealt well with my Lord, then remember thine handmade. And now we see how David can humble himself and accept correction and recognize the hand of the Lord in it. David said to Abigail, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, which sent thee this day to meet me. Blessed be thy advice. Blessed be thou which has kept me this day from coming to shed blood and from avenging myself with mine own hand. For in very deed as the Lord God of Israel liveth, which hath kept me back from hurting thee, except thou hast hasted and come to meet me, surely there had not been left under no ball by the morning light any that pissth against the wall. So David received of her hand that which she brought him and said unto her, "Go up in peace to thine house. See, I have hearkened to thy voice, and have accepted thy person." She goes home, tells Nibal what she did. Apparently, he has a stroke and dies 10 days later. And when David heard that Nibal was dead, he said, "Blessed be the Lord that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach, of my insult from the hand of Nabal, and hath kept his servant David from evil. For the Lord hath returned the wickedness of Nibal upon his own head." I don't pretend to understand the dynamics of what appears in a 21st century context here in America as a case of extortion. The various commentaries I have read all seem to be handwavering. Regardless, David took Nibal's refusal for payment for protection to be evil on Nibal's part. So did his men and Nibal's household and Abigail. So we'll leave it at that. David sent and communed with Abigail to take her to him to wife. And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmemell, they spake unto her, saying, David sent us unto thee to take thee to him to wife. I can think of a more romantic way to propose to somebody, but and she arose. I guess these days it to be texting, but she arose and bowed herself on her face to the earth and said, "Behold, let thine handmade be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord." And Abigail hasted and rose and rode upon an ass with five damsels of hers that went after her. and she went after the messengers of David and became his wife. David also took a hinowim of Jezrael and they were also both of them his wives. But Saul had given Michael his daughter, David's wife, who loved him, risked her life to save him. David loved her, gave Mel to Falty, the son of Leesh, which was of Galilee. Saul really doesn't like David. Chapter 26. David is once again pursued by Saul. David takes Abashi, one of his trusted men, enters Saul's camp during the night. They take Saul's spear and water jug, and David again refuses to harm Saul or allow Abashai to do so. Uh Saul is being guarded by Abnner and his men, but they're all sound asleep. It was made very clear to me when I was in the military that if you're on guard duty, if you're on watch, you don't sleep. There are repercussions. So David took the spear and the cruise of water from Saul's bolster like like a pillow near his head. And they gapped them away. And no man saw it nor knew it, neither awake, for they were all asleep, because a deep sleep from the Lord was fallen upon them. Then David went over to the other side and stood on the top of an hill a far off, a great space being between them. And David cried to the people and to Abnner the son of Nur, saying, "Answerest thou not, Abnner?" Abnner answered and said, "Who art thou that criest to the king?" David said to Abnner, "Art not thou a valiant man? Who is like to thee in Israel? Wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the king? For there came one of the people in to destroy the king, thy lord. This thing is not good that thou has done. As the Lord liveth, you're worthy to die because you have not kept your master, the Lord's anointed. And now see where the king's spear is in the cruise of water that was at his bolster. And Saul knew David's voice and said, "Is this thy voice, my son David?" And David said, "It is my voice, my lord, O king." And he said, "Wherefore doth my lord thus pursue after his servant? For what have I done? What evil is in mine hand? Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the king hear the words of his servant. If the Lord have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an offering. But if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the Lord, for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the Lord, saying, "Go serve other gods." Now therefore, let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the Lord. For the king of Israel has come out to seek a flea, as one death does hunt a partridge in the mountains. Then said Saul, I have sinned, "Return, my son David. I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day. Behold, I have played the fool and have erred exceedingly." David answered and said,"Behold the king's spear. Let one of the young men come over and fetch it. The Lord render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness, for the Lord delivered thee into my hand today, but I would not stretch forth my hand against the Lord's anointed." That red line he would never cross. And behold, as thy life was much set by this day in mine eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the Lord. And let him deliver me out of all tribulation. I spared you, Saul, only because you are anointed of the Lord to be king. God placed you, so I leave it in his hands to displace you." Then Saul said to David, "Blessed be thou, my son David. Thou shalt both do great things and also shalt still prevail. So David went on his way and Saul returned to his place. In spite of Saul's claim that he would not harm David in verse 21, David's heard this before. He has zero trust in Saul. David now reveals his thinking about all this. David said in his heart, "I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul." He's lying when he says he will not harm me. There's nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines. Saul shall despair of me to seek me anymore in any coast within the borders of Israel. So shall I escape out of his hand. David arose, passed over with the 600 men that were with him unto Akish, the son of Maul, king of Gath. Now, this is the same Akish that he fled to before by himself with Goliath's sword. As we read earlier, David pretended to be insane to escape. Akish appears to be somewhat easily manipulated. David dwelt with Akish at Gath, he and his men, every man with his household. So, this is a large group. It's not just David and 600 men. It's David and his two wives and 600 men and their wives and children, likely about 2,000 total, even including David with his two wives, Ahinoam, the Jezelitis, and Abigail the Carbalitis, Nabal's former wife. And it was told Saul that David was fled to Gath, and he sought no more again for him. So David was correct that this would finally stop Saul's pursuit of him. He can go back to being king of Israel. David said unto Akish, "If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them, the plural, thine eyes, give me a place in some town in the country that I may dwell there. For why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?" flattering the king, looking for a way to be safe from Saul and at the same time not under the watchful eye of the Philistine king. Then Akish gave him Ziglag that day, about 25 miles south of Gath. Wherefore Ziglag pertainth unto the kings of Judah unto this day, this day is when the book was last compiled and edited. And the time that David dwelt in the country of the Philistines was a full year and four months. He was there for 16 months. So David is somewhere between the age of 27 and 29 at this point. And now that his movements aren't being observed by Akish, David and his men went up and invaded the Gisherites and the Gazites and the Amalachites. for those nations were of old inhabitants of the land as thou goest to shore, even unto the land of Egypt. I wanted to show these places on a map, especially Geisher and Gzra, but there's little agreement as to where these places were. There's no sign sticking up that says it was here. The text states it was on the way to Egypt. So it had been in the south of the Philistine territory and bordering the kingdom of Israel and the territory of Judah on the south. So the red arrows show the general direction of David's raids to the ultimately protect Judah's southern border. And David smoked the land and left neither man nor woman alive and took away the sheep and the oxen and the asses and the camels and the apparel and returned and came to Akish. So we see David could be as brutal as Saul. We saw the same in Joshua centuries earlier. He brings some of the plunder to Akish and Gath and Akish says whether have you made a road today? who' you attack to get all this stuff? David said, "Against the south of Judah, against the south of the Germalites, and against the south of the Kennites." So David's telling Akish that he attacked the southern borders of Saul's kingdom that is near Philistine territory. In other words, he's working for the Philistines. He's posing as an ally, a dependable person, and bringing wealth to his benefactor, Akish, when in fact he's strengthening and defending the territory he will eventually rule. As a result, and to protect his cover story in Roose, David saved neither man nor woman alive to bring tidings to Gath, saying, "Lest they should tell on us," saying, "So did David, and so will be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines." So David is practicing deception at great risk. And Akish believed David, saying, He hath made his people Israel, utter to abore him. Therefore, he shall be my servant forever. It came to pass in those days at the end of the 16 months that David was in Ziglag, that the Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare to fight with Israel. And Akish said unto David, "Know thou assuredly, thou shalt go with me to battle, thou and thy men." David said to Akish, "Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do." H I wonder what he's implying there. And Akish said to David, "Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head, my bodyguard forever." I love this. Saul sees in David a conspiracy against him when there is none. Akish fails to see in David an ongoing conspiracy against him. I really like that sort of thing. I I just we're going to skip the remainder of chapter 28 tonight because it pertains to Saul. Chapter 29 we read, "Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aph and the Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezrael. And the lords of the Philistines, you remember the Philistines, they aren't a nation like we think of it. There's these citystates that are kind of a loose confederation. So they're gathering the armies from all of these citystates under the general banner of the Philistines. The lords of the Philistines passed on by hundreds and by thousands. But David and his men passed on in the rear reward, the rear guard, the last troops to pass in review with Akish. So this gives you an overview showing some of the locations. You can see Saul's army at the top of the map in Jezreel. The Philistine armies are gathering together at at Aphic there. So David comes from Ziglag about 25 miles up to Gaff. They march about another 30 miles with uh with Akish's uh troops on up to Aphik and that's where they're having this big gathering to get this large army put together. Gives you an idea of the of the territory. Then said the princes of the Philistines, what do these Hebrews hear? Akish said unto the princes of the Philistines, "Is this not this David, the servant of Saul, the king of Israel, which had been with me these days or these years?" One year and four months, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day. It's great. David is on our side. The princes of the Philistines were angry with Akish. And the princes of the Philistines said unto him, "Make this fellow David return. He may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him. Let him not go down with us to battle, lest the battle be an adversary to us." Wake up, Akish! No wonder you're bringing up the rear. For wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master? Should it not be with the heads of these men? Is not this David of whom they sang one to another in dances saying Saul slew his thousands and David his 10 thousands? These guys have a bit more insight than their buddy Akish. Then Akish called David and said to him, "Surely is the Lord liveth. Thou has been upright and thy going out and thy coming in with me and the host is good in my sight. I have not found evil in these since the day of thy coming unto me and to this day. Nevertheless, the the Lords favor thee not. Wherefore now return, go in peace that thou displeas not the lords of the Philistines. And David said unto Akish. Familiar words from David. But what have I done? What has I found in thy servants so long as I've been with thee unto this day that I may not go and fight against the enemies of my lord the king? Again, I love how he words that. It's clever. It's ambiguous. Which person is my lord the king? Akish or Saul? David's trying to sandwich and hit the Philistines from the back while Saul hits him from the front. That plan is being thwarted. But the way that he expresses it, Akish thinks that, "Oh, I wanted to go fight against Saul." Again, I I just love this stuff. And Akish answered and said to David, "I know that thou art good in my sight as an angel of God." Notwithstanding, the princes of the Philistines have said, he shall not go up with us to the battle. Wherefore now, rise up early in the morning with thy master's servants that are come with thee. And as soon as you be up early in the morning and have light, depart. So David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning to return into the land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezrael. So the Philistine armies are marching from Aph up to Jezrael to confront Saul. David is now going the 50 or so miles, 55, 60 miles from Aph back to Ziklag. about three days since he's left. And it came to pass when David and his men were come to Ziglag on the third day that the Amalachites that the the ones that uh Saul had not defeated as Samuel had commanded him to do. that the Amalachites had invaded the south and Ziglag and smitten Ziglag and burned it with fire and had taken the women captives that were therein. They slew not any either great or small, but carried them away and went on their way. So David and his men came to the city, and behold, it was burned with fire. Their wives, their sons, their daughters were taken captive. David and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept until they had no more power to weep. Put yourself in their place for a moment. Can you imagine coming home and your whole neighborhood, your whole town, your whole area is burned with fire? Your spouse is gone. Your kids are gone. You've been you've been out on the job for three days and you come home and this is what you see. David's two wives were taken captives. Oham, the Jezraelitis and Abigail, the former wife of Nabal the Carmealite. David was greatly distressed. For the people spake of stoning him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and his daughters. It was your leadership that brought us here, David. And now look what's happened. But David encouraged himself, and the Lord is God. I wonder if this might have been the time he wrote the sixth psalm. Psalm six. Oh Lord, rebuke me not in thine anger, neither chasen me in thy hot displeasure. Have mercy upon me, oh Lord. I'm weak. Lord, heal me. My bones are vexed. My soul is also sore, vexed. But thou, oh Lord, how long? Return, O Lord, deliver my soul. Save me for thy mercy's sake. In death there's no remembrance of thee and the grave. Who shall give thee thanks? I'm weary with my groaning. All the night make I my bed to swim. I water my couch with my tears. Mine eye is consumed because of grief. that waxes old because of all my enemies. Depart from me, all you workers of iniquity. The Lord has heard the voice of my weeping. The The Lord has heard my supplication. The Lord will receive my prayer. Let all mine enemies be ashamed and sore vexed. Let them return and be ashamed suddenly. Back to chapter 30 of 1 Samuel. David said to Abathther the priest, a himc son, I pray thee, bring me hither the ephod. We talked about that priestly garment before. Abathther brought thither the eod to David. And David inquired at the Lord, saying, "Shall I pursue after this troop? Shall I overtake them?" And the Lord answered him, "Pursue? Thou shalt surely overtake them and without fail recover all. So David went, he and the 600 men that were with him and came to the brook Bessor where those that were left behind stayed. It's hard to see. I see everybody's got their binoculars so you can see it. There's uh this little blue thread here actually flows this way. That's the brook of Bizor. So they're heading from Ziklag to get to the brook of Mizor and then they'll continue. But David pursued he and 400 men for 200 abodeed behind which were so faint they could not go over the brook bizore. They are so overcome with grief with sorrow. They have no strength. And they found an Egyptian in the field and brought him to David and gave him bread and he did eat. And they made him drink water. They gave him a piece of a cake of figs, two clusters of raisins. And when he had eaten, his spirit came again to him, for he had eaten no bread or drunk any water three days and three nights. David said unto him, "To whom belongest thou?" He realizes this guy is not a local person, therefore probably a slave of some sort. To whom belongest thou? And whence art thou? Where are you from? And he said, I am a young man of Egypt, servant to an Amalachite. My master left me because three days ago I fell sick. We made an invasion upon the south of the Kathites and upon the border that belongs to Judah and and upon the south of Caleb, that part of Judah, and we burned Ziglag with fire. They raided and destroyed along the southern border of Judah and surrounding areas. David said unto him, thou bring me down to this company? And he said, "Swear unto me by God that thou wilt neither kill me nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I'll bring thee down to this company." And when he had brought him down, behold, they were spread abroad upon all the earth, eating and drinking and dancing, because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the Philistines and out of the land of Judah. And David smokeote them from the twilight even into the evening of the next day. There escaped not a man of them except for 400 young men which rode upon camels and fled. David recovered all that the Amalachites had carried away. And David rescued his two wives. There was nothing lacking to them. neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor anything that they had taken to them. David recovered all. David took all the flocks and the herds which they drove before those other cattle and said, "This is David's spoil." David came to the 200 men which were so faint they could not follow David whom they had made also to abide at the brook Bessor. And they went forth to meet David and to meet the people that were with him. And when David came near to the people, he saluted them. Hi guys, we're back. then answered all the wicked men and men of Balile of those 400 that went with David. Here we see in that congregation and these 600 guys, there's some questionable people amongst that group. They're not all upright, the kind of people that you might want for a neighbor, right? That's all the people that were unhappy, all the people that were basically running from the law and had come to David. answered all the wicked men of Balile and said, "Because they went not with us, we will not give them anything of the spoil that we have recovered, save every man can have his wife and his kids, that they may lead them away and depart." David said, "You shall not do so, my brethren, with that which the Lord hath given us, who hath preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand." I appreciate you guys's effort, but it's the Lord that did this. For who will hearken unto you in this matter? As his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his heart part be that carth by the stuff? They shall part alike. Everybody gets the same pay. If you're a warrior, good for you. If you're a supply sergeant, good for you. Everybody is treated the same. And it was so from that day forward that he made it a statute and an ordinance for Israel unto this day. And when David came to Ziglag, he sent of the spoil unto the elders of Judah, even unto his friends, saying, "Behold, a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the Lord, to them which were in Bethl and South Ramoth and Jat, and Auror, and Sifmoth, and Echo, and Rael, and the cities of the Germalites, and the cities of the Kenites, and Horma, and Corusan, and Aic, and to them which were in Hebron, to all the places where David himself and his men were want to haunt. So he didn't just share it with his guys, he spread it around. The next chapter, chapter 31, is solely about Saul, not about David, and concludes the book of 1 Samuel in the time before David became king, which is next time. What lessons can we take away from this part of the story of David that we can apply? In this portion of David's life, we see behaviors that tell us he was very human. His faith in God was strong, but it was tested time and again. Samuel had anointed him to be king to succeed Saul. But God wasn't done with the training and preparation for David to become king. He needed to see what Saul was doing both from being a favored person inside the court as well as being a hunted person innocent of the crime for which he was being persecuted. He needed to see that within Saul's entourage as well as among his smaller cadre, there were persons of evil intent. In chapter 24, he spared Saul's life, and his conscience bothered him for even snipping off a small corner of the border of Saul's robe. So small that Saul and whoever was with him didn't even notice it had been cut until David pointed it out. Similarly, in chapter 26, when David took Saul's spear and water jug, he made it perfectly clear that he would not harm Saul or allow his men to harm Saul. The red line David would not cross was to attack or injure the king God has chosen. God placed Saul as king. God would have to displace him in his own time. David made it just as clear he wanted God to avenge him of Saul. He asked God to do this again and again in the Psalms and in the text of the speeches that he's made. Between those events and chapter 25, David felt insulted and and these days we'd say he was disrespected. He was dissed by Nabal. And his immediate reaction was to kill Nabal in his entire house. Kill all the males associated with him, cut off his line forever. We recognize David was under extreme stress and had been for years. Saul chasing him to kill him. Having a company of about 2,000 people with the responsibility to see they had food and shelter, provide leadership, settle disputes, being a shepherd to such a crowd made up of people who were discontented to begin with. The musicians would please come. We also saw an Abigail, a person who recognized the danger of her husband's reaction to David's request. Brother Brer might tell us it was a mother's love to protect her children. In any case, she immediately responded to David's original request of Nibal, intercepted him and his troop of 400 angry armed men, and said, "Let me take the blame, the punishment for the wickedness of this man." She was displaying, we would say, the nature and spirit of Jesus Christ, an innocent one willing to take the punishment and bear the reproach on behalf of another who was unaware of the intervention and was guilty. She is such an illustration of the gospel. Finally, when David returned to Ziglag and found the town destroyed and the people gone, he was stricken by profound grief on one hand and the griefdriven anger of his men on the other. Men who would follow him anywhere were now thinking of killing him, death by stoning. David turned to the Lord for soloulless, comfort, and strength. Let's close this portion of the service with a song from Psalm 19. A psalm of David. The love of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is sure. making wise the simple. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart. The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring [Music] forever. The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous allto together. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. [Music] Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. Moreover, by them is thy servant warm, is thy servant warm. For over my is thy serant war. And in keeping of them there is great reward. There is great reward. There is [Music] great song of Psalms 42. [Music] Why my soul are you downcast? Why are you trbled within? For I will hope in my savior my God and will praise him yet praise him again. Repeat that again. Why my soul are you downcast? Why are you troubled within? For I will hope in my Savior, Michael, my God, and will praise him yet praise him again. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will praise him yet. Praise him again. One more time. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I will praise him yet praise him again. Morning by morning, new mercies are streaming. I trust in your goodness where I cannot see. You have been faithful whenever I wonder. Lord, give me the hope that I need. Morning by morning your mercies are streaming. I trust in your goodness where I cannot see. You have been faithful whenever I wonder or give me the hope that I need. Hallelu hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will praise him yet praise him again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I will praise him yet praise him again. The first verse. Why my soul are you [Music] downcast? Why are you troubled within? hope for. I will hope in my savior my God and will praise him yet praise him [Music] again. Beginning of that psalm says, "As the heart panth for the waterbrooks, soul my soul after thee, oh God." Lao said that he he liked and and one of the things that his his mind liked was the irony of Saul and David and how David was loyal to Saul and yet Saul wanted to kill David because he thought he was disloyal. And then Akish thought that David was loyal and David actually wasn't loyal to Akish. He was loyal to Saul. And and the irony there and brother was closing. I was thinking, Lord, I I have something that the the way that I think too, and it's something that maybe doesn't make sense to me. Why would you have the Philistines leave Ziglag? And why would you have David leave Ziglag? And then an invading army, the Malachites, come in and burn their homes and steal all of their possessions and steal their wives and their children. And then David comes back and he he goes after the Philistines and he says, "Should I go after them?" And the and the answer came back from the Lord, "Yes, go." and he goes and and this man comes out of basically out of nowhere and shows them where they are. And I look at it and it doesn't say that it served a purpose. Why did David's family, why did why did they all have to suffer for that time when it was just a circle? And and and what purpose did it have for these Malachites to to invade and and take the families and cause all this suffering and this hardship? And then David goes and gets them and bring it brings them back. Like Lord, what did it purpose did it serve? The Bible doesn't tell us. And we can look at all the suffering friends that we go through many times and we might wonder why why do I suffer? Why have I been put through this? Why has my life taken this turn? And it's because God has a purpose in it. And he had a purpose in that whole situation with David. We don't know what that purpose was, but it was a divine purpose. And then David during these times, he just cries out praises to God. And I just think, Lord, I what a man this man David was. And he was one of the greatest of them all to be loyal to that man that hated him. And all the while working and being a benefit and being a blessing to the kingdom. And it wasn't even his kingdom yet. He but he he was a great man. And he just did what was best not for himself, but he did what was best for the Lord. I think, wow, he was truly a great great man with all of his faults and the Lord truly put him through a many, many hard times. But God had a purpose in it. We can say maybe it was to build his character, maybe it was for something else, but he had a purpose. And he has a purpose, friends, in everything that we go through. God has a purpose in all of it. We may never know when we're on earth, but one thing I will promise you is when David got to the other side, he probably said, "Thank you, God. Thank you for Ziglag. Thank you for the the caves of Engeti. Thank you for all all of this happened. Lord, I suffered, but now I know why." and we suffer and we go through things and we may not know why, but I promise you God has a purpose in all of it just like he did with David. Let's all stand. [Music] I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I want to depend on his word. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I learn to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, our world depend upon his word. Man, we've learned to depend on God's word through it all. for whatever whatever toils and tears, whatever problems this word world may throw at us, we can just turn right to this blessed Bible. Say, Lord, I may not understand why I'm going through this. I may not understand why these things happen, but I do believe that you're in charge, and I do believe that you have your hand on it all. Brother Joe Miller, would you come close, my friend? I said I said, Miller, I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend on his word. One more time. That's good. Oh, through it all. Come on now. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all. Through it all, I move to depend upon his word. How about Brother Johnson? Wasn't that amazing? [Applause] That was really amazing. Um Um You know, the our family's been through a lot um this past couple weeks. Um, I know you've seen my little grandchildren and one of my grandchildren lost their mother just recently and uh, you know, they're young. They're young and when the young pass, it's really really difficult. But, uh, you know, it seems like everyone's going through an awful lot. So, um, with with all that we've learned in in in here, let's let's go to the Lord. But let's also think about all those the young ones that are struggling and and trying to make their way. Heavenly Father, thank you for this night. What a wonderful night to to give us the the the pleasure of being here and listening to your word, Lord. It's so such a it's it's it's it just fills your cup up. You you you work so hard and then you come here and it wasn't that hard, was it, Lord? it. It's it's it's just a pleasure to be here with in in your house with our brothers and our sisters. I ask that you uh that you watch out for those that that couldn't be here tonight. There's so many people that want to be here and just just can't be here. Have a special place for them. And you know, we all have people on our hearts and we know that you've got it. But we need a little encouragement, Lord. Would you just build our our faith? I mean, these little signs that you've shown us, oh man, on Sunday and tonight, just the word, just your word is just so comforting, Lord. I know, um, a lot of people are coming to the end of their school year. and teachers are getting pretty excited about that. But the kids are are getting promoted and graduated, moving on, and it's really changing their lives. And would you be with there with them, Lord? Would you would you make this night the day that they remember you and and give you thanks, Lord, for everything that's happened and and how you've been there for them each step of the way. And then we can celebrate with our our friends and family and and rejoice the good things as the graduations, the promotions come. And as it gets warmer out here, we might complain. Lord, help us not to complain so much to really see that you have a plan and we don't quite understand your plan, but we trust in you. We have faith in you, Lord. We we we are so appreciative of you. Please watch us as we go on our way to home. please bring us back and um on Sunday so that we can gather and uh if we have to wait that long and uh hopefully we'll meet with you before then but if not we'll we'd love to be back here on Sunday. So thank you Lord and we we we love you so much in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Oh through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I come to depend upon his word. [Music] All is well. Oh, all is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner show rest for all is well. One more time brother. All is well. [Music] All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner man. So rest little bride rest for all is well. All is well. No matter what happens, brother Joe, all is well. With David, he had lost everything. That day when he came home, it was all gone. But yet all was well. First thing he did is he went to the Lord and then the Lord provided. God bless you all. It's good to see you all. Tonight, I pray that the Lord will go with you. Remember, um, Saturday night, we'll have a youth gathering in the upper room. Don't forget, and all the other youth, Sister Hope, don't you forget. Um, and then our normal service, Sunday morning. And, um, think on these things that Brother Lyle has brought before us tonight. ponder on him. Ponder on this great man, David. All that he went through and and the great battles that he won. And I don't think the the hardest battles, Brother Ly, I don't think were on the battlefield. I think the hardest battles that David won were those battles to keep his character. Yes. And and to keep keep serving God. Yes. and not to fall for the the tricks of the enemy. God bless you, brothers and sisters. You're dismissed. Oh, all is well. All is well. We have heard the message, Shalom, and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the end. Show rest and brightest for all is well. All is well. All is well. [Music] We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfectness behind the end. Soless little brothers for [Music] all. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
