################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Mutual Respect (Colossians 3 and 4) Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    Mutual Respect (Colossians 3 and 4): Daniel Evans
Speaker:  Daniel Evans
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldv2CWRK9X0
========================================

Description:
Sunday ,June 22nd, 2025,  10AM. Pastor Daniel Evans continues with the Colossians series, finishing Colossians 3 and 4. Colossians 3:12-4:6
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] There is no one else like you. Verse one. Lord, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and all the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles. Oh, there is no one else like you. There is no one else like. Let's sing the verse one more time. You deserve the glory. Yes, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Praise him. Psalms 19:14. You have that, Brother Jordan? [Music] Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Can we read it together? Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Praise God. Anyone who's in Sunday school this morning can head to the back for Sunday school. We're going to sing How Great Is Our God. Start with that first verse. The splendor of the King. The splendor of the King. Clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. [Music] He wraps himself in light [Music] and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. So we're going to sing that verse again. The splender of the king [Music] clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and it trembles at his voice. And it trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and oh we'll see how great how great is our God. [Music] Oh, and to age he stands. And time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. The Godhead three are one. Oh father, spirit son, light and the lamb. The light and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our Let's sing that again. How great is our God. How great, oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great, how great is our God. He's the name above all names. Oh, he's the name above all names and worthy of all praise. and my heart will sing. How great is our God. He's the name above all names. Come on, lift it up this morning. Oh, he's the name above all names and worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing, how great is our God. One more time. He's the name above all names. Yes, he is the name above all names. He is worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great. How great [Music] is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great how great is our God. Would you stand with me and let's sing it? Just our voices. How great is our God. Sing our God. See how great how great is our Let's just continue to sing. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. Let's sing that again with all our hearts. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. Tell him this morning, Lord, you're great. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my Savior, God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou art. Verse one. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all the world thy hands have made. Yes, Jesus. I see the stars. [Music] I hear the rolling thunder thy power throughout the universe display. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee, Lord, how great thou art. How great thou art. Verse three, as the brothers come forward. And when I think that God his son not sparing sent him to die. Think of it now. I scarce can take it in. Hallelujah. that on the cross my burden gladly bearing. He bled and died [Applause] to take away my sin. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Is that the song of your soul this morning? the recognition of how great he is and yet he dwells within each one of us. Oh my, we have a a number of uh of requests here this morning that I'd just like to share with you. Sister Esther says, "Brethren, please pray for me. I had a dentist procedure that infected and I have lots of pain. I ask for complete healing from Sister Grace. Pray for brother Steven Figareroa. I've been sick all week with a cold or flu. A request from Sister Jacqueline. My son is suffering discouragement because he isn't making enough income to sustain his expenses. The lawsuit is still pending and ongoing, which is very stressful. I don't know if any of you ever had a a lawsuit pending against you. I remember many years ago I had one and it uh it it certainly caused a lot of stress. Please pray that he will have some relief and some sustainable income. Thank you for your prayers. May God bless you. A prayer request from brother Justin Badgely. Please remember sister Lori Row in prayer. She is experiencing severe neck pain due to a pinched nerve and may require surgery for more complex structural issues. She wears a neck brace twice a day is having difficulty moving her arms. She had an MRI yesterday is asking the Lord for complete healing and relief. [Music] And a request from our pastor Daniel. Please pray for two dear friends of mine. They're at a crossroads in their lives and will be making decisions that will affect their future, possibly their eternal destinations. They need the wisdom of the Holy Spirit. And I can't help but think this morning about the bombing that took place in Iran last night and the war that's going on in the Middle East right now and all these situations. And a lot of times we think, well, what does this mean or what does that mean or what is this a sign of? But you know, Paul responded to all those things in his letter to the Corinthians when he said, "Knowledge will fail, prophecy will cease, though I speak with tongues of men and angels." The important thing, the important thing is that we have love one for another. We have love for our Lord and that expresses itself in our love, our cooperation, our support, our sincerity with each of us. And if we have that, then it doesn't matter which bombs are falling. It doesn't matter what's going on. We have to keep him the center of our life. And with that thought, let's join our hearts together over these needs are they're very important. They wouldn't have been submitted. if they weren't important and if the people submitting them did not have confidence in the Holy Spirit moving and living in each one of us to bring it to the attention of the throne that the Lord would intervene and do his perfect will in all of these situations. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful. We're so humbled, Lord, that we can call upon your name, Lord, that you have chosen to allow us to worship you this morning. You've given us a place where we can come by choice to be here, to be together, Lord, to worship you, to hear your word, Lord, to strengthen it within us, Lord, and to draw us ever closer to you and to one another. I pray for your anointing on our pastor Daniel this morning as he brings the word from the letter that your servant Paul wrote to the church in Colasse, a place that he had never been, people he had never met, but the burden was on his heart because of that love that you placed there. Lord, we just pray again that you would draw us closer to one another and to yourself. Forgive us where we fall short. Lord, help us, Lord. Help us. And Lord, as offering is taken this morning, we pray that it would be used for the purposes that you intend for the furtherance of the kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we thank you in that precious name. Amen. Just before you pass the offering, I'm going to have everybody shake hands with each other. I didn't have you do that. I thought maybe there'd be some folks come in and so I held off. Shake each other's hands. When I think of the goodness of Jesus, When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, my soul cries out, "How Hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. You can all have your seats. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. My soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Let's sing that again. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done in my life. My soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. One more time. Yes. When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done my life, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Praise him. Praise the Lord. You can give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Key of F. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. [Music] I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. how he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning and I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about his healing. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. How he made the lame to walk again and cause the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing the last verse. And I heard about a manship he has built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea. And about the angels singing and the old redemption story. Yes. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him. All my love is due to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing. One more time. Victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me here. I knew him and all my love is through him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Amen. As brother Daniel gets ready to come, let's sing uh He's God, Bflat. When I come into his presence, Brother Jordan, [Music] for all he's done for me. We can give him glory this morning. Give him praise. set a good atmosphere for brother Daniel to come out and preach with liberty what the Lord has laid on his heart. Sing this together. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. I worship him when I come. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him for he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he God when I come when I come remembering what he's done I humble myself remembering what he's done all the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Oh, I'll praise him when I come into his presence. I humble myself. I remember remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Oh, I'll praise him for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's Let's stand to our feet and sing. For all he's done. Yes. For all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's gone, [Music] brothers and sisters, good morning. Let's let's bow our heads for a moment of prayer. Dear Almighty God, we thank you for Lord just your greatness and your glory. Lord, as we come here this morning, Father, I just feel this heaviness in my heart that I really believe that you're here with us and grateful for your presence. Father, I pray that you accept our worship this morning in both song and in reading of your word and in prayer. And Lord, that you would answer the prayers of those that are here this morning. Father, there are surely many things that they have need of. We all have need of. And I pray that you would answer those things. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can sing that song again, Brother Josiah. The splendor of the king. How great is our God, Brother Jordan. The splendor of the King, [Music] clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? And oh, we'll see how great how great is our God. Oh, and from age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The God three in one. Father, spirit, son. Mine and the lamb. Mine and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great, how great is our God. Oh, he's the name. Yes, he's the name above all names. Worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing, how great is our God. He's the name above all names. He's the name above all names. worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Yes. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. He's great. He's great. Ah, he he's great. He is just He's wonderful. Praise God. You can be seated. God bless you all. Lily, welcome home. It's good to have you back. God bless you. Wow. I uh you know, Daniel sometimes he gets up here when he's leading worship and he says, "I just woke up in a great mood this morning. I I just I'm just thankful. I'm just happy." And you know, I woke up this morning and I am just in awe of God and in awe of Christ. Just the life that he lived and everything that about him is just it's perfect. He was tempted in all things, the Bible said, yet without sin. No one that has ever lived on earth could ever say that. that they were tempted in all things. We're all tempted in many things. He was tempted in all things and yet never sinned. That's a man. That is a man that I will follow. That's a man that I love. He's And not only is he a man that I love that lived 2,000 years ago, he is a man that rose from the dead and is alive today. Him and him alone, he's great. We sing that song, how great is our God. Jesus Christ is God. He was I am just I'm so blessed. I'm just blessed this morning. I sorry I'm emotional. I'm not usually like this. I I just God thank you. Thank you for your goodness. Brother Lyle as for the prayer requests and of course I do want to always mention what's going on in the Middle East and and of course we're on Israel's side. You know, I believe that's God's it's God's apple of his eye. It's God's with him. But there are also people living in neighborhoods with missiles flying over their heads, missiles landing in their own neighborhoods that are some very fine people. Some of the finest people that I've met in my travels have been Persian people, those from Iran. They are not they get a bad representation from the wararm mongers and the craziness that is their leaders in Iran. the the people, the Persian people and the Jewish people have loved each other for for centuries. From Cyrus when he came and he he released all of the Jews to to leave Babylon and go back home, that was a Persian man. And his descendants now live in the same place in this country of Iran. And as I said, they're very on the whole, they're one of the finest people I've ever met. So always remember whoever God's children are. We remember the Jewish people, but we also remember the Gentile people and and the people that love God. Um I uh I believe this morning is is timely in getting to the end of the book of Colossians. just with just our lives and the way that we live our lives. I really believe that the Lord had ordained us to go through and to get to this the end of this third chapter in Colossians today. I uh I want to be in the same spirit as Paul was when he wrote it. And it's all about really it's all about this man that we were just singing praises to this man Jesus Christ. I was just in my study this morning and thinking about how great Jesus was. He didn't just teach like I will teach and I'll do my best to live what I teach. Jesus lived everything that he taught. He was the example to us. I think how how great this man was. He he said, "You've heard the law and it says punish punishment must be matched by injury. An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth." And he says, "But I say don't resist an evil person. If someone slaps you on the right cheek, offer the other cheek also. If you're sued in court, your shirt is taken from you, give them your coat, too. If a soldier demands that you carry his gear for a mile, carry it two miles. We've been Stephanie and I just finished. We just got caught up to date on The Chosen. And there is one of the best scenes in that entire series of when the uh the soldiers were were making fun of the of Jesus and his disciples and and putting their helmets on them and and and just kind of beating him around a little bit and they they forced uh Jesus and his disciples. They said, "Hey, carry our gear for this mile." So, so they they go up there and and they're they're ridiculing them and they're walking and and there's Jesus in this Roman soldier uh helmet and and you think, man, if that was if I was there, I'd have taken out those Roman soldiers. I'd have fought for him. But no, they just walked along. And then they get to what the law required, what the law, the extent of the law, which was about a mile or so. And they said, "Okay, well, you can take off the stuff now." And Jesus says, "No, we want to carry it all the way." And the soldier looked at him like, "What are what are you doing?" And he said, "No, we'll carry your gear even though they were ridiculed, made fun of. We're going to continue to carry your stuff even though you may be our enemy." He lived that what he preached. He said, "Give to those who ask and don't turn away from those who want to borrow." You have heard the law says, "Love your neighbor and hate your enemy." But I say, "Love your enemies. Pray for those who persecute you." Pray for those who persecute you. In that way, you will be acting as true children of the father in heaven. For he gives light both to the evil and the good, and he sends rain on the just and the unjust. If you love only those who love you, that reward, what reward is there in that? Even the sinner, even the tax collectors, the publicans, they do the same. If you are kind only to your friends, how are you different from anyone else? Even pagans do that. But you are to be perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect. If you forgive those who sin against you, your heavenly father will forgive you. But if you refuse to forgive others, your father will not forgive your sins. Don't store up treasures here on earth where moths eat them and rust destroys them and where thieves break in and steal. Store your treasures in heaven where moths and rust cannot destroy and thieves do not break in and steal. Wherever your treasure is, there the desires of your heart will also be. Don't judge others and you will not be judged. for you will be treated as as you treat others. The standard you use in judging is the standard by which you will be judged. Let that sink in because I'm going to be talking about that in this book of Colossians. And why worry about a speck in your friend's eye when you have a long you have a log in your own eye? Why a beam in your own eye? when you can't let me help you get rid of that speck in your eye when you can't see past the log in your own eye. Then he says, "Hypocrite, first get rid of the log in your own eye. Then you will see well enough to deal with the speck in your friend's eye. Do others whatever you would like them to do to you." This is the essence of all that is taught in the law and the prophets. In this all of the law and the prophets lies. You can you can enter into into God's kingdom only through the narrow gate. The highway to hell is broad and the gate is wide for many who choose that way. But the gateway to life is narrow. The road is difficult and few there will be that find it. King James says, "Straight is the gate and narrow is the way and few there will be that find it." And then he said, "If you love me," he said, "keep my commandments." And this is the essence of the letters from all the apostles. These are the teachings of Jesus. We always want to blow it up into some fantastic thing and and take the focus off of Christ, but it always points us to one thing. In this book of Colossians, Ephesians, all the gospels, it always points us to love. That is the main thing. That is the big thing. And Jesus showed that love. Jesus didn't just get up here and preach. Jesus did it. He fellowshipped with what the church would call sinners. Those were his people. He didn't lift himself up above them. They were poor. just regular old normal people. Jesus wasn't better than them. He didn't act better than them. He was God with them. He loved his enemies even to the very end of his life out there on the c cross crying out to God, Lord, forgive them. Father, forgive them for they don't know what they're doing. We always hear practice what you preach. He practiced what he preached. And how many people really do that today? How many people that call themselves Christians really follow what Jesus followed what Jesus said and he actually did it? They took his garments and they cast lots for him on the same day they stripped him naked. And on the same day, that same day that they took his garment, set him up in front of the people naked, embarrassed, that same day he died for those very people, crying out on the cross for them. Thank you, Lord. He wasn't a businessman. He didn't have money. He stored up his treasures in heaven in the form of bloodwashed souls. You know what? I'm one of those souls. You know, and you you can see why everything in the Bible points to that man. It's all about him because of what he did and the life that he lived and everything about him was perfection. And then he said, "Now you do these things. Straight is the gate and narrow is way and few that'll be that find it. But if you just do these things, if you love me, just keep my commandments. And when we get into these scriptures and and when we're reading these epistles, we need to be in the same spirit that they wrote them. Don't just read them. It's like, okay, I should do this. I shouldn't do this. Why did they write these things? Why did the Apostle Paul write the book to the the the letter to the Colossians? Why did he say what he did? He said what he did? Because he was pointing to Christ. He was just he was just bringing out what Jesus had already said. And he was saying, "Now apply it to your lives." When we want to get to the bottom of the scriptures, they're really they're all saying the same thing. They all point us to Christ and then they say, "Now you do the same." You know, you've heard sometimes you heard that's the spirit. That's the spirit. you know, when you're trying to encourage someone or the spirit is the Holy Spirit. And that is the same spirit that I want to be in when I read the Bible. I want to truly know what it means. And it's not just it's not at all. It's not what the scripture means to you. All right? Let me make myself plain. It's not what the scripture means to you. It's what the scripture means. And if you mean something else to you, brother and sister, you are not the sovereign God. I am not the sovereign God. We have to understand what he is saying. We have to get in that same spirit because you can take a scripture and take it and and make it mean something completely opposite of what it really means. It is what the scripture means, not what it means to you. when we have Bible studies, I might ask, well, what does it mean to you? But really, it doesn't matter what it means to us. What matters is that we get the real meaning behind it. And that's what this this book, this whole Bible, it's really about. I was talking to somebody the other day, a couple days ago, who had questions about Christianity. and uh a scientist and and very intellectual in his thinking and he quoted a few things from the Bible and he said like the the earth was created in six days and and he says you know we know that's that's not true. We can prove that and he doesn't understand also why God would create mankind and then allow mankind to suffer and sin and all these problems. He said, "Why didn't God," he says, "if there was really a God, why didn't he just create him perfect and then why didn't he just make heaven so he could get to that place and have all this joy that you're talking about, why did he have to go through all put man through all these things?" He said, "It just doesn't make sense to me." My answer was, "The Bible says that God's thoughts are higher than our thoughts. His ways are higher than our ways. Our thoughts are not his thoughts. He knows better than we know, you know." And I I I appreciate and I told him I said the Bible was not written to be a science book. I said there's science in there. There's good science, but there it wasn't written for that purpose. And then I told them some of my publications that I that I have written, I said, I wrote them for this purpose and not for something else. And I said, neither is it written really to be a history book. There's good history in there, but it's not written for that either. I said the first parts of the Bible, the first few verses are just laying the foundation of who God is. He's this eternal being that has all control of everything and then he creates everything. He is he is the the omnipotent God. And then the rest of the Bible, the rest of it, maybe you got a half of one page, then the rest of it is about a relationship between that God, that creator, and his children, us. That's what the Bible's about. It's a book about a relationship. You know what? It's a love story. It really is. It's a love story between a bridegroom and a bride. And it's all about that. And it's just it's it's beautiful. I asked him, I said, "If if you were an eternal being, if you were God," I said, "What would be the first thing you do?" He said, "Well, I'd correct all the wrongs." I said, "No, no, no. There's no wrongs. It's just you in a vacuum. You're just God, and you're all by yourself. what would you do? He's like, "Well, I'd create friends. I'd create a world." Like, yeah, that's what he did. And I said, "And then what would happen if you see that this creation that you made starts to corrupt itself, starts to have problems?" I said, "What would you do?" He said, "Well, I'd fix it." I said, ' That's what he did. He fixed it. He didn't just wipe it clean, destroy it all. He fixed it. He sent salvation. He sent his son to fix it all. And that's where we're at today. It's it's I want to be in that spirit understanding what was written by these apostles and what is written in this Bible so I know the original meaning. I don't want to know something false. I don't want to believe something false. I want to understand it. I want to grab a hold. It's like this is why Paul said this. This is why Jesus said this. This is why they said it. So I can fully I can get closer to God. And that's what we need to do when we're reading the Bible. We don't just read it to say, "Well, you're wrong because you did this." Jesus, I just read where Jesus said, "If you judge that way, you're going to be judged in the same way." Believe me, God can point his finger down at me or any of you and show how much more wrong we have done to him than somebody's done to you or somebody's done to me. That's a fact. Wow. So, in this Colossians, Paul is writing to this church at Colasse. It's a group of people that, as brother Lyall said at the beginning, that he had never met. There's four chapters in all. And uh we'll get as far as we can this morning and I'll finish tonight. And it's divided really into two divisions. Chapters one and two. And then the second division is chapters three and four. The first two are about the are about the supremacy of Christ where it says that he is the fullness of the godhead bodily. He is the express image of God. He is the firstborn from the dead. All things were created by him and for him. And basically he's God. This man Jesus, he is supreme over everything. And then in chapter two, Paul starts preaching. He starts against legalism and also against some of the doctrines that may have come in maybe not necessarily from the Jews. The legalism probably came from the Jews but other doctrines ca that that he was either came into the church or or Paul was protecting he was preempting these things for coming into the church that saying that you just have to live your life for yourself and you have to do what's best for yourself. And then the second half, he's applying what he said to our personal lives. He's basically saying, submit to Christ's teachings. Take the teachings of Jesus and apply them to yourself. First part of chapter 3, we talked about applying the teachings of Christ and and how we die to ourselves and we die to our world, die to the world, and we are hidden with Christ in God. We talked about the correction Paul gives telling the audience to stay away from premarital sex from dirty living. He says put away anger and wrath and malice and talking in ways that are not becoming to Christians. Then Paul removes the classes and this was um groundbreaking really. The Apostle Paul removes the classes that had been always really since history started that was between the Jews and the Greeks, the barbarians and slave and free. He says, "Listen, listen. Doesn't matter what way race you are. Doesn't matter if you're from high society or low society. Doesn't matter if if you're a barbarian, if you're an idol worshipper, whatever. Whatever. We are all the same in Christ. And I imagine he probably got a lot of criticism for that. It's really we had the civil rights movement in the United States in the 60s and and and it it was it was that was great. But the Bible was for civil rights way back thousands of years ago. So if we would have just if people would just follow the Bible, there would have been no slavery. They would have got rid of slavery. They would have everyone would have loved each other regardless of their skin color or anything else about it. If we would just read the Bible, we'd see say that God loves us all and he doesn't prefer one over the other. Then um he tells us to encourage each other with godly music. And I talked about how the enemy last week has used music to draw people to darkness rather than Christ. And then I closed with the same scripture I closed with um a few weeks ago with Colossians 3:17. And whatsoever you do in word or deed to all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him. That's a scripture, friends, that we can live our lives by. That has the answer to every question. Can I do this? Whatever it is, can I do this in the name of Jesus Christ? Does Jesus want me to do this? If he does, then do it. If he doesn't, then don't do it. So, we should be focusing on does Jesus want this and not do I want this. Now, the theme this morning um with the remaining part of Colossians 3 and 4 is mutual respect. And I had in my notes, mutual respect among believers. But as I think about it, that doesn't line up with the scriptures. It doesn't line up with what Jesus says. It is really just mutual respect. And whether they're a believer or not, that doesn't have anything to do with you. You respect everyone. and you'll see that this this teaching of Paul should be applied to our everyday lives. I was on a flight yesterday um or day before yesterday and I was coming home. I I was flying from Phoenix to Tucson. It was the last leg of my flight. And there was this I I was going back and there's this little old man, little skinny little guy. And he looked like he was a hundred, but he was definitely over 80 and probably up into his 90s. And and I sat down next to him and and he was the funniest little guy. and uh started talking with him and and immediately he starts cussing and uh he's like, "Yeah." And then he he starts telling me about what he drinks and what he smokes and and uh all of these different stories that that I thought were funny. So, I finally said, "Uh, I'm a pastor." And he goes, "Oh." He goes, "Okay." Um yeah. And he says, he says, "I used to go to church." He says, "But uh you know that what was that?" He says, "The um that uh that thing that happened that made all the people stay home." I said, "Cov." He goes, "Yeah, that." He says, "That's when I stopped going to church." I said, "So, you went before that?" He goes, "Well, um yeah, I I did, but I haven't gone since then." I was like, "Did you go before then?" So, we're talking a little bit more and he would tell me a story and he's my elder and I respected him for that war veteran, war hero and I believe he was in the the um he was in Vietnam and he was also believe in Korea fighting for our freedom and I respected that and my respect for him drew him in to me. And he gets on his phone and he would say, he was looking through his pictures. Oh yeah. And he show me a picture and it was like a picture of a scorpion. He says, "I found that." Oh yeah. It was a picture of a rattlesnake and then was a picture of other things. And as we talked, it wasn't like I was preaching to him. I was just showing him respect. and he started talking about the Lord and he said started saying, you know, I know God's real and this wasn't any prompting from me. He was doing all the talking and by the end of the flight, which was like, I don't know, 40 minutes. He was promising me that he's going to go back to church and he's from Benson, Sister Hope. He's where Sister Hope lives. He he's from down there. And he's like, he's like, "Yeah." He says, he says, you know, he says, God's good. He says, when the when the when the wheels went up, and I he told me a city, I think it was in it was in Korea. He says, when the wheels went up, he said, all I said was, "Thank you, God, that that I'm safe and I'm going home, going out of the war." And he goes, he looks at me, he goes, "Thank you, Jesus." I didn't say anything, but what I did is I gave him respect because he he he is my elder. And that respect for some reason drew him to the Lord. And I believe he left that day fully intent on going back to church and and rekindling maybe an old relationship that he had. Uh let's start with Colossians 3. Let's start with verse 12. I've read this before. We'll just go over it, but I think this this builds a context for what we're about to say. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bows of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering, forebearing one another, and forgiving one another. Remember Jesus's words, forbearing one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. You hear so many times, well, he did me wrong. She did me wrong. We talk about the wonders of God and we talk about the mercies of God and we talk about the healing and the miracles and how great the word is. But as soon as someone sins against us, as soon as soon as someone offends us, our testimony, we throw it right in the garbage can. It just leaves right there. Now you can tell a real Christian all of us fail. But that real Christian will be condemned by their actions. Not about somebody else but about yourself. Amen. And then that person will repent no matter if somebody did them did them wrong or not. When I counsel people who are in a dispute, which is usually the counseling that that's probably the the majority of the counseling, I almost take the ang I almost always take the angle of Christ did not teach us how others should treat us. He taught us how we should treat others no matter how someone else treats us. So, how are you treating that person is what I'll ask. How do how are you treating that person? and they say, "Well, he did this or she did this." No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. That doesn't matter. Are you a Christian? Yes. Then it doesn't matter what they did to you. Did they do worse to you than they did to Jesus? Pulling out his beard and spitting in his face, ripping his clothes off, bartering for his garment, putting him naked up on the cross. Have they done that to you? No. How are you treating this person? Not how Is this person treating me? How many times have I committed is what we have to ask the same sin against God and how many times have I asked him to forgive me? And he'll forgive us. But he requires our forgiveness for others. Paul is telling us that if we want forgiveness of our sins, then we must forgive those who sin against us over and over again. We all know the story about Peter, but does anybody really believe it? When Peter asked Jesus, he said, "How many times do I have to forgive someone when they sin against me up to seven times?" And Jesus said, "No, seven times 70 times." So basically, Peter, you're not getting it, man. You're not understanding what I'm saying. It does not matter what someone does to you. It matters how you react. That is what matters. Verse number 14. And above all things, put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness. Love is the bond of perfectness. And above all, put on love, which is the bond of perfectness. That's what holds us together. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body, and be ye thankful. Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. We spent most of last Sunday on on that. And whatsoever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the father by him. So again, if you only had one scripture in the entire Bible, it was just that one. I think you could make it. I think I think you could do it. I think you could live a Christian life. Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus. Did Jesus when you do something in the name of someone else, when you do something in the name of of a church or whatever, you are acting on behalf of that person or acting on behalf of that church. So, did Jesus tell you to listen to that music? Are you acting on his behalf? Did Jesus tell you to go to church this morning or to not go to church this morning? For you that are streaming, did Jesus tell you to do or to not do these things? Anything outside of the desires of Jesus should not be done. Now there's already a tone in the apostles letter here of respecting others. He says there's neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, barbarian, scheian, bond or free, but Christ is all in all. And he says, put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering, forebearing one another, and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. Now, Paul is going to continue with that thought on respecting one another. And he's going to use the family as an example. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as it is fit in the Lord. The amplified version of husbands, don't be looking at your wives right now. The amplified version says, "Wives be subject to your own husbands out of respect for their position as the protector and their accountability to God as is proper proper and fitting in the Lord." There's no misogyny or sexism or prejudice associated with that statement. And while I understand that much of the Bible is written to address certain things that were going on going through at the time, Paul was addressing things that were going on in Colasse probably at that time. I also believe that God preserved his word to be applied for today. Amen. So we can't just say, well, that was in Paul's day. No, that is for today. So what is the spirit behind what Paul is saying? And how can you apply that to your life? As I said in the lesson last week, Colossians 3 and Ephesians 5 and 6 um are parallel scriptures. They say the same thing. Paul was writing to the the same thing to two different audiences. Ephesians, I'll read the New King James Version. Ephesians 5:22. Brothers, I'm I'm very sorry I didn't give you my scriptures. So if they're a little bit delayed, it's because of me. Ephesians 5:22. I'll read the New King James Version. It says, "Wives submit to your own husbands as to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ as also Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Therefore, just as the church is subject to Christ, so let the wives be subject so so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything." It's important. Now, listen to this. He is speaking to the wife. He says wives, he's not speaking to the husband. This is not a scripture that the husband can use against the wife. He's talking directly to you sisters. And he says wives. So unless you're a wife, he's not talking to you. And as a man, when I read this scripture, I see that the husband should represent Christ to his wife. Remember, the attitude is not wife, you're doing wrong. The attitude should be what can I do? So that this scripture applies to my life. He's representing Jesus. This man, this husband is representing Jesus at the head as the head. We cry out, all of us brothers, we cry out to Jesus for help and for mercy. And the husband should be there for his wife in the same manner as best that we can. As Jesus is there for us, we should be there for our wives. The wife is not dependent on your opinion. This this scripture isn't dependent on your your opinion of your husband. Doesn't have anything to do with it. If your husband is a Christian man, then he should have that position in the family as head. He will never live up to Christ. But it is up to you to give him that position according to the word here. And saying something like that's taboo today, but it's not me saying it's in the Bible. And if it's in the Bible, I believe it. And then wives, that's that was written to you. That scriptur is directly to you. Now back to Colossians 3:19. Husbands, now talking to the man. Husbands, love your wives and be not bitter against them. Again, wives, this isn't to you. Husbands, love your wives. And and again, it has nothing to do with what the wife is doing or if she or if you think that she is falling short as a wife. It's not a commandment to the wife. It's a commandment to the husband. He says, "Husband, love your wives and be not bitter against her." Let's go back to Ephesians. Ephesians 5:25. Again, they're parallel scriptures. Husbands, love your wives just as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for her, that he might sanctify and cleanse her with the washing of the water by the word, that he might present her to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but what she should but that she should be holy and without blemish. So husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself. Commandments. And I'm talking to the men here. Paul is comparing your wife to the bride of Christ, Lord. And he's comparing you to Christ. Amen. So, you have big shoes. And I have big shoes to fill in this relationship as as a husband and a wife. And he's not saying that the husband takes the place of Christ. He's not saying that at all in the wife's life. She needs to have her own relationship with Christ. You can't go through your husband. That throws out all the part of the Bible where it says there's only one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. That wife has to have a relationship with with God, her own relationship. But he is saying that your relationship should have the utmost respect for each other. The husband should treat his wife with the utmost respect in a certain way. And then the wife should treat her husband with the utmost respect no matter how that man or that woman treats you. Sisters, that headship described by the Apostle Paul is also mentioned by other apostles and really throughout the Bible. So make sure that you are respecting the husband's role in your life. And again, you have your own relationship with Christ that is not dependent on your husband. But the relationship between a husband and a wife, that family, the husband's ahead. Back to Colossians 3. Children, obey your parents in all things. For this is well pleasing to the Lord. Now, let's go back over to Ephesians chapter 6. Ephesians just uh explains it a little bit more. Ephesians chapter 6 verse one says this, "Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. Honor your father and mother which is the first commandment with promise that it may be well with you and that you may live long on the earth. So there's a promise associ associated with that children if you obey your parents that you will live long and you'll be you'll do well. The love of a parent and many of us are parents here is really without bounds. We parents, we make mistakes and but we should always have the well-being and the safety of our children in our minds. A good dad tell his son or his daughter, the kind of girl, the kind of boy to date, to come to church, to fellowship with other Christian kids, to work hard, to be a be successful in the career. And a good mother teaches her children really to keep the purity and to keep their testimonies. Daily instruction on how to live a Christian life, to eat right, to be healthy, to live honestly. These things are what parents instruct their children. And then children obey your parents in all things for this is well pleasing to the Lord. So it pleases God when a child obeys his parents. And notice that it says in all things. And those are all things in Christ. Of course, they're not sinful things. I was uh my dad used to tell me, remember way back when I was a kid, I always knew how to do it better than dad. And then it would come out where it's like, wow, dad was right and I messed it up. If I'd have just done what he said, I would have fixed the car or done or fixed the wall or done whatever I was doing. And dad would dad started out he would tell me he said bud you know how long it takes to get 20 years of experience. I was like yeah he always had to say it though 20 years. And then as time went on that statement changed and he'd say bud you know how long it takes to get 30 years of experience. 30 years. He was always ahead of me. And it came to the point before my dad passed away, bud, you know how long it takes to get 50 years of experience? Yeah, Bob, I do. 50 years. Dad was always ahead. He always had more experience because that's a father. They they know they they have more experience than us. And we should respect that in our fathers and in our mothers. Colossians 3:21, "Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged." Ephesians 6:4 says, "And you fathers, do not provoke your children to wrath, but bring them up in the training and admonition of the Lord." There should be a mutual respect between the fathers and the children, the mothers and the children. And parents, don't try to beat your the word into your kids. It doesn't work. We've all seen it. You know, it's it's just insulting them and telling them they're sinners because they they rebel. Paul is saying that they will get discouraged if you treat them like that. Don't compromise on your values, but doing in a do it in a loving and respectful way. My mom wouldn't say much about my sins when I was a teenager, but she lived a life that condemned me when I would come home after after sinning or partying with my friends or doing whatever. The last person I wanted to see on earth was my mom. That's right. She wouldn't beat me. She wouldn't tell me how wrong I was. She wouldn't browbe me and and whatever it was, but she was always the pillar of holiness in my family. She lived a life above reproach. She loved me. She respected me. And she instructed me. But it was always in respect that mom talked with me. And I'll tell you what, it built a foundation for me. There's a mutual respect. It doesn't mean that a wife's walk with the Lord is dependent on her husband. Neither does it mean that a child's walk with the Lord is dependent on the parent. But it just means that we should have a a respect for each other is what the apostle is saying here. Wives for the husbands, husbands for the wives, children's for the parents, parents for the children. With the ultimate authority really, when there's a dispute, the ultimate authority lays with the husband when it's between a husband and a wife and it lays with the parent when it's between a parent and a child. And if there's friends, if there's no authority, this is always the case in every form of society. It's the case in this church. It's the case where you work. It's the case in our country. It's always the case that there has to be a an authority there because if you don't have an authority, then you just you'll have chaos and you'll have fighting. So, there has to be someone that's in charge. It's just God's way. And it really it it it's part of it. That's why this is here. But it doesn't say that there should be a dominating force there. It just says that that with mutual respect, one person will have the ultimate authority when it has to come down to that. Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh, not with eye service as men pleasers, but in singleness of heart, fearing God. There was sla slavery 2,000 years ago when Paul wrote this. And although the Bible teaches against slavery, still here today, we can apply this to our lives. We respect those that have authority over us. Our boss, governor, politicians, president, always respect those that have rule over you because it says right here, because it pleases God. The next scripture is another one of those that you can live your life by like verse 17. Verse 23 says this, "And whatsoever you do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not unto men." New Living Translation says, "Work willingly at whatever you do as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people." NIV says, "Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart as working for the Lord and not as human masters." So that is a direct instruction for you at work, your church, and every other service you give. Whether you get paid or whether whe whether you do it for free, whether you're delivering door dash or whether you're serving the Lord, you or whether you're you're serving people here in church, you do all things to the Lord. That includes work, that includes driving, that includes whatever you're doing, you do it as you're serving God. and not so much as that as as serving that person knowing that and and it'll make you successful. Just imagine if there was somebody working in your office or your place of of of work, your imagine if there was a person that counted his job or her job that if I do a good job, I'm pleasing God. If I do a bla bad job, I'm not pleasing God. The better I do, the more I'm pleasing God. Imagine if there was somebody that worked with you like that. That's how we should be. And you know what? You'll be successful in doing it, knowing that of the Lord you shall receive the reward of the inheritance, for ye shall serve the Lord Christ. It's a practical application. Remember, I've said many times that this Bible, if you really do what it says, you're going to prosper. You're going to do well in life. People are going to like you. You're going to be one of the the everybody wants on their team because you're serving God, you're doing your best. NIV of that verse says, "Since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward, it is Christ you are serving. But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done and there is no respect of persons. And I view of that says anyone who does wrong will be repaid for their wrongs and there is no favoritism. So do you think because you're a Christian that you can slack on your job? The scriptures I just read say the exact opposite. Do you think that because you're a pastor, because you're a deacon or a trustee or a member of this church that God is not going to hold you accountable for your actions and your work ethic? No, you're more responsible and you're held to a higher level. You see the mutual respect that Paul, you have to look at the spirit that this is written in. So Paul is he starts with the with with just the the people that you're around and he goes to the families and and he's basically saying listen do your best and love one another and respect one another. That's the meaning for the whole thing. And and don't try to break it down and don't try to just just set a a well I have to do this if this and this. No, no, no. There's a spirit there, a spirit of respecting each other. And it's all throughout the Bible. Jesus did it. I mean, Paul, when he was when he was slapped in the face, when he was put in prison and he was being tried and he was slapped in face, I don't know if it was by the high priest or the high priest's servant. Paul didn't know who it was and he snapped back. You see the temper raise up in Paul. He says, "God will smite you, you whited wall." And then like, "Hey, that's the high priest." And he's like, "Oh, sorry." He respected even that position of the man. There was respect in Paul. Let's close. Let's continue on with uh chapter 4 um verse one. It says, "Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal, knowing that ye also have a master in heaven." In today's world, he's te he's telling the employers that you need to treat your employees right because you've got a boss too. And ultimately the big boss is God and he's watching. Again, show respect to everyone. And if you want God show to show you respect to respect your prayers, respect others. Verse number two, continue in prayer and watch in the same with thanksgiving. This is another one that we can live our lives by. It's devote yourselves to prayer and be watchful and thankful. How can we have understanding of the spirit, understanding of the scriptures if we're not praying about them? We're not asking God. If we don't have the Holy Spirit leading us, how can we have patience with our wives or patience with our husbands without prayer? How can you do it? How can you have wisdom to lead a family without prayer? How can we take a subservient role in a relationship without prayer? Whether that relationship is a respect for a parent, a husband or a boss. How can we do it without prayer? Without drawing that strength from God. How can we have patience and not lose our tempers without prayer? Amen. How can we do it? Sincere, fervent prayer. How can we truly know God without prayer? How can you know me if you don't talk to me? You hear me up here preaching, but you to get to know me, you have to have a conversation with me. You have to talk after service and see my personality and see the way I am. And that's how it is with God. How can we truly know God if we're not on our knees talking with him and communicating with him and not just talking ourselves? Let him talk back. If you come up to me and you're just a never- ending sentence and you leave, you don't know who I am. You didn't learn anything about me. All you did was talk the whole time. But let me talk. Amen. And then you will understand who this man is. And the same with God. Be still as as the psalm says, "And know that I'm God." Listen to him. Listen for his answer to these questions. Listen to his answer to the scriptures. Lord, what are you trying to say in this scripture? Lord, I place it into your hands. Help me. And then you think about that scripture and meditate on that scripture and he'll give you the answer. Paul understood, the musicians can come when we'll close. Paul understood that the only way people can truly follow the teachings of Christ is through a personal relationship with God, as I say often. And this cannot be accomplished without prayer. He taught mutual respect with our our our families and and each other. And I'll read verse three again. with all praying also for us. He says that God would open to unto us the door of utterance to speak the mystery of Christ for which I am also in bond. So we know that Paul is writing this letter from prison that I might make it manifest as I ought to speak. Walk in wisdom toward them that are without redeeming the time. That word without means it says the a more modern translation says be wise in the way you act towards outsiders making the most of every opportunity. Really that old man on the plane he says making the most of opportunity. My biggest um um regret was I didn't talk to him more and and I and I didn't get his phone number maybe and reach out to him later. Make the most of every opportunity, everything that we do, whoever we talk to, make the most of that. Make the most of my opportunity here in in my my hour of ministering. and I want to make the most of it and say respect one another friends don't let those things go that's what the apostle is trying to trying to say here with talking with the scientists with all the philosophical discussions did I present Christ in love to him and accurately according to the scriptures did I make the most of that opportunity and let your speech always be always with grace seasoned with salt that you may know how you ought to answer every man. I looked up that word grace. Let your speech be always seasoned with grace. The definition of grace is courteous goodwill. And another definition was unmmerited divine assistance given to humans for their regeneration or sanctification. A virtue coming from God. Thank you, Lord. And let your speech always be with that grace. seasoned with salt. They want more of it that you may know how you ought to answer every man. So Paul is closing his letter with a statement. Let your speech be always with grace, always courteous. No matter if you are angry with someone or if someone wronged with you, always be courteous. Always treat each other with respect. I just went through all the relationships that that every one of us have. I think I probably covered every single one. It's always with respect for each other, courteous towards towards each other, and always speaking to others with unmmerited divine assistance given to humans for their regeneration or sanctification that you might represent this grace of Jesus Christ to others. Amen. Amen. We'll finish the book of Colossians tonight. Um, and uh, I'm really I hope that you've been blessed by going through this this book. It just it hits every so many aspects of our lives from living like the world to living overly legalistic and now all the way to just treat each other with love and respect. Husbands and wives, just love each other. You know, wives, let put your husband up as the head of the family, but still have your own relationship. Husbands, treat your wife like Christ treats the bride of Christ. Thank you, Lord. Always be there for her. Children, respect your parents. Obey them. And it's not the promise is that you're going to live your life long on earth. And it isn't because your parents are just going to kill you. It's because they're going to teach you right. Amen. All right. If you do what they say, you'll prosper if you do what your parents say. Because guess what? They're the ones that love you the most in the whole world. His mom and dad, Jerry, your dad loves you more than anybody else in the world. You know, he does. And he wants what's best for you. He can be wrong. I could be wrong in dealing with my son. I might give him wrong advice every once in a while, but it's not because there's malice in my heart. It's because I love him. Put God first and then honor one another. Amen. We have baptisms this morning. How many baptisms? How many people would like to be baptized? One. Anyone else? At least one. Two. Yeah, we got plenty. Good. If you can make your way back to the back, friends, baptism is it's a statement to everyone here. The people that go up and are baptized in front of all of us, they're saying, "Listen, I'm a Christian. This man Jesus, the way that he gave his life for everyone else, the way that he put other people in front of himself when he prefers someone else, he would rather Jesus said, "I would rather this guy be rich than me." [Music] Does that thought ever even cross the mind of people? I would rather my colleague prosper in work than me. Wow. Can that happen? Straight is the gate and narrow is the way and few that will be able to find it is what Jesus said in that same context. So we have to live that life. Amen. Brother Josiah, there you are. Let's sing that old chorus, Brother Jordan. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. [Music] I don't want nothing here to hinder me. for someday his blessed face I want to see. [Music] It makes no difference what the cost or how heavy my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Let's sing that again. Oh, I don't want nothing here to hinder me. For someday his blessed face I want to see. It makes no difference what the cost or how heavy my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. That's right. You're getting it. Oh, I don't want nothing here to hinder me. For someday his blessed face I want to see. It makes no difference what the cost or how heavy my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Just one more time together. I don't want nothing here to hinder me for someday. His blessing face I want to see. Oh, it makes no difference what the cost or how heavy my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Hear that? Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave himself. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Let's sing that real sweetly now. Yes. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave himself. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave himself. What more could he do? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to live until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I could never never out love the Lord. Come on, let me hear you sing it. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love. Love till there's just no more love. for I could never ever out love the Lord. Baptism, as we know, is one of the foundational beliefs of a Christian. Baptism is symbolizing you going into the water, a sinner, and coming out washed clean from your sins. and not only going into the water as a sinner, but coming out as a new person in Christ. The Bible says a new man, a new woman in Christ. That is what we're doing today. The the the book of Acts when they saw the Holy Spirit fall, they wanted that se same thing that the apostles had. They wanted that same spirit. They wanted to live the same life. And when they asked the Apostle Peter, they said, "What do what do we do?" Peter said, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and then you shall receive that gift of the Holy Spirit, that same gift that fell upon the apostles." Sister, if you say your name, Angelina. Sister Angelina, as as a friend, you've been coming here for a while now. The family is just a blessing to all of us and and seeing the the dedication that they have. This this new family with these new children and wanting to serve the Lord. Sister Angelina comes in here. Sister, you know what this represents and this is by your own desire. This is something that you want. That's the most important thing that there's something inside of you. God bless you. the name of Jesus Christ. Sister Angelina, by your own confession, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. Praise God. It's a good day. We have more. Praise the Lord. It's this is there's a lot of hard things about being a pastor, but this is not one of them. This is just one of the the greatest things that that you can do as a minister and being a part of a soul giving his or her life to the Lord Jesus. been watching this young man and it's a blessing to see the Lord working in his heart. What's your name? Joseph Boswell. Brother Joseph is um the Lord's working on it and he's doing this and brother Joseph this is your own decision and you are doing this because you are making a change. You are giving your heart to Jesus Christ. It's the best decision you could ever make in your life. my hand. Joseph are your own confession. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. That's it. Praise God. I love doing this. You know, God's blessing our church more and more people coming to baptism. More and more how how the Lord is dealing with in miracles, bringing them back. Listen, claim. If there's something on your heart, claim it in the name of Jesus Christ. Put it into his hands. And he promised that if we agree, just two of us, but if this whole congregation will agree, then he will do it. So, do you have something on your heart, friends? Let's all stand. When we close in prayer, if you have something on your heart, make sure to put it before the Lord and trust in God that he will deliver that which you have placed before him. Amen. Brother Jordan, could you come up and close in prayer? Brother Jordan Peterson, God bless you, brothers and sisters. I appreciate your kindness. I appreciate the service this morning. Do you love the word of God? You love the book of Colossians. We will finish up this evening and if the Lord's willing, I want to read the entire book. So, we'll there's just some uh some greetings at the end that we haven't read yet. And then I just want to read the entire book just just like we are the the Colossian church and just sit back and just listen to this would have been the same as it was 2,000 years ago when the Apostle Paul wrote these words. I want to do that tonight if the Lord's willing. So God bless you. Hope to see you this evening. Brother Josiah, turn it back to you. Thanks. [Music] this morning. Lord, we humbly come to you. Uh people that need you, Lord. And as brother Josiah just taught us that song, we don't want nothing to hinder us, Lord. So just help us, Lord. We see these ones come to be baptized this morning. Just bless them, Lord, now as they go. and just help them to to fight the fight of good faith, Lord, to be the Christians, Lord, as they go, Lord. Strengthen them, Lord. Grant them full filling of your spirit, Lord. And each one of us, Lord, if we're lacking that oil in our lamps, Lord, would you just fill us, Lord, and let us be ready for your soon coming, Lord Jesus. Lord, we see the times changing, Lord, and the things happening, Lord, and so we just ask that you would help us, Lord. And if you would terry, Lord, may we just continue as Christians. Lord, increasing in character and Lord, seeking, Lord, a closer walk with you. Lord, bless each one that came this morning. Continue to be with our day, Lord. Help us to make it a day of just thinking on you and worshiping you and praising you for all the things you've done for us, Lord. And we'll be sure to give you all the glory and the honor that's due you. We pray these things in your name, our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank God I am free. If we could get the the words to that song up there, Brother Tim.
