################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-06 - The Law and the Prophets, The Sermon on the Mount: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-06
Title:   The Law and the Prophets, The Sermon on the Mount: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IbeRYcQNlM
========================================

I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. And those look on him are radent. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my enemies. And the son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. And let us bless the Lord every day and night. neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord [Music] every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night and place. May our inent rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] ever in praise. May our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name. together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Amen. Are you happy to be in church this morning? Amen. if we could stand to our feet this morning. And if the Sunday school, uh, you can go ahead and be dismissed. And I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There's been times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave me blessed consolation. He only gave me trials to make me strong. [Music] Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. And I've been to a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces. And there's been times where I felt so all alone. home. But in those lonely hours, yes, those precious lonely hours, and Jesus let me know I was his own. And through it all, and through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. So I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For if I've never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve them. And I never know what faith in God can do. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. We can trust Jesus this morning. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] And we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] And we fall now. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. [Music] the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb [Music] and you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. If we could stand this morning if the brothers would come for the prayer requests and offerings. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] singing that. My what a sweet presence. We have one prayer request this morning. There was nothing else turned in. From brother Juan Oetta. He's asking for prayer for his mom. She's having surgery on her heart on Thursday sometime Thursday. Her name is Sarah Oetta. They would truly appreciate us keeping her in prayer. I don't know if anyone would have something that they'd like to make known to the Lord with an uplifted hand, but we serve a mighty God. Everything that we have need of has been paid for. All we have to do is can receive. So let's go before the Lord this morning. Our gracious heavenly father. Lord, what a mighty name that we can call upon. Lord, we're so thankful that we can call upon your name and lay the requests that was been written out, the requests that have been mentioned with an uplifted hand. for those that aren't able to to be here this morning that are streaming. Lord, any request that they would have, Lord, all we're calling upon your name and just asking that you'd move upon the scene for each of these requests. Lord, your children are needy and these are important to your children. So Lord, we want to lay them at your feet. We commit them into your hands, dear Lord, knowing that you will move and answer our request. Father, be in this service this morning. Be in the remainder of the songs. Be with our pastor as he brings forth the word. Please feel welcomed here this morning, Lord, as we worship you. Accept our praise. May our praise be found pleasing in your eyes. We commit the remainder of this service, Lord, and and the offering that's about to be taken, we'd ask that you'd bless it for the intended use in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God and I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire in our darkest night life. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] For all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. [Music] And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus [Music] and I just want to speak the name of Jesus to every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety to every soul held captive by depression. I speak Jesus [Music] cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. And Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Oh shout Jesus this morning. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. and Jesus in the streets. And Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] If we could stand this morning. If we could stand this morning. Sorry. [Music] Throughout my history, your faithfulness is walked beside me. The winter storms make way for spring. and every season from where I'm standing. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. [Music] The fear may come but fear will leave. [Music] You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. [Music] And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is sinless. All my sin rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus, and see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment [Music] all over my life. All over my life. Let's bow our heads. Our father, thank you Lord for your spirit this morning. Father, it's somber spirit, Lord, that you brought amongst us this morning. And Father, we we appreciate your kindness, your love to us. Lord, as I read these scriptures, I pray that they would resonate the congregation's lives, Father. That we would leave here better people than when we came. that we be closer to our Lord and our Savior, Father, that we would have a better understanding of this word that could help us so much. Help us, Father, I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's before we're seated, let's turn in our Bibles. If the musicians could stay for a moment, let's turn in our Bibles to Matthew chapter 5. We will continue on with this sermon on the mount. [Music] We'll start with verse 17. [Music] It reads like this. [Music] Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, not one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. Amen. Buddy, can you do one more um one more verse of that evidence? That was really good before we seated. &gt;&gt; I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. [Music] All my life [Music] and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Amen. He's good. You can be seated. Amen. You know, it's it's amazing how different God is and how that I like a church that is sensitive to the Holy Spirit, the spirit of God. Many times I come out and everybody's shouting, everybody's clapping, everybody's happy and and I come out and and I u I feel confident and and I can I can laugh with the congregation and then other times like today I came out and it's like whoa Lord this is a heavy spirit. It's a good feeling. And he's different. He's a God of variety. Sometimes you come out and like today and boy, he just wants to be worshiped. He wants us quiet before him. And that's why you see that there wasn't a lot of clapping. There wasn't a lot of just loud loud voices. It was just a somber spirit. And I want to be when I come out, I want to be in that spirit. When I walk to the pulpit, I want to be in the spirit that the Lord has placed upon the congregation because I believe it's him. And I want I want to follow up with that as as we move forward. We've been in this for our visitors. We've been in this sermon on the mount and uh it's tremendous. I do like seeing our visitors. I didn't uh Who's this here with you? Such a great &gt;&gt; uh Gia, welcome. God bless you. It's good to see you. You are welcome in in church anytime. It's glad glad to have you in service. And uh I see man, I walked out. Didn't expect it, but I saw a smiling face back there. My You're not my sister-in-law. What are you, Claire? Kind of a cousin-in-law. I saw Claire and and Luke, my my dear friend and my cousin here. Um, dear friends and family. It's It's good to see you all here. Wow. I just that gave me a lot of strength. It's it's good to see you all here. And all the all the babies there. Wow. I just I feel right at home. and any other visitors that I might have missed. God bless you. Welcome. We've been going through the sermon on the mount. And it's been uh it's been really really good. I was talking with Daniel yesterday and I was telling him about what I'm going to minister on today and I was like, "Ah, buddy. It's it's really neat about how that Jesus goes to this about the the spirit really becoming alive in you." And Daniel's like, "Dad, h this has been really great." He says, "I love the way you've done this." He says, "It's been amazing." He says, "You went from the biatitudes and and how that the progression of becoming a Christian and then once you become a Christian, then you become the light of the world and you become the salt of the earth and you become a city on the hill." He's like, "Dad, I I just love the way that you've done it and and now how that you're going to the law and how this law becomes alive in you." I was like, "Buddy, um, God came down in flesh and preached this sermon." I'm just reading what he said. The greatness of this sermon, the masterpiece that this sermon is, Jesus preached this. This was his first public sermon. And we should be like that. We should be reading this word, this Matthew chapter 5 and 6 and 7 and be like, whoa, this is incredible. Who could say such words? Who could who could bring such wisdom? And that's what this Jesus did. He's up on this mountain, up on this hill, and all of these people are around them. And these are really this is his first recorded sermon that we have. He had a reputation. He already had a reputation. We know that his reputation was he the believe it's the book of Luke that says he grew in stature and he grew in in the confidence of God and in man. He he grew in that and and he he grew in favor and he had already healed the sick and he already preached repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. So this man had a reputation and he starts preaching this kingdom of heaven or kingdom of God. And when he's talking about this kingdom of heaven, this kingdom of heaven, it's a it's it's not like you think. It's not it's not off in heaven. This is a a a reality, a present reality that we are living in as Jesus is preaching this and it gives us a future hope of what God has in store for us. So when you when you hear you read and Jesus is saying that the the kingdom of heaven or the kingdom of God is at hand, he's talking about living on earth right now and what we are doing. And this this uh sermon on the mount, it is a pivotal time in history. This is when the Old Testament and all of the prophets come to the point that all of these prophecies are fulfilled in this man, Jesus Christ. And now he is bringing all of the Old Testament. He's bringing it to life. And he's saying, "Hey, this is all of it. This is what they were all asking for. This is this is the mystery of God revealed right here in this man, Jesus Christ. It's it's really the pivotal time in history that for 2,000 years they've been preaching the same thing. They've been preaching this law and now it is time. Imagine 2,000 years. It's time to make the next step. And Jesus here in this sermon on the mount, he's laying a foundation for us all to make this next step and it is amazing. His words are just incredible. So he started we've gone through the biatitudes and he says he says things like blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of of heaven. You have to understand you have to be poor in spirit. You have to understand that you're a sinner. You can witness and you can teach and you can do everything that you know how to to someone, but until they realize that they're a sinner, until they realize that they're not all of that, until they realize that they need a savior, friends, there's nothing you can do. You have to someone has to realize I need help before you can give them help. They need they need to realize I am not a good person. And let me tell you, there has never except for Jesus, there has never been someone someone born that is a good person. All of us need saving. And then he says, "Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted." You have to regret your sins. You have to regret your decisions. You have to say, "Oh, Lord, I wish I wouldn't have done that. I've done I've done this." You have to feel bad for your sins because that's the very start of repentance right there. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. You have to humble yourself and be able to take correction. Now, blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be f filled. Then, after you've gone through through this progression, now you need to hunger and thirst. Lord, I want to be better. I want to be a better person. I want to change my life. I want to do everything that I can to give my heart to the Lord. And then it just you the rest is just putting on a Christian life. Taking taking what Jesus said and then putting into a putting into action. Now you are once you've done this, once you've repented, once you've changed, now you are the salt of the earth. Now you are the light of the world. Now you are a city up on a hill. Now you represent the Lord. And Jesus is is go going through this beautiful progression. And then he gets the next thing he comes to is what I just read. And it's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Now, people are generally afraid of something new. They're afraid of change. You know, they they're most people are resistant to ch to change. They're suspicious of change because it just doesn't feel right feel right. And they're usually they'll condemn change because it's just this isn't what I'm used to. I I don't like this. I I just it this doesn't feel right. Well, it doesn't feel right because that's what you're used to doing. I remember Luke's an athlete. Claire's an athlete, too. When like when I was playing baseball, I remember the coach changing my delivery when I was a pitcher. And it felt so awkward. It's like, man, I I just I don't like doing it this way. I like doing it my way, but I was able to he coached me through it and then I was able to make a change and become a better pitcher. I remember when I was learning to snow ski is when when we were going down the hill, I liked having my feet wide like this because I had my balance and I wouldn't fall over. But to do it right, your feet need to be together. But I liked going like this and and the my friends, they they had their feet apart, you know, and they could get down the the hill and I was trying to do it the way the coach said it. So I would put my feet together and I'd fall. And eventually I got to where I could go down the slopes faster and better. And I learned that putting my feet together is more efficient when you're going through the mogul and it's quicker. And if your feet are apart like this, you can't do what you can when you have the proper form. But it's awkward when you first do it. So after a while, after a year or so, I was cruising down the slopes like a pro, and my buddies were still snowplowing down. They didn't know what they were doing, but they weren't falling. I f I fell a lot more at the beginning, but I got better at it. And that's how that's how as a Christian sometimes it doesn't feel right when we make a change. It doesn't feel right when your coach is trying to get you to to swing a different way. But listen to him and it will make you a better person. And that's why this Jesus when he is coming, he knows what's going to happen when he's preaching. He knows he's going to bring some things that don't resonate with the crowd or that that they're going to be like, "Ah, that's not what I learned in school. That's not what I learned in the synagogue. That's not what my my um my priest used to tell me." And Jesus, he is preempting that. And he's saying, "Listen, I'm not coming here to try to change everything that you've heard." He's saying that just just hear me out and you'll be better for it if you just understand what these rules in the Old Testament are for. Just understand that. I'm sure that there was when on that sermon on the mount, I'm sure there were plenty of teenagers out there that were sitting on the hill and with their long curly locks hanging down and the boys are like, "Man, why do I have to have this hair like this? Why do I have to wear it like this? And and why why can't I just cut my beard? Why can't I look like the Romans? Why can't I look like them? You know, my my face is patchy and I look dumb and I have these weird real weird curls coming out. How come I have to look like this? And Jesus is up there and he's saying that he's going to tell us in the sermon on the mount that everything that you have learned is going to be for a reason. And Jesus is going to in this sermon on the mount, Jesus is going to take all of the Old Testament that they have been taught, all of their rules and regulations, how ridiculous they may seem, and he's going to say, "Hey, this is the purpose of all of them." And no, I am not here to tell you that everything that you've learned before is wrong. He's saying I am here to tell you that it is fulfilled in me and also it can be applied to this day. It needs to be alive in you. Jesus is talking about the inner man. While the law was talking about the outward appearance, but Jesus, he is taking it deeper and he's making it about the inside man. The heart of a person is what Jesus is after. And that's what his whole ministry is going to be. And you have to understand that before you can really understand Jesus's ministry or the apostles ministry after him. You have to understand that it is no longer about the outward appearance. That outward appearance was right. That outward that outward teaching was right. But you need to now apply it to the inside man. And then wow does it become powerful. You need to understand that these concepts that that we've learned in the Old Testament, Jesus speaking, that there is a difference now between the Old Testament and the New Testament. Remember, there was no New Testament when Jesus was there. This is just the start of the New Testament. That that Old Testament now needs to come to life. And Jesus is like, "No, you don't throw it out. It's just as true. So when when we're learning these things, one of the questions that comes up so much for Christians is, "Do I believe the Old Testament or not?" And a lot of times you'll hear, "Well, that's Old Testament." We don't believe that. But you, Jesus said that none of it will fail. All of it's true. &gt;&gt; So how can that be? and then you come out and then Paul's like, "Yeah, you don't have to do that anymore." So, how can that make sense? Best way really to understand these things is to just we dig into the scriptures and then we see how these scriptures apply to us. But one thing that I don't like and I've said this many times is if somebody tells you no don't ask why just believe it. You should ask why. Very important. If somebody says, "Oh, just just don't question it. Just believe it. Just have faith." Wait a minute. How can you have faith in something that doesn't make sense? You need to ask why. Why do we do things? Why do we Why did the boys have long hair, the the Orthodox Jews? Why do they not shave the sides of their head? Why do certain Why do we have certain dress codes? What are these things? Why do they matter? Heath um asked me after service, he said that he wants to be anointed with oil. He's struggling with some health problems. What does it mean? Why? Why do we anoint with oil? Well, the Bible says so. Why? There's certain things that are symbolic in the Bible. Being anointed with oil is symbolic. It represents things in the Bible. It represents the Holy Spirit when we anoint with oil. The ano oil also represents soothing properties. Makes you feel better if you have a burn or something like that. And to me, the anointing oil, when I anoint someone with oil, it supersedes my own faith because I'm reading out of the Bible to do this. And it's like, it doesn't matter my faith or not. It doesn't matter. I have faith in God's word, what it says. I am just doing what the word says. And then when I anoint you with oil, then I just put it in the Lord's hands. And now it's his job. It's not my job. &gt;&gt; I have done what God told me to do. James chapter 5, I believe it's James chapter 5, it says, "Is there any sick among you? Let him call for the elders of the church and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord. I take the no the oil and I do that and anoint you in the name of the Lord Jesus. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick and the Lord shall raise him up and if he have committed sins, it shall be forgiven him." So when I anoint with oil, just the very act is really all the faith that I needed to do. I have faith that God's word is true. I take the oil. I anoint you. I showed my faith. Now Lord, it's in your hands. I've seen so many people healed just from the very anointing oil. It's not the literal thing, but that oil represents something else. It's like baptism. Baptism is symbolic. It's not baptiz baptism that saves you. saves you. It represents taking the same path as Jesus, dying to yourself and going down into the water and the water washing away your sins and then coming up a clean vessel set aside for service of the Lord. That's what baptism represents. It's symbolic of something else and that's why we do it. This is symbolic. Lord, I'm doing this to symbolize what you've done in my life. But then there are other things that are literal in the Bible. Now, I'm getting to the Old Testament here. I'm trying to lay a foundation for some of the things in the Old Testament I want to talk about. There are also literal things. Believe it's the uh fourth I think it's the fourth commandment to remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. That's a literal thing. This isn't symbolic that we prepare we we that God has told us to set one day aside in our week. Don't work on that day. Don't do don't do any type of manual labor on that day. Set that day aside from the Lord be for the Lord because if you don't, you're going to continue on every day and you're not going to give the Lord at least one day because you're humans and it's human nature. That's why we come to church. That's why we get up in the morning. That's why we argue with our spouse as we're trying to get the kids ready. We're making an effort. You shouldn't do that. But that's what that's what we do. That's why sometimes it's the hardest thing to drive to church. That's when the enemy gets in there and you feel the fighting and you feel the arguing because that pressure because you're doing something right. You're doing an ordinance of God in coming to church. It's important. You are making that effort. And if you don't, you might you might listen to a sermon on Sunday morning while you're washing your car or do some doing something else. That's not the same as giving it to God. You're not going through everything associated with worshiping. You're not getting your best clothes on. You're not waking up early. You're not giving the Lord that. And that's why he says this commandment, honor the Sabbath day to keep it holy. And we continue on with that today and taking one day the Lord's day on Sunday and setting it aside for God because the Bible says Jesus said that he says man wasn't created for the Sabbath. It was the Sabbath was created for man. The Sabbath is there to help us to make us better people. Because if we don't if we don't have that dedication in our life, we won't be as good of a person. You cannot be as good of a person outside not going to church as you can in church. Why? Doesn't mean you won't learn more of the word. You can dedicate every day and in studying the word, but you need to come in. You need to bring your gift into the church. You need to help. You need to serve others. And then you come in and then you're around others and it's it's I mean it's very seldom that you ever said, "I wish I wouldn't have gone to church today." But there's many times you say, "Man, I wish I I would have gone, but now I'm just into this rut and I'm not going in." So there are literal things in the Old Testament. And then there are symbolic things. And when Jesus is talking about this, I'm looking forward to getting into this. He's he's He knows that he's going to be preaching things on this day and in the next three years that are going to be new and going to be difficult for the people to understand. And he's saying that listen, I'm still for the prophets. I'm still for the law. Just listen to me. Just let it become real in your life. So in Matthew chapter 5, he says this. Let's get into it. Verse number 17, he says this, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy it, but to fulfill." So some people, as I said, some people pose the argument, what good is the Old Testament to us? Anyways, and then they'll quote strange commandments in the Old Testament that I mentioned one of them like a man shouldn't cut the hair next to his temple or that talks about slavery or talks about other things like that. Um or that the person maybe that commits adultery should be stoned or that um that you shouldn't cut your beard or many of those other things. So, are we under the new covenant or are we under the old covenant? And and everybody will say that we're under the new covenant. And that's true. But we don't. Jesus is saying, "Don't throw away the old." Remember Jesus's audience. He's not preaching to Gentiles. He's preaching to Jews. He's preaching to the ones who came up under the law. They went to the synagogue. They honor the Sabbath. They do the they they follow all the laws. And there's like over 600 laws that they try to follow, every one of them. and they live in a legalistic way of life, but the spirit is not there with them. And now with this sermon on the mount, he's laying the foundation for the spirit to come down. And Jesus is now not talking about the outward person. He's talking about the inward person. For verily I say to you, till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled. The word jot or tit, it's just the smallest marks in the Hebrew alphabet, but they have meaning. Each one, even though it may be very small, each one has a meaning. So Jesus is saying right here that it is all important. All of it. You can't just throw it out. And whosoever therefore shall break one of the least of these commandments and teach and teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. This has troubled me. I got to admit really for the past week. I've been praying about this and meditating on it. Lord, I don't want to say that we don't have to worry about certain things that Moses commanded, even though they don't they don't make sense at all. I don't want to ever say something like that. And I don't want to be guilty of teaching that. You notice again in verse 17, it says, he says, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law of the prophets. I came not to d I came not I I am not come to destroy but fulfill. So the law we know we got to know the difference with the law and the prophets. The law is the Torah, Genesis through Deuteronomy, the Moses's writings, first five books of the Bible, and then the prophets is everything else in this case. That's Jonah and and Samuel and and all of and Isaiah and Jeremiah. All of those. So Jesus is saying he's lumping them all together and he's saying that all of the Bible is true. The Bible to that day was day was the Old Testament. All of it is true. Now if you look at the laws, let's go to Moses's laws. Most commentaries on this, you'll see really there's three different laws that we have. There are the moral laws which are the ten commandments. Don't lie, don't cheat, don't steal, don't kill, and be honest. The Christians believe those are still in effect. All right. Then there's the ceremonial laws. There's the feast days, the sacrifices, sacrificing an animal for your sins, special diets, uh special dietary laws. Really, the Christians believe that those were fulfilled in Jesus Christ. So when you sin, you don't take an animal and you and kill it for your sins. No, that's already be done. That's already been fulfilled. All right? Those are the ceremonial laws. And then there's these so society laws. That's the outward appearance. And many of those were written for the time that Moses wrote them. It doesn't mean that they've passed away or they've expired and but it means that they are not necessarily applicable in today's society like slavery. When Moses wrote these things, there was slavery. So, he wrote certain things about slavery like you're only allowed to have a Hebrew slave for six years in Exodus chapter 21. That doesn't apply to us today. If you strike your slave in the eye and he loses the eye, then you are to let him go go free. That doesn't apply to us today. Anyone who beats their male or female slave with a rod must be punished if the slave dies as a direct result. That's not doesn't apply to our society today. All right? And and we can't try to make it. And then there's other places that like I mentioned the Hebrews in Leviticus shaving they they weren't allowed to shave the temple of of their head. They weren't allowed to cut their hair. And you see in the Orthodox Jews today, they still live by that. You see they have the long curls coming down. They are not to cut that part of their hair because it says this in the Levitical laws. Well, why does it say that? It says it because they were about to go over the Jordan River. They were about to go over with Moses over into the promised land. They came out of Egypt with with great power of God. They went through the desert and now they were going over into this place called Canaan's land that was filled with idolattors and filled with witchcraft and filled with all of these things. And some of the things that were part of that society were associated with idolatry, were associated with witchcraft. And Moses is saying, don't do what they do. And part of it was they would shave their parts of their their head or they would trim their beard in a certain way and it was for idolatry. It was for a heathen practice. And Moses is like, "Don't do that." And God was like, "When you go over there, don't act like them. Don't mimic them today." Now, many of these things we can apply today. Now, obviously, the shaving of the head is is different, but I hope it's different, but it's still the the foundation is right. is that the influencers we see out in out on uh the uh social media and that they are influencing people to live in a certain way that is not godly and then they are people mimic what they do. And you can take these scriptures and they may not mean anything to us, but you can take these scriptures and you can say, "Wait a minute, that it may have been cutting of hair over here or wearing a certain garment over over there, but I can see now today that these people that are are that we are mimicking that we are acting like they are not good examples. They are not Christians. They are not godly. and to ma to for us to want to look like them or act like them or do the same thing that they do. Now we are crossing the the barrier line where God doesn't want us to cross. But this spirit that was in Moses when he was writing that is the same spirit now that Jesus is going to tell us that it needs to be inside of you to where now you're not following a set of rules. And if we follow a set of rules, you know what it always bring? It always brings sin. It brings immoral living. Even though we may wear the costume, sin comes in and it's because it's an outward show. And Jesus is getting at the heart and he's going to talk about adultery and he's going to talk about many things in coming up in this sermon on the mount that he's like, "Oh yeah, you said that." Really? Moses said, "Oh, yeah. It's okay to divorce your wife as long as you agree and you write her this this note. Give it to her and then she can go marry somebody else." And Jesus is like, "Wait a minute." No. He wants this word now to live within us so we understand why these things were commanded. So, we don't go to the there's no law maybe against going to the clubs. There's no law against wearing provocative clothes maybe that the influencers wear. But we want to we don't want to act like them. We don't want to look like them. We want to act like a Christian. We want to talk like a Christian. We don't want to cuss because that's what the unbelievers do. That's what the when Moses when they were going over, he's like, "Don't act like them. Don't be like them because it brings in sin into your life. I want to read from Deuteronomy just to show you what I'm talking about here. Deuteronomy chapter 22. These things sound strange, but they're societal laws and we can apply them to our lives. So when we're at home, when we're talking with our wives or husbands or or children, we can read the Old Testament and be like, well, you know, how does this apply to my life? And it may seem like the strangest scripture, but we can take that scripture and say, okay, here's the meaning behind it. Here's what God is trying to protect us from. Now, how can we apply it? You shall not Deuteronomy chapter 22 verse one says this. You shall not see your brother's ox or his sheep going astray and hide yourself from them. You shall certainly bring them back to your brother. How many people in this room own an ox? Brother David from Kenya. You really praise God. Brother David has an ox. So you can read this literally. It doesn't apply to me. All right? But it does apply to us. Not one jot or one tit shall pass away. Listen to this. And if your brother is not near you or if you do not know him, then you shall bring it to your own house and it shall remain with you until your brother seeks it and then you shall restore him. So if this ox gets lost, then you go get this ox, you shall do the same with his donkey, and so shall you do with his garment. With anything lost of your brothers, which he has lost, you have found, so you shall do likewise. You must not hide yourself. So do we have a donkey? How many How many have a donkey? We have one person with an ax. How many have a donkey? Salazars aren't here. How many have a donkey? But how many have a purse? How many have a wallet? How many have a phone? So if you find your brother's wallet or his phone, tell him you have it. If you find your brother's iPad, tell him that you have it so he can come pick it up. The law didn't just pass away because we don't own own donkeys and oxes. It's a it's a way of thinking. It's a way of doing things. this law. Now, before they were like, well, that's not that's technically not an ox. That's a cow, so it doesn't count. But no, now Jesus is is going to be telling us, make these things real. You shall not you shall not see your brother's donkey or his ox fall down along the road and hide yourself from them. You shall surely help him lift them up again. This doesn't necessarily apply to today's society, but if you see somebody's dog loose on the streets and you just drive by, no. Now, you're breaking this commandment. Go get the dog. Go get it and bring it home. Don't just say, "Hey, I saw your dog out there running." You have to take You have to make an effort. You have to go get the dog. You have to help your brother. Verse number five, a woman shall not wear anything that pertains to a man, nor shall a man put on a woman's garment, for all who do so are an abomination to the Lord your God. When this was written, men and women women wore robes. Society is different, but the concept is the same. A man should not wear feminine clothes that makes him look like a woman. And a woman shouldn't wear masculine clothes that makes her look like a man. The society, societal issues, they were different back then. They were different clothing back then, but the concept was the same. And a man really, it's saying a man should not be feminine and a woman should not be masculine. I know that's not really what the influencers teach you on the on the on the social media, but you shouldn't. A a girl should be feminine. She should be a lady. And a man shouldn't be a He should be a man. And today's society is maybe different than it was 4,000 years ago, 3,000 years ago, 70 years ago, but the concept is the same. A man should not dress like a woman. I was in Home Depot the other day. Strangest thing. It was weirder than Walmart on this day. I'm in Home Depot and I'm going along and there's this like 63 60some year old man wrinkled big old giant hands with wrinkled hands like he's been working his whole life wearing a dress. I mean a real dress, not like a kilt. He was wearing a dress and he's walking through the store and even people are like, "Whoa, this is weird. This is what he's talking about. A man should not wear that which pertains to a woman." And how much are we seeing it now in our day? And how much are we seeing the other way around where women are dressing and acting like something that they weren't born to act and to the all the way to science has made it to where they can just change genders. But look at how God saw this thousands of years ago and he said don't do it and this we don't just leave that in the Old Testament. We can bring that out to today that no we don't do that. As I said a girl should be a girl. She should be feminine and a man should be masculine. Verse number six. And you think when you're reading this Old Testament, as I said, apply it to your life. How would you apply this one? Verse number six. If a bird's nest happened to be before you along the w along the way in any tree or on the ground with young ones or eggs with the mother sitting on on the young or on the eggs, you shall not take the mother with the young. You shall surely let the mother go and take the young for yourself that it may be well with you and that you may prolong your days. How would that affect us? This is a society thing. It was happening in that society. But when we read the Bible, don't forget Jesus said, "Not one jot, not one tit." It's all true. So if you found a bird, bird nest, and here this bird is sitting on the babies. Um, before I guess they were eating them, it's gross, you know? I mean today in today's society or maybe they were taking them and maybe starting their own collection of birds but the Bible says that you don't take the whole family. You just you leave the mother and you can take the babies. Why? It had a very specific purpose. And that's what you have to say. You have to say why why why does the Bible say this? It has. It's not any of it's not going to pass away. Why does it say that? How many hunters are here? There's quite a few. You go out, if you're hunting bears in Arizona, in each unit, there's a quota for s for females. And once that quota is hit, whether it's two or three or whatever it is, then they shut down the hunt. It's to prolong the species to to make sure we have that renewable resource. And here this is very plain. God's telling them he's like, "Listen, if you just take everything right now, you're not going to have anything for the future. It's very it's it makes a lot of sense and it's it's the word of God. And if you you can even apply it to your lives. I remember we we had did a project in East Africa and they had a a big hurricane that came through and wiped out all their crops and there was still time to get the corn in the ground. So we sent these we sent this seed corn there and they took the corn and instead of planting it, they ate it. They cooked it up and ate it. They wanted that meal right now. But it's like, no, you should have put it in the ground and then you would have had crops later on, but instead you wiped it all out and now you're going to suffer down the road. And here's this is what the word is saying that don't take all of your resources now, put some back for later and have that sustainable, that renewable resource. And that's what these laws are. These these laws, they may not you may not think that they apply in our society, but it doesn't mean that the word wasn't perfect when it was spoken. Times change, our surroundings change, our cultures change, but the law is still right as we apply it to our own lives. And by the blood of Jesus Christ, we are not under that law. We don't sacrifice certain animals when we sin. All right? because that was fulfilled in Jesus Christ. We see, okay, we don't do this anymore. And but we do ask why. Why did I have to why do we have to sacrifice a lamb? Why was it a a bull over here or an a uh why was it a turtle dove over here? All of those represent what Jesus Christ did on the cross. And we should ask why so that we will understand the purpose that Jesus came. So, back to the the cutting of of your hair in a certain way or wearing certain clothes, we understand that there needs to be a purpose behind that. And we need to understand those things. We don't want to present ourselves that makes us look like a homosexual or a man's not supposed to look feminine, a woman's not supposed to look masculine. We don't talk in the way that the world talks. We don't cuss. We're honest. When someone loses something, we help them find it. These are basic things that are in the Bible and that we can we can apply them to our own lives. In the Old Testament, it was about the outward man. And now Jesus, as he is going through this sermon on the mount, he is talking about the inward man, which is far more important, friends. And that's what this sermon on the mount is moving towards. Jesus is going to start going through these Old Testament things and he's gonna say they're right. You have heard this, but let me tell you, here's how it applies to your life. And it is powerful. Matthew chapter 5 and uh boy, I didn't get very far. Uh verse number 20. Listen to this. Matthew 5:20. We'll continue on with sermon on the mount. For I say unto you, Jesus speaking, that except your righteousness shall shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, you shall in no case enter the kingdom of heaven. Wow. Except your righteousness exceeds all of these people that are living these so-called perfect lives, then you'll in no wise enter the kingdom. He's like, "Dude, I'm not going to make it." But Jesus, there is something when we talk about this righteousness that if we truly accept Christ, if we truly accept him into our hearts, then there is a righteousness that comes in us. For I say unto you that except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven. Let that one cook for a week. All right? Let that cook for this week. Think about that. Ponder on those things. Study on those things. And we'll close and the um musicians can come. I I got about a third of the way through, but it's good because we got next Sunday. And if the Lord comes between now and next Sunday, then we'll just pick this up on the other side, right? Maybe Jesus himself will tell us. Let's go to Galatians chapter 3. And I'll close with this. Galatians chapter 3 21 says this. Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid. For if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. The English Standard version of that says, "Is the law then contrary to the promises of God?" Certainly not. For if a law had been given that could give life, then righteousness would indeed be by the law. But the scripture hath concluded all under sin that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe. So he's saying, but the scriptures declare that we are all prisoners of sin. So we all receive God's promise of freedom by only believing in Jesus Christ is what the English the um New Living Translation. I'll say that again. But the scriptures declare that we are all prisoners of sin. So we receive God's promise of freedom only by believing in Jesus Christ. So now we're talking about how the righteousness can can be greater than the righteousness of those Pharisees and Sadducees. But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up under the faith which should afterwards be revealed. Wherefore the law was our school master to bring us unto Christ that we might be justified by faith. So the law is not done away with. It brings us to Jesus. So we can be justified by faith in him. Are you tracking? Now this is where Jesus is going with the sermon on the mount. But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a school master. So it doesn't mean that the law is done away with. It means that the law is a success in our lives because now we know Christ. For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. [Music] For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. Now we're back into the symbolism. For as many of you have that have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. You have taken on this Jesus Christ. When you are baptized, you say, "I now am a Christian. I am taking on this name of Jesus Christ and I am going to be a different person." You have put on Christ. Now you are not under that school master. You are not under that law. Now you know what the law means. Now it's become real to you. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither bond nor free. There is neither male nor female. For you are all one in Christ. And if you be Christs, then you are Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. So he's saying here, you can be born a gentile and have nothing to do with this lineage that the bi the Old Testament is all about from from Abraham all the way through Malachi. It's all about this one lineage, this these Jewish people. And now he's saying that now listen, if you have been baptized into Christ, if you have taken on that name of baptism, now you are an heir according to the promise. Now you are one of God's. Now you are are one of Jesus Christ's children. We talked a couple weeks ago about brother Jeremy, Sister Angela adopting these kids. They are now heirs to this family. They It's the same as if they were born into the family. And that is us. We may have lived this this terrible life. We have been may have done whatever it might be, but now we can take on this name of Jesus. And it's like, you know what? Now I'm a son of God. I am a daughter of God. Everything that Jesus promised to, I am heir to. If he promised my healing, I am heir to that. If he promised my salvation, I have a right to that. I have a right to everything that he is because I have given my life over to him. And the Apostle Paul says here, he says, "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ." You have taken on that, you have taken on that name of Jesus. Amen. Do you see how the Old Testament when Jesus is say he's saying here is I didn't come to do away with it. I came to fulfill it. I came to make it real. I came to fulfill all of that sacrifice. I came to do that. I am that sacrifice. And all of the the things that Moses wrote and all and all of the laws that may not seem like like it means anything, but it does mean something. It's all correct. Don't just throw it out. Don't throw out that Old Testament. When you sit down with your families and you study the Bible, feel free to open up the Old Testament and then talk about it. How does this affect my life? Where is this in my life? And you can see you can apply all of it to our lives. For as many of you has been baptized into Christ, you have put on Christ. I know that we have one baptism. Do we have any more? We still have one. Yes. All right. Anybody else? To take on that name that you're no longer under that school master. You're no no longer under all the rules. You are no longer under the legalism that was the Old Testament. You respect that and you still know that it's true. But now it becomes flesh. Now it becomes real. Now, you can make every decision according to the word of God and not a list of things of rules. Well, I'm not allowed to do that. I am allowed to do this. I'm not allowed to do that. I can't do that. Oh, sorry. I can't I can't do that. I can't go over there. I can't I can do this. I'm allowed to do this. It's not about that anymore. Now, that law becomes real in your life when you take on that name of Jesus. and you receive his spirit into you. And now everything that you do is governed by the word of God and the spirit that gave the word and makes it to where every decision that you can make is is according to God's spirit. And it's not 600 rules as in the Old Testament. Now, whatever you do, you can do all in the name of the Lord Jesus because you are one of his. Amen. So, meet those that want to be baptized, um, meet the deacons in the back. They'll point you in the right direction. And friends, when we move into this, as we keep going with this sermon on the mount, it's pivotal. It is a pivotal time in history where Jesus took 4,000 years of the law from Abraham. Circumcision with Abraham brought it and came all the way to him. And now he says, "I am the fulfillment." And this law can become real in your lives. As I said, no more about rules and regulations. Now it's everything that you do, you can do in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Daniel, &gt;&gt; when he moves among us, all that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love, if a pin of a rider could ride every day, even this world could never contain. Oh, I have been blessed. [Music] Warmth in the winter, flowers in spring, laughter at summer, and changing of leaves. Food on my table, a good place to sleep, clothes on my back, and shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been blessed. [Music] I have been blessed. God's so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Arms that can raise, a voice that can talk, hands that can touch, and legs that can walk, ears that can listen, eyes that can see. Oh, I've got to praise him. As long as I breathe. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] My mother and father who nurtured and raised. Sisters and brothers and memories made our pastor to lead us. This altar to pray, stripes that can heal, and blood that still saves. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] He's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me when I'm overwhelmed. This place where he hides me under his wing. He's not just a song. He's a reason I sing. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. And precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. The reason we are blessed is because of Jesus Christ in our lives. He can bless He can bless you with money. He can bless you with fame. We bless you with you can be blessed with those things but the true blessing is that Christ comes into our lives makes a change in our lives and now we come into these waters that symbolizes our sins being washed away by this water with Benjamin Lopez felt it on his heart to make a change in his life when I was back here. I always ask why you why are you coming to be baptized? And he just looked at me and he said, "My life." Let me tell you, that's why all of us are baptized. I want a life. I want this life to change and I want a life over on the other side. &gt;&gt; Do you all want that same life? [Applause] Brother Ben, you want to say something? &gt;&gt; I I miss I miss the Lord. My family brought us into this and I just I hope to God my family starts coming and I just miss the Lord. [Applause] It's got to start somewhere, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I think it starts right here. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're making this choice and by your own confession, you're coming here to be baptized in front of these people, saying that I am no longer the Benjamin Lopez I was. And I am making a change in my life. Lord, I am going to make this effort by getting baptized. My life is going to change. I am going to do my best. You'll still fail. And you know, we fail, but we continue to strive for perfection. We continue to strive for Jesus Christ. Amen. We've been doing this for 2,000 years. And I think the same spirit that is here this morning is the same spirit that was here 2,000 years ago when they were baptizing these new Christians. They were baptizing these people, young and old, that wanted to come and give their hearts to the Lord because there was something about this man, Jesus, and hearing about him that it just cut them in their hearts and they wanted to make a change. Amen. A little angel just came into the baptism. Bless you, sweetheart. I asked Caitlyn the other day. I said, "Why? Why do you want to be baptized? And she told me, I believe you said, "It's time." All right. Do you have something to say, sweetie? Let me tell you, we speak with our actions a whole lot more than we speak with our words. And this little girl coming in here to be baptized in front of all of these people saying that I am making a change in my young life and I want my sins washed away and I want to be a Christian. And I am so thankful that the Lord can get a hold of someone this young and sweetheart can save you from so many problems down the road. If you stay with this and if you serve God and you always do your best to do what Jesus wants you to do, he will bless your life. He will always have you. You will always be his child. No matter what happens in the future, you are always his child. But the more you live for him, the better and happier your life will be. Do you believe me? Amen. [Applause] Oh, do you feel good? Do we have more? No. Do you feel good? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I feel good. It's a good morning. It's good day. Daniel, I'll I'll be down there in a moment. When I'm at my end, you're just getting started. When I hit a wall, you just walk through. When I face a mountain, you are the maker. So, it's got to move. [Music] When I'm out of faith, you are still faithful. When I'm at my worst, you are still good. In all of my questions, you are the answer. It all points to you. Cuz you're the God of the breakthrough. When I'm breaking down, you'll be working a way through. When there's no way out. This one thing I know you're still on your throne. So whatever I'm feeling, I still got a reason to praise. Praise. Praise. And out of our wrongs you write our story. And out of the cross comes rivers of grace. And out of the grave bursts a revival no two can contain. Cuz you're the God of the breakthrough. When I'm breaking down, you'll be working a way through. when there's no way out. This one thing I know you're still on your throne. So whatever I'm feeling, I still got a reason to praise, praise, praise. I still got a reason to praise. Praise. Praise. I still got a reason to pray. And when you come around, dry bones come to life. Deserts to paradise. Souls just start rolling away. When you come around, my heart starts to beat again. Long stretch to breathe you in. Souls just erupt into praise. When you come around, dry bones come to life. Deserts to paradise. Souls just start rolling away. When you come around, my heart starts to beat again. long stretch to breathe you in. Souls just erupt into praise. [Music] Cuz you're the God of the breakthrough. When I'm breaking down, you'll be working away through. When there's no way out. This one thing I know, you're still on your throne. So whatever I'm feeling, I still got a reason to praise. Praise. Praise. I still got a reason to praise. Praise. Praise. I still got a reason to praise. [Music] If we could stand the splender of the king, clothe in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. [Music] He wraps himself in light. The darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. [Music] And age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The Godhead three in one. Father, spirit, son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great and how great is our God. You know what? He's still saving the sinner. He's still healing the sick. He is the same God that watched this universe being created at his word. Is the same God that is with us today. And he's the same God that is guiding us through his word. Amen. For tonight communion service tonight, obviously we have an open communion. Anyone who asks to take communion is welcome to take communion. But make sure that you're ready. Take it very seriously. This is something that we do in remembrance of the Lord. He says, "If you don't do it, you have no part with me. But if you do it unworthily, you're guilty of the blood of Jesus Christ." Very, very important thing that we're doing tonight. So, invite everyone. You're welcome to take communion with us. And I was at brother Arie. I was up baptizing young Caitlyn and I got done and um I came out of the water and I said, "Are you proud, Grandpa?" And he said, "It made me cry." It does, boy. When we see somebody, some family come to the Lord, want to be baptized, want to make a change in their lives, we just cry tears of joy. And I know by the word of God that the angels in heaven are rejoicing. and they're rejoicing today when we see people coming to the Lord young, you know, maybe maybe a young girl like Caitlyn Caitlyn, maybe somebody in their 30s, 40s, it may be it may be a 70 or 80 year old man or woman. The same thing, it's all the same. It's Jesus Christ working on that soul and making a place. And then we make that decision that we want to take on that name of Jesus Christ through baptism. And therefore, we receive eternal life because of Jesus Christ. Because we take on that name. Amen. Lord God, I'm a quote your son. You said this was called a house of prayer where he was and I'm so thankful that we can pray &gt;&gt; with an a love you and do what you say. And there's symbolism and consciousness and the creation is so wonderful. Lord, we just ask you to help each one of us, Lord, to follow you, to obey you and love you. That's what you said would happen if we loved you. We would obey you and then everything would work out for our good. So that's a beautiful promise, Lord. And you have lots of them. And that's the only thing we fear is that any of those are left unanswered or appreciated. In Jesus Christ's name, I thank you for Caitlyn getting baptized in the symbolic form of dying to herself in the flesh. In Jesus Christ's name, I thank you. Amen. He's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. [Music] And my heart will sing how great is our God. [Music] And he's the name above all names. He is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God [Music] and how great is our God. Oh, and sing with me. How great is our God? And all we'll see. How great how great is our God. How great is our God. And how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? All will see how great how great is our God.
