################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-05 - Communion Lyle Johnson - Lyle Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-05
Title:    Communion: Lyle Johnson
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:   Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Communion Service
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAMrJ4DC6Fs
========================================

Description:
Sunday, January 4th 5PM 2026. Lyle Johnson, minister at Tucson Tabernacle, ministers on the Passover and how God provides a way for all to partake in the sacraments.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Down. Down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Are you Heat. Heat. Everything. Are you down? Goodbye. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello. Down. Down. Amen. Let's sing that song. He knows my name. That that she's playing. Let's put the first verse up there. Brother Tim, he knows my name. But the other He knows my name. I'm sorry. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. There we go. All right, let's start it. Let's Let's do it a little slower. I have a maker. He formed my heart and before even time began my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. I'm a father. I have a father. He calls me old and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. &gt;&gt; He sees each te that falls and he hears me when I call. Let's sing I have a father once. I have a father. He calls me so and I'll never leave and he'll never leave me no matter where. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I cut. Sing that again. He knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my thoughts. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Would you stand with me? Brother Daniel's going to open this prayer. God bless you everyone. Brother Menow, Sister Fzen. Wow. Welcome. God bless you. Give Give this brother a hand. In my opinion, one of the finest brothers that have come from brother Brandham's message with the one of the most um integrity that uh that I know of is this man here, brother Men Fzen and one of the most respected people. I know that brother Brandham said about brother Bosworth. He said that that no one could put a finger on him because of the life that he lived and the um the example that he set. And brother Menow, I think the same about you, my friend. You are an inspiration to so many of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh would you come up and uh at the minimum open in prayer? Should I have them be seated or remain standing? &gt;&gt; You can be seated. &gt;&gt; Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Good to see you. You you honor me. And just so you know, if id have known he was going to be here, we might have a bit of a different service tonight because uh brother Menow is he is he's he's one of the finest finest people I've ever met and uh I think it's an honor if you would say a few words for our congregation. Well, thank you, brother. I don't I'd have to live pretty high to to meet that. But thank you very much. After all, there's one of the ghost most glorious things is that this blessed gospel of the Lord Jesus is what makes all men look different when you see them through the eyes of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh we do believe we have the eyes and the mind and the heart of the Lord Jesus. We didn't take on the strange spirit. We took on the Holy Spirit. I believe always got room for for others. Room. Room. Yes, there's room. It's a room at the fountain for me. And I'm very glad we just pulled in a few days ago and wanted to get some of this warm weather you've got and warm fellowship and and uh it's good to be here tonight, take in the fellowship and uh be a part of you, which I believe we are that by election. &gt;&gt; We didn't choose him. He chose us. I wasn't looking for him. In fact, most of my young age, I was running from him. &gt;&gt; But I'm so glad he stopped me &gt;&gt; while I was still young enough to appreciate. He stopped me when I was about 19 years old. And uh I don't regret a mile I've traveled for the Lord. I don't regret the time I've trusted in his word. &gt;&gt; I've seen the years go by, many days without a song, but I don't regret a mile I've traveled for the Lord. So let's thank him tonight as we bow before him. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for your goodness. David said, "Thy loving kindness is better than life." What can be better than life? It's to have eternal life in a mortal body, Lord. And we are bad that we're on the battlefield. We know that. But greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. In a little while, the world will see me no more, but you'll see me for I'll be with you, even in you, to the consummation of time. And Lord, we realize that we're at the most most glorious time there is of all the ages to have seen the end and the ta tapering off and the the coming to pass of the reality of a kingdom that never will end. The kingdoms of this world will soon be fall. But we shall see the king when he comes. We see you now the great appearance of your presence, the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire returning to take a people back to Eden. Take it back to the place of the word of God and fellowship. Lord, we thank you tonight. Bless us around your word, Lord. Make it word. Make it bred to our hearts. We commit ourselves to you in this service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. And thank you my brother. I am redeemed. Bought with a price. As brother Tim gets that up, my mom is sitting here and she can tell you when I was little, this was one of the first songs I liked to sing. I am redeemed, bought with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. I am redeemed, bought with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. Verse one. Where there was hate, love now abounds. Where there was confusion, peace now reigns. I'm walking with Jesus. I'm a child of the King. Oh, and it's all because I am redeemed. Oh, I am redeemed. I am bought with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. Verse two, I'll tell of his favor. I'll tell of his love. I'll tell of his goodness to me. He purchase my redemption with his precious blood and from sin he set me free. Oh yes, I am redeemed. I'm bought with a prize. Lord Jesus has changed my whole life. Well, if anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. You know something? There's a whole lot of gossip in the world. There's a whole lot of did you hear about so and so? So, when someone asks you about somebody, hey, what's going on with that person? look them in the face and say they are redeemed. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Why don't we speak good things over each other? No matter what situation they're in, &gt;&gt; maybe if they haven't even come to the Lord yet, say they are redeemed and and claim it by faith. Sister Hope, if you want to come, get ready. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that chorus again. I am redeemed but with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. Sister hope. Sing this with me. &gt;&gt; From death into he all power in earth. All power above is gi. All things are possible. Only believe. Only belie. All things are possible. Only believe. Fear not. Little flock, he goeth ahead. Your sheeper selected the path. You must theers of my you sweetened for thee. He drank all the bitter and guess only be. All things are possible only being all things are possible. only. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Would you all stand with me as brother Lyall gets ready to come give me the key of C and let's sing I will praise him just put the chorus up there brother Tim and let's start with just our voices give me the key again I will praise Praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. &gt;&gt; Give him glory all you people. For his blood has washed away each stain. Verse one. When I saw the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my s. I oy the spirit's ring. And he said, "Wilt thou be clean?" &gt;&gt; I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. &gt;&gt; Give him glory. He people for his blood has washed away. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each day. &gt;&gt; Is that you? That's me. A sinner slave. Waters of baptism went down. &gt;&gt; Joined him in his death. came up resurrected in his life. That's us tonight. Sinners slain. And that's why we can praise him. I should start by saying good evening. &gt;&gt; Tonight we'll be observing communion. So I'll be brief perhaps 30 minutes or so. Communion is our topic. What do we mean when we say communion? More importantly, what does the Bible mean when we read the word communion? Why do we observe communion? Is it important? Before reading from the Bible, let's approach the Lord together one more time, joining our hearts in prayer. Lord Jesus, this is an awesome evening. Lord, a time when we can participate in this sacrament of communion. And Lord, we pray that you'd help us to better understand and more importantly, Lord, to just draw closer to you, to draw closer to one another, to lay aside the burdens of this life, to enter, Lord, into the fellowship of your spirit. Lord, I pray that whatever is said tonight would help and not hinder anyone. Lord, guard my lips. If something is said that's incorrect, Lord, help no one to hear it. Lord, anoint the ears that are here. And Lord, thank you. Thank you for the privilege, the opportunity, the responsibility to speak to those whom you purchased with your own blood. We thank you. We thank you this evening in Jesus precious name. Amen. Uh before you're seated this evening, we'll turn back the clock to the time of Moses. Then we'll move to the time of Jesus. Then to that of the early church, the context of what we call communion was a Passover observance on Jesus final night. So let's take a very brief look at Passover at what it meant for our opening scriptures while we stand in respect to the word. I keep trying. There we go. Exodus 1. And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor. Made them slaves. worked them relentlessly. And the Egyptians made their lives bitter with hard bondage and mortar digging clay and in brick and in all manner of service in the field. All their service, all their toil, their harsh service wherein the Egyptians made them serve was with rigor, harshness, severity, without mercy. God then raised up Moses to deliver his people from bondage, from slavery. Exodus 12 tells of the Passover, the night when the Lord sent the 10th plague, the night that Pharaoh released the Israelite slaves. It was the night of the Passover when death struck the firstborn of Egypt. But the agent of death passed over the houses of the Israelites who had the blood of a sacrificial lamb displayed on the entrances of their dwellings. Moses instruct them to keep the Passover memorial feast of roasted lamb with bitter herbs and unleavened bread every year to commemorate their salvation. Moses said, "Ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons forever. It shall come to pass when ye be come to the land which the Lord will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service, this remembrance of deliverance from bondage." And it shall come to pass when your children shall say to you, "What do you mean by this service? What? What? What's going on here? That ye shall say, "It is the sacrifice of the Lord's Passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smoked the Egyptians and delivered our houses, and the people bowed the head and worshiped." Please be seated. observance of the Passover was to be an ordinance forever among the Jewish people and a very important one. H how important? Well, let's go now to the desert on the first anniversary of leaving Egypt to the first observance of Passover. And the Lord spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Si in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying, "Let the children of Israel also keep the Passover at his appointed season. And the 14th day of this month at even, you shall keep it in his appointed season, according to all the rights of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof shall ye keep it." And Moses spake unto the children of Israel that they should keep the Passover. And they kept the Passover on the 14th day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Si according to all that the Lord commanded Moses. So did the children of Israel. Their first month wasn't January. It's based on a lunar calendar. It variously falls on our calendar sometime in March and April. But there was a problem. a conflict in the laws that had been given since the departure from Egypt. There were certain men who were defiled by the dead body of a man that they could not keep the Passover on that day. And they came before Moses and Aaron on that day. And these men said, "We're defiled. We're ceremonially unclean by the dead body of a man. We we touched his corpse perhaps by accident. perhaps checking for a pulse to see if he was alive, if they could help him. We don't know the reason why. Wherefore are we? Why must we be kept back that we may not offered an offering of the Lord in his appointed season, this time dicated for Passover observance among the children of Israel. This was all new. The concept of being unclean and what you can and cannot do. In many cases, becoming unclean meant that you washed yourself and became clean at sunset that evening. No conflict there. No problem. But not in this case. They'd come in contact with the dead body. Numbers 19 tells us, "He that touches the bo dead body of any man shall be unclean seven days." Seven days. They couldn't become ceremonially clean in time to observe Passover. If you keep one rule, you break the other. If you keep the other rule, you break the one. It's perhaps the original catch 22. Moses didn't know the answer. So he said unto them, "Stand still. I will hear what the Lord will command concerning you." And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey a far off, yet he shall keep the Passover unto the Lord. On the 14th day of the second month, and even shall they keep it." In other words, if you're prevented from observing Passover on the 14th of the first month, you must observe it on the 14th day of the second month. This gives you time to become ceremonially clean or overcome some other serious hindrance to observing it in the first month. God made a way for them, a way for them to fulfill his word, just as he makes a way for us. They shall keep it and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs. They shall not leave, they shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it, according to all the ordinances of the Passover, they shall keep it. But the man that is clean, not in a journey, and forebears to keep the Passover, there's not a legal conflict like these men had or other acceptable reason. someone chooses to not observe it on the day it's to be observed, even that same soul shall be what? Cut off from among his people because he brought not the offering of the Lord in his appointed season. That man shall bear his sin. Put another way, there's ultimately no acceptable excuse to refrain from observing it. Passover must be observed. And if a person does not observe it, they will be cut off from the community. Their sin will stand and they will bear the consequences of that sin. Observing Passover, it's a very serious business. Passover was a remembrance of the Lord freeing the people from bondage, from slavery to Egypt. and it identified the worshipper, the observer as as a member of that community so freed. Well, let's jump forward about 1500 years. Jesus is at the synagogue at Capernaum. It's the day after the miracle of feeding the 5000. A crowd gathers, including many who had been fed the day before. Jesus is asked how they might work the works of God. In other words, how can we get free food like they had the day before? Like the children of Israel in the wilderness had 40 years getting free mana. We'd like to go on vacation. We'd like to take a break. We want free food. Well, Jesus addresses them. He uses the opportunity to speak about the man in the wilderness of Si and he ends by shocking them. We read in John 6:51, Jesus says, "I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever. And the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." The Jews, the gathered crowd, therefore quarreled among themselves, saying, "How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" And Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Who so eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood hath eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat is food indeed, and my blood is drinkdeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood dwelleth in me, and I in him. As a living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father, so he that eateth me shall live by me. Whoa. Whoa. What was the reaction? Skipping to verse 66. From that time, many of his disciples went back and walked no more with him. They weren't patient enough to let him explain or interpret what he meant. Brother Brandham reminded us that God interprets his word. How? Anyone? He interprets his word by bringing it to pass. So let's jump forward a few months from Capernaum to Jerusalem, from a synagogue to an upper room near the temple. See how Jesus interpreted his own words. The last night of Jesus' life was the night of observing Passover. In Luke 22, we read, "Then came the day of unleavened bread when the Passover must be killed." The killing of a lamb or kid, the worshipper identifying with the sacrifice. In Egypt, the family took in the sacrificial lamb on the 10th day and cared for it, nurtured it, bonded with it until the evening. And that evening of the 15th day, they sacrificed that that animal, the one that they had taken such care of. And Jesus sent Peter and John saying, "Go prepare us the Passover that we may eat." Pete gives them precise directions how to find the place, the guy that owns it, to make available what we call the upper room, skipping to verse 13. And they went and found, as Jesus had said unto them, and they made ready the Passover. Now, this is not a tasty meal to fill you up. It has bitter herbs and other foods to remind the partaker of the bitterness of the time in Egypt. And when the hour was come, sunset, Jesus sat down, and the twel apostles with him. And he said unto them with desire, I have desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer. For I say unto you, I will not eat anymore thereof until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God." And he took the cup and gave thanks and said, "Take this, divide it among yourselves, for I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine until the kingdom of God shall come." Today, modern Passover observance, there are four cups of wine shared in the traditional observance, certain blessings or prayers associated with each. Now, recall what we read just a couple of minutes ago, John 6:53 about Jesus being the bread of life. Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you." He's now going to interpret, explain the meaning, not about being cannibals. Continuing in Luke 22. And he took bread and gave thanks and broke it and gave it unto them, saying, "This is what?" My body. This is what I meant by eating my flesh. This is a symbol representing my body which is given for you. This do in remembrance of me. in remembrance of me. What? We'll get to this in a moment. Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, "This cup is the new testament, the new covenant in my blood, which is shed for you." This is the symbol of drinking my blood. In Egypt, the first Passover, each family took care of that sacrificial lamb for five days, bonding at some level with it. Here Jesus is together with his disciples having walked with them, ministered with them, having bonded with them. The observance of Passover was in remembrance of the Lord delivering his people from being enslaved to Pharaoh through the sacrifice of the very lamb they had taken care of which would give its life for theirs. Jesus is now saying this observance is to be in remembrance of the Lord delivering his people from being enslaved to sin through his own sacrifice giving his life for theirs for hours. Why in remembrance? He's sitting there with them. He'd been telling his disciples over and over this was his last visit to Jerusalem, that he would be killed there. He's reinforcing that on what he knew would be his last night with them. In the early church, there was confusion about many things. Paul's earliest letters include First Corinthians. In this letter, Paul addressed communion. This tells us communion was a practice of Christians in these first gentile churches, not just something for Jewish Christians observing Passover. 1 Corinthians 10, Paul writes, "The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ, the the bread which we break? Is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we being many are one bread and one body. For we are all partakers of that one bread. Later in 1 Corinthians 11, which will be read this evening when we participate in communion, you'll find the only time Paul quotes Jesus in any of his writings in the New Testament. By that I mean the only words in red if you have a red letter edition of the text. And those words, those only words are about communion from his last night with his disciples. What does the word communion mean? I keep telling you to sit closer to the front, but that's okay. I'm not going to read that to you. In English, the word is used to reflect what we will be doing later this evening. It also has meanings of sharing, community, agreement, fellowship, participation, and these are all attributes consistent with our practice of communion. But Paul didn't write in English. Paul wrote in Greek in particular the Greek of his time two millennia ago. What word did he use and what was its meaning in that time and that context? The root of the word is konos. Coonos it means a sharer or associate, companion, partaker, partner and fellowship. The actual word Paul used which is built on this root konos is konia partnership literally participation socially intercourse pecuniary which means financial or monetary benefaction to communicate communication communion contribution distribution fellowship This word konia appears 20 times in 18 verses in the New Testament. 12 times it's translated as fellowship. Four times it's translated as communion. And all four of those are in the letters to the Corinthians. And it's translated once each time to mean contribution, distribution, communication or communicate. Communion. You can see this is a word tightly connected with the concept of individuals participating as part of a community. You don't in fact you cannot do any of this in isolation. You don't partner with yourself or have fellowship with yourself. You can't participate in communion by yourself. The offering that Paul took for the believers in Jerusalem was called Coonia. I think of the offering collected here the Sunday before Christmas. I think Paul would have called both that collection and its distribution coonia. The same word he would use to describe the sacrament, fulfilling an ordinance, celebration or observance we're about to do this evening. Communion coonia and remembrance of Jesus of his sacrificial death to free us from slavery to sin to enable us give us the freedom to make a choice to serve him. Brother Brandham's final service here in Tucson in 1965 was communion. And his remarks that evening, he said, "Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you." He he's quoting John 6:53, which we read earlier. See, you see, that's what the Bible said. Except you do it participating in communion, there's no life. You see, you are then more or less showing you are ashamed to identify yourself as a Christian because of the life that you live. And then this is really the showdown. If you don't do it, you have no life. If you do it unworthily, you're guilty of the body of the Lord. Here again, we see you can't identify yourself as a Christian by yourself. It's not just you and the mirror or to yourself in isolation. It's a community act, a public confession of your identity as a Christian. And like Passover in the Old Testament, communion is a serious matter. Brother Daniel's been teaching from the sermon on the mount where where Jesus took the words of the law and effectively amplified them making thoughts intense as important as actions. Paul would amplify the meaning of Passover in communion. With the Passover, not doing it separated you from the community. But Paul indicates that with communion, you are also guilty if you take it but do so unworthily. 1 Corinthians 11:29, "He that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body." What does unworthily mean? Some take it as meaning that they've committed a sin, some sin in their past, it's so bad that they're barred or they bar themselves from communion. I'm not worthy to take it. I did fill in the blank. That's not what it means. The Amplified Bible Translation helps to clarify this. Anyone who eats and drinks without discriminating and recognizing with due appreciation that it is Christ's body eats and drinks a sentence of verdict of judgment upon himself. In other words, it goes back to John 6 and Luke 22. not a doctrine of transubstantiation where the elements of communion somehow become human flesh and human blood, but that they are symbols that represent his body as if they were his flesh and blood. During communion, we're not just casually eating a bit of bread and taking a sip of wine. What we are doing is done in remembrance of him, of his sacrifice that atones for our sins. It's not about the elements, the symbols. It's entirely about him. We are partaking of him. Note again that coonia, the the word for communion is most often translated as fellowship. community. The early church had all things in common. We're told the the word translated as common is also one of the roots of coonia. In Acts 2, just after Peter's famous sermon about faith and baptism, we read in verse 42. And they the the newly baptized believers continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine in fellowship. The word fellowship here is coonia. and in breaking of bread and in prayers. Verse 44, all that believed were together and had all things common. Again, one of the roots. Verse 46, they continuing daily with one accord in the temple and breaking bread from house to house did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart. Community has another aspect, a common or shared unity. We read that they were in daily fellowship and of one accord, singleness of heart. And and much like we find the word and concept of unity and community communion contains the word union and the concept we are individuals joined together in and with Christ as fellowship as part of his body. Our individual actions reflect not just on ourselves but on our community, our portion of the body of Christ. I invite the worship team to to please return. Unity like union does not mean uniformity, but it does mean lack of division. Paul scolds the Corinthians about divisions among them. Before coming to the communion table, Paul admonishes us, "Let a man examine himself, and so let him eat that bread and drink of that cup." In Paul's time, a person being examined would often be beaten or worse, to extract truth or confession. Self-examination isn't just being quiet for 30 seconds. It's serious. Have to be careful. have to be honest with ourselves. John tells us if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive. And thinking and praying about a a closing song to pass the service over to our pastor, my thoughts turned to a hymn written in 1835 by a lady named Charlotte Elliott. Three of its verses really resonated with me in this context. So let's sing together quietly, reverently, just as I am. Just as I am without one plea, but that thy blood was shed for me and that thou bit me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God. I come. I come. Just as I am, though tossed about with many affect many a fightings and fears within without. Oh lamb of God, I come. I come &gt;&gt; just as I am. Thou wil pree will dwell cleanse because thy promise I believe. Oh lamb of God I come. I come as old as we get. And whether we be uh 20 years old or like me in my 50s or 60, 70, 80 years old, whatever we might be, we should always be willing to learn. I always be willing to question, did I fully understand what I've always thought? And I I appreciate brother Lyall and um he said some things tonight and back them up well with scriptures that is going to make me go back and ask the Lord and and study further. Do I truly do I truly understand? The was in 1 Corinthians chapter 11 and it this was the Apostle Paul as he said and this is him quoting our Lord Jesus in in verses 24 and 25. And I will read what he said. The Apostle Paul says, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. And after the same manner also he took the cup and when he had sucked, saying, this is the new testament. This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Next verse, verse number 27, it says this, "Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. Now verse number 27 as brother Lyle pointed out if you have a Scoffield Bible there's a note in the margin and this says this for that word unworthily. I'll read it again so it's on your mind and drink of this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. The note in the Scoffield Bible says this. For example, in an unworthy manner, eating eating taking this communion in an unworthy manner, but let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinking drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. And brothers would come forward. as bread 2,000 years now. Well, since really the Passover, for over 3,000 years, the tradition has been to take unleaven bread and and to break it and to fellowship over this. And then for 2,000 years since Jesus took that Passover and he broke the bread and then he said, "This represents me. This is my flesh." It's not his literal flesh. This represents him. The body that's broken. And if you look when you take a piece when when the deacons serve you this bread, it's broken and and none of the pieces look the same. And that's how the body of Christ is. We're all different because God has Jesus has broken himself up, placed each of us into this body. And when you take a piece, just remember they're all different, but this one piece is the piece that you are taking. And and it represents him. It represents our Lord Jesus. Lord, it's a bit overwhelming. Think of what this bread that I'm holding in my hands represents. Lord, we want to remember you all the time. There is something special about this evening. And Lord, we do it under your commandment and we take this bread in remembrance of you. Lord, it shook me a bit what brother La was saying and understanding this word. and we want to do what we're doing this evening. We want to do it right. Father, we're doing the best that we know how and taking this and and Lord, we want you to bless it. We ask that that your spirit, Father, would come down. And as each person takes a piece of this bread and puts it, Lord, into their mouth, may we truly remember you, oh God. Truly remember the sacrifice that you made for us. Truly remember the life that you lived. Truly remember the words that you taught us. Lord, may your blessings rest upon this bread in Jesus name. Amen. The bread represents the body, the broken body of our Lord Jesus. Body that was hung on the cross. And this blood represents the sin cleansing power of the shed blood of our Lord Jesus. I look down, I I see these these individual cups of of wine and it represents something that's far greater than us. That this is my salvation, brother. This represents that and what he did for me. Lord God, it's uh it's almost hard to pick up this wine, Lord, knowing what it represents. My mind goes back to Calvary and and Father, that blood dripping down off the cross and what it represented. And Lord, just a few days earlier, just a day earlier, the Lord spoke these words that were the Lyall read and that I read that this is my blood. Oh God, thank you that we can do this. Father, I pray that that your blessings would represent would rest upon this wine. And Lord, may we take it worthily, Lord, understanding the shed blood of our Lord Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Come forward. Thank you. The remainder of the bread. that hasn't been consumed during the Lord's supper will be burned before the dawn of another day and tradition as the mana spoiled overnight in this representing the body of our Lord Jesus out of respect. John chapter 13 verse number two and this will close service. And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas's chariot, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hand and that he was come from God and he went to God. He riseth from supper and laid aside his garments and took a towel and gerted himself. After he had pour after that he pou water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with a towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? And Jesus answered and saith un and said unto him, What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter. Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee night, if I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me. Simon Peter saith unto him,"Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus saith unto him, "He that is washed need not saved to wash his feet, but is clean ever wit, and you are clean, but not all." For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, you're not all clean." So after he had washed their feet and and taken his garments and was set down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you. You call me Master and Lord, and you say well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, ye also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Amen. Brother Mark Oh, are you could you come and close in prayer? Friends, I do appreciate communion. I appreciate that we can come together and honor the the Lord's body as we have done and come together as as we heard earlier in communion and and much of the meaning behind communion is fellowship, coming together and doing these things. believe there's love in this room. And we have gone now to the feetashing portion of this. And this friends, we do in love as a service to one another. Let's all stand. Brother Mark, if you would come and close. Dear heavenly father, it's such a privilege to be able to even come to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Through the way that you have made, the way that you provided, Lord, your your precious saints here before me that you you redeemed with your own blood. Lord, salvation of souls is not cheap. Very expensive. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Cost the greatest cost that could ever be paid. And that just shows the love, Lord, that you have for your people. Thank you for calling us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you for giving us an opportunity to come and eat at your table and fellowship in your future kingdom. These are just all great attributes of your wonderful grace, Lord. We take it seriously. We take it gratefully, Lord. And I just pray a blessing upon this church, this pastor, this people. Lord, give them a mission and a calling to be a light of that grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In this area where you placed them, Lord, may your spirit anoint them for that service, Lord. Even as we now serve one another in the footwashing, we thank you so much, Lord, for the service and the time together in the presence of your spirit in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Feels good, friends. Feels good to to do what we've done tonight. I I love what everything represents. And then I love the thought of being together with fellows, fellow disciples of our Lord Jesus. The sisters will go into the fellowship hall and then the brothers will go up into our normal place and uh we'll we'll go up the stairs there. God bless you. May the Lord be with you. You're dismissed.
