################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - Our Allotment in the Promise Part 8 "Asher" Pastor Ben Pruitt 4-23-25 - Ben Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-24
Title:   Our Allotment in the Promise Part 8 "Asher" Pastor Ben Pruitt 4-23-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiDTHhm2v-o
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing it over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the [Music] clay. Oh, a vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay. Sing it one more time with all your hearts. Now sing it over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a [Music] vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Aren't you thankful he didn't throw the clay away? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise [Music] tonight? Alas, and did my savior bleed? And did my sovereign eye? Would he devote that sacred head for such a world as I? Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Oh, was it for crimes that I have done? He groaned upon the tree. Amazing pity, grace unknown, and love beyond degree. Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light, the burdens of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I receive my sight. And now I am happy all day. Well, might the sun in darkness hide and shut his glories in. When Christ the mighty maker died for men the creature sin. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. The drops of grief can repay the debt of love I owe. Here Lord I give myself to thee. K is all that I with all your hearts now. Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Oh, the smile I hide my blushing face while Calary's cross appears. Disol my heart in [Music] thankfulness and melt my eyes to tears. Oh, at the cross. Let me hear you sing it now. And the burden rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Well Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget to set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Sing it one more time. Sing it. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Well Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. will never. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. We want to welcome each and every one of you to the house of the Lord tonight. Are you ready to have a good time in the Lord? Amen. Let's sing this one. So much to thank him for. You have something to thank the Lord for tonight. Amen. I believe we can all say that we are we are just blessed and and we're thankful. Amen. Even to be in the house of the Lord tonight, we want to say thanks to the Lord for allowing that. So, let's just sing with all our hearts now. When I look all around and see the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. But his blessings he freely gives. I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. Well, you see, he has been so good to me. Oh, and when I think of all he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Well, sometimes while on my way I kneel, I just stop and say, "Thank you, Lord, for all you've done for me." Oh, for someday I'll reach heaven shore. Oh, please just let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for. With all your hearts now. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. Well, you see, he has been so good to me. Oh, and when I think of all he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. One more time with all your hearts. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. Oh, you see, he has been so good to me. Oh, and when I think of all he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Aren't you thankful for what he's done for you tonight? Amen. And as the ushers would come, let us just uh we have just a few requests here tonight. Amen. And uh there's several outs. We just want to remember those and pray for those that aren't able to be here tonight. And also, Brother Bill Curtis is going to have a heart cath tomorrow. So, just remember him in prayer. Also on the WhatsApp there, we see uh sister Glorella's uh labs and things that came back. But we are just believing for a complete uh miracle for her and that the next results will be better results and we're just going to unite our faith on that. And also sister Carla's dad I believe is having the uh colear implant tomorrow. So just uh be praying for him and and and uh we're going to believe that he's going to be able to hear and and uh you know we when he comes out we like to hear him play guitar. Maybe next time he'll just be able to tear it up and and be able to hear. So that'd be good. Amen. We just want to uh pray for these that that have needs. And brother Stewart, I know you're way in the back and you got a kid, but you can bring him with you. Would you come up here and take these needs to the Lord? Amen. If you have a need on your heart tonight, would you just would you just put your hand up to him? Do you believe he sees and knows every need? Amen. Brother Stewart, thank you, buddy. Lord Jesus, we just come before you this evening, Lord. Lord, we just believe that you're a way maker. Lord, you're a miracle worker. Lord, we just come before your throne with these knees. Our sister Glorella, Lord, we just ask that you just move up mightily upon that situation, Lord. Lord, for our brother Wayne, we just ask that you touch him, Lord, and be with him. Lord, we just ask that your blessings will be upon this service tonight. Lord, every need, every heart, every life, Lord, just come and make a way among us, Lord. May your may your spirit just move move freely here tonight. Lord, may there just be a liberty for the children of God to worship you, Lord, to respond to your word. Lord, we love you now. We just ask that you just have preeminence here. Lord, bless every heart, every life. Bless our brother Ben, anoint him, Lord, to minister your word to your bride. We love you tonight. In Jesus name we pray. You can be seated. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to [Music] worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you [Applause] hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your Oh, sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to [Music] worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound. And one more time as sister Carlin gets ready to sing. Sister Tanya, one more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I love all you love him here tonight, church. And I lift my [Music] voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. And may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your If you love him, can you give him one more hand clap of praise tonight? [Applause] [Music] consider. Consider the lily. They don't talk nor spin. But there's not a king more splendor than me. Consider the sparrow. Ain't no plant. nor soul, but they're fed by the master who watches in ro. For we have a [Applause] heavenly father above with eyes full of mercy and a heart full of love. that he really cares where your head is. I'll go. Consider the liies and then you will know. May I introduce you to this friend of mine who hangs out the stars and tells the sun to shine. And he kisses the flowers each morning with you. Oh, and he's not too busy to care about you. For we have a heavenly father above with eyes full of mercy and a heart full of love. And he really cares when your head is bow. Consider the living and then you will know. Consider the lily. They don't plan. nor. But there's not a king with more splendor than me. Consider the sparrow. They don't plan nor. But they're fed by the master who watches their grow. For we have a heavenly father above with eyes full of mercy and a heart full of love. that he really cares when your head is thinner the living and then you will [Music] know. Did [Applause] you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Consider the liies. Let's go back to that winds of faith if we can. Key of C. I love this song. We just need to set our wings to the winds of faith. Can we do that tonight? There are two [Music] roads you may take. One by [Music] side and one by faith. But take the word of God. For what you see, what you believe is what will be. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, set your [Music] wings to the wind of faith. You can [Music] fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch your knees. Watch your cry. You got a need tonight. Oh, we can speak the word. much too high. Just speak the word of God and by and by oh it will move or you will fly. Just set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Just watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power that makes him right. Oh, it's already in the sky. So set your [Music] wings to the wind. Can we do that tonight, church? Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings. Can we stand together and sing it one more time? Oh, so set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wings of faith. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Amen. If you're ready for the word of the Lord, we're just going to go ahead and invite our pastor now. Let's sing Amazing Grace. Amen. Aren't you thankful for Amazing Grace? How sweet the sound that saved a ranch like me. When I think about where I've been, I can think about his grace that's brought me this far. And I know his grace is going to lead me home. with all our hearts now as our pastor comes. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, it was grace. Oh, it was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears. Relieve. [Music] Oh, how precious just did that grace appear the hour I first. Can we sing it like this? Praise God. Can we praise him here tonight? Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's sing that again. There are many dangers to snare all through many danger to Can you testify with me tonight? Oh yes, I have [Music] all he come. Oh, it was grace that brought hallelujah me. Oh, and his grace will lead me [Music] home. Let's bow our heads together. Aren't you glad for grace tonight? You glad for his touch on your life that without his call, what would we be? Where would we be? But thanks be to God, we can overcome anything by the grace of God. So, I'm thankful for that tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray that you just come and speak to us tonight. Lord, I realize my own ineffectiveness, Lord, without your grace. I pray, Lord, that your grace would be on this service that it would be in every heart. Lord, we need you tonight. I I ask you to come and just move me out of the way and speak directly to your people. Lord, help us, oh God. We we got many needs among us. But Lord, you're a God who meets our needs. And I pray that you'd meet them physically, Lord, spiritually, whatever they are. Lord, you know, God, I pray that you'd do that tonight. Speak to those maybe who couldn't make it tonight, but there they'll be watching. Lord, I I pray, God, that you go right into the home, Lord, and speak directly to them tonight. Lord, we love you and we commit this service into your hands and for your glory. We thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. Going to read from Genesis chapter 49 and verse 20 and also Deuteronomy chapter 33 and verse 24. Enjoyed that special tonight. It it'll go with the sermon and I think the Lord orchestrates those things. So, sure enjoyed that. It's good to have our sister with us again. God bless you and each one of you that are here tonight on a Wednesday night. It's good to come and study the word together and rejoice and worship and and just love on God. And no matter what you've been through uh during the week, he's still worthy of our praise. Amen. Genesis 49:20. And then we'll read Deuteronomy 33:24. Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties. And then Deuteronomy 33:24. While you're turning there, we want to remember brother Bill and sister Karen uh out of town. He's having a heart cath early in the morning. So, be remembering him. Everything goes smoothly. And each one of the requests that were made. Deuteronomy chapter 33 and verse 24 it says, "And of Asher he said, let Asher be blessed with children. Let him be acceptable to his brethren and let him dip his foot in oil. It's a very specific property or prophecy rather. Pray the Lord would add his blessings to the word. You may be seated. We have been studying the 12 tribes of Israel for some time and as a preview to the placing of sons in the church. So we as we've been going through this, just keep in mind that it's a preview to a spiritual placing that we want to get to uh at some point. But brother Brandham tells us, he said, "God in the beginning gave his word a portion for this part of the time, for that part, for that part." So he didn't give his word all at once, but he gave the portion that was needed for the day that was that that they were living. He said, "There's where men are so deceived and confused today. They're trying to build on something that happened 40, 50 years ago that was gift for that age. He said, "What good would it have done Moses to come with Enoch's message? What good would it have done uh Moses to come with Noah's message? What good would it have done Jesus to come with Moses' message? What good would it have done Wesley to come with Luther's message? What good would have done the Pentecost to come with Wesley's message?" He said, "See what I mean?" He said, "It's all laotted out here in the Bible." He said, ' And we've got to know the age and the hour and what's for us. So that's important. We've got to know the age and the hour and what's for us. There's something for us tonight, something that we can have and it's the fullness of the word for our hour. Now the prophecy, as I we said over Asher is one of the most specific properties or or prophecies. It is let him dip his feet in oil as well as let him be acceptable to his brethren. and uh and the prophecy about children. I think some of y'all been blessed with children. We thank God for our children. And I think as a church, we've been blessed with children. So, we're thankful for that. That's pretty self-explanatory. He said, "Let him be acceptable to his brethren is pretty selfexplanatory. Let him dip his foot in oil." Is very specific. And if you go to the land that Asher was given, I think I've got a map that we you can show you uh that Asher was given uh land up in the northwest part, the very northwest part of Israel. You can see Mount Carmel at the bottom of it. And uh you can kind of see where the land lays cuz it was very specific prophecy. So there must be a very specific fulfillment. If you go to the next one, I think uh yeah, it shows uh olive oil production. And they've actually archaeologists have found that the the foot of Asher was literally dipped in olive oil. That it was actually a a production area of olive oil much earlier than they thought that olive oil was uh was produced in that area. They actually exported at a very early age. But brother Brandham draws a specific attention to another kind of oil uh and and that didn't come to pass until the end time. And this is something important that maybe we haven't really pointed out yet. Brother Brandham told us that their their name would not only put them in their place in the Old Testament, but it actually put them in their place in the end time. And so he said when it said that he let him dip his feet in oil would actually be a prophecy about Israel today that they would actually have access to oil. And so he draws specific attention to oil wells and And uh they asked brother Brandham about the 10 lost tribes because that was a a thing people uh realized that uh 10 of the tribes were lost. The people didn't know many of them where they come from, which tribe they were from. And they said, "Can they be located?" And brother Brandham answers the question. He said, "Yes, sir, they can be located geographically. They can be located in the Bible." And God tells us there there where they will be in the last days. And what will be their end? He says, and he said, right now, he said, I just read a book that down in Israel where the ones was, where he said that one had dipped his feet in oil and everything. He said, God has got them all located, set out in different places, and the Jews are all returning into Palestine where God promised in the last days they'd be there. So, you can see tribes not knowing what tribe they belong to, but actually settling into the land. Oh my, can you see the perfection of the word of God? how he manages the affairs of men so that they were are actually settling into the land. When they would come back into the land, maybe they uh they found a spot and they thought, "Well, this would be a good spot to build, not even realizing that they were of the tribe that was there before." That God did that after thousands of years. You say, "You really believe that?" I absolutely do. That God would actually bring them back into the spot where they belong. There would be 144,000 that would actually be located in the spot where they oh my in the spot where they were supposed to be not even knowing it. If God can do that for them, if he can bring them back into a specific natural spot after thousands of years and after after all the records have been lost and if he could bring them back in that spot, how much more could he bring the bride into a place where she's supposed to be? How much more can he bring you as an individual into the place and into the calling that you're supposed to be in? If he could do that for them, I believe he could do that for us. Brother Brown said, "Let me show you a divine word." And if you pull up that next, let's go back to that that previous map. I think there was another map there. Yes. Uh and this is actually a map of oil leases. And you can see most of them are offshore. But if you look where I've got circled, if you can see that at the very bottom of that same little outcrop of land, uh, where Asher was, there's a a huge oil well and oil lease that is literally at the foot of Asher. Even today, God keeps his word. Brother Brandham said, "Let me show you a divine word, friend, so that your faith will be built certain in the word of God." Every time them Hebrew mothers who said when they were in labor giving labor pains to birth these children the very words that she uttered in her birth give the man the baby that was born of her his name and positionally placed him in Palestine where he'll be at the coming of the Lord. Oh my brother Brandham uses some examples. He didn't have it in front of him but he uses some examples. Then he says take it Genesis 48 and 49. He said, "You'll find out there that Jacob, when he was dying, leaning on his staff, blinded, he positionally told those children where they would be at the end of the world, and they're positionally set right there." Now, since they went back to the homeland, he said told Joseph, "Thou art a fruitful vine by the wall, by the well, the water." We'll read the prophecy when we get to Joseph's two, the two tribes that come from Joseph. He said he went over. He said, "You've trusted in the Lord God." He said you made your bow strong United States. See they they come here and they they become very wealthy and things. He said in the Lord he said but someday that vine was coming back over the wall they were prophesied to come back into the land. Right. And he said there she is right there now. Just exactly what he said pretty nearly 3,000 years ago turning right back told Ephraim he had dipped his feet in oil. He he he uses Ephraim instead of Asher. Uh but it's Asher that had the prophecy given to him. He said Ephraim settled right there where the big oil wells are. He said just exactly. I believe God keeps his word. Do you believe that tonight? Do we believe on a Wednesday night that God keeps his word? That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. And he said the the utterance of those people, what was on those mortals, he said God taking their fibers and moving in them. They didn't even realize it, but they were prophesying something about their own future. Asher, the name Asher means happy or blessed in an alternative meaning, happy or blessed. In Genesis 30 and 12, it's the story of Asher's birth. Zilpa, Leah's maid, bear Jacob a second son. And Leah said, "Happy am I for the daughters will call me blessed." And she called his name Asher. You know, I think tonight that we should be happy to have been chosen by God. We should be happy. Listen to what Moses says to Israel when he's blessing the 12 tribes. And he tells them this in Deuteronomy 33:29. Happy art thou, oh Israel. Who is like unto thee, oh people saved by the Lord? The shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency? Thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee. I love that scripture that we ought to put that on our that your enemies will be found to be liars. That old accuser that accuses you even when he knows what you did and he can accuse you of it, but he'll be found to be a liar because you never did it in the first place. Your sin goes back on him. Thine enemy shall be found liars unto thee and thou shalt tread upon their high places. Oh my. Psalm 144:9, he says, "I will sing a new song unto thee, oh God, upon a sultry and an instrument of 10 strings will I sing praises unto thee." Oh my, I believe I believe we can still be happy today. Verse 10, it is he that giveth salvation unto kings, who deliverth David, his servant, from the hurtful sword. Rid me and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose mouth speakaketh vanity, and the right hand is the right hand of falsehood that are sons. And I love this. In the Old Testament, happiness was tied to uh doing well and your children doing well. But I think this would be a good thing for us that we could say, "Lord, I love you." But because our sons, he said, "Let our sons be maybe as plants grown up in their youth." And our daughters, I love the the the beautiful language here. Our daughters may be as cornerstones polished after the similitude of a palace. our sons. There nothing better than that, is there? Watching your sons and daughters grow up into being become real men of God and women of God. That our sons may grow up as plants, our daughters may be as cornerstones. Verse 13, that our garners may be full, affording all manner of store, that our sheep may bring forth thousands and 10,000s in our streets, that our oxen may be strong to labor, that there be no breaking in nor going out, that there be no complaining in our streets. Oh, oh, that that would be a good thing to pray every morning. Be no complaining in our streets. Happy is that people that is in such a case. And he goes a little bit further. He said, "Yay, happy is that people whose God is the Lord." I believe we can still say amen to that today. He chose you. You didn't choose him. He chose you. He chose me. And so, we ought to be happy about that. Yes. The New Testament takes it a little bit further and it actually tells us that we can be happy. Brother Danny, and that we are blessed even when we don't feel like it. I know this is simple tonight, but it it just caught my attention as I saw the meaning of Asher's name and how he was blessed materially. But the New Testament says this, "Blessed are ye." That word blessed is actually happy when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. So he's talking about a happiness that's more than just what you have. And we ought to thank God for what we have. We ought to thank God for our children. We ought to thank God for our church. We ought to thank God for our wife or our husband. We ought to thank God for that. But he said beyond that, even when you're being persecuted, rejoice over that because you're laying up treasures in heaven. Every bad thing they say about you just increases your store up in heaven of treasures. Your crown just gets a little bit bigger. Rejoice and be exceeding glad. Oh my. 1 Peter 4:14. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye. Amen. For the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you. Yeah. And on their part, he's evil spoken of, but on your part, he's glorified. Somebody's got to say something good about him. Somebody's got to be positive about it. Somebody's got to got to bless the Lord. Everybody's cursing the Lord. Listen, how many times have you heard his name taken in vain this week? And how many times have you heard somebody somebody come and begin to curse and and act like a fool and in that and today it seems like people don't have any restraint? Well, if if you hear that all week, why can't we come in the house of God once in a while and say, "Lord, I bless your name. I worship you. You're my God. You're my savior. You're my healer." Why can't we do that once in a while? Yes, sir. Amen. If they can curse him all week long, we can surely get together in the house of God and tell him how much we love him. Amen. Hallelujah. Paul takes it just a step further and he said, "Rejoice in the Lord always. And again I say rejoice. And he wrote that with his hands tied together and in a prison house. He said, "Always rejoice." Amen. I believe he knew what he was talking about. You were created to be happy. Yeah. Did you know that? Brother Brandon said, "God don't want you to be frowning. God wants you to be happy." Yes. So the next time you get up and you're just all moody and upset and got up on the wrong side of the bed, I asked Peter, brother Danny raised his hand. I asked Peter the other day, I said, "Have you ever woke up grouchy?" And he said, "Well, I guess I have." I said, "Well, sometimes I wake up grouchy and sometimes I let her sleep." Now, my wife's a very happy person. But see, God don't want you to be frowning. God wants you to be happy. He said the human heart was made to be happy. Worry will cause cancer. Temper will cause cancer. Don't never be upset. Just walk in his love. He said, see, you were made to be happy and free. Free. You were made to live like children before your father and know that he makes every day, everything. Someone say everything. Everything work right for you each day. Yeah. So, if something happened today, maybe maybe you had a hard time at school or at work or whatever it is, or even worse if if your work is school and and and and if you're you're in you find yourself maybe you've been through the meal and you're thinking, well, well, I I've been through a lot today and things happened that were bad. There's nothing good can come out of that. But a prophet of God told us that every day he's making everything work out for our good. We can't see it no more than children understand why they can't have candy all the time. But we know he's a good God and he's able to make it work right. Hallelujah. He's able to do exceedingly and abundantly even more than we could ask or think. Yes. I'm going to get myself in trouble here, but brother Brandham describes getting older and how he didn't want to become unhappy. And this is going to tie back into Asher. I promise. So keep this in your mind. Brother Brandon talks, we got lots of senior saints and we I want you to know how much we appreciate you. I've looked back, I've told you before, I look back sometimes on the monitor in the back and I see all of our elders sitting here before anybody else and and they get here early and and they're always here. I thank you for being here. But you know, God wants you to be happy even when you get older. He don't want you to be sad. He don't want you to be upset. He wants you to learn to trust him. Learn to lean on him. And as you get older, you can do that because you've been through some things. You've seen God is good. And and and and David said it like this. He said, "I was young, but now I'm old, but I've never seen a seed forsaken. I've never seen the righteous forsaken or seed begging bread." Yes. But brother Random taught us he describes getting older and and and how he didn't want to become unhappy because of the condition of his body. And this would apply to sick people as well. People have experienced a lot of physical sickness even if they're young. He said, "I'm getting old. I know that. Each day I get a new ache and pain. Every one of us do." He said, "You might as well tell the truth." I thought, "God, don't let me listen. Yeah, you're going to hurt. That's part of life. Pain is a part of our experience down here. There's coming a day when there'll be no more pain, right? But he said, I said, God, don't let me. He said, one of the most miserable things is see a man or woman who's never accepted Christ. So, so church, if this don't apply to you, don't make it apply to you. If you've accepted Christ, you don't have to be like this. But he's he's talking about somebody who's never accepted Christ, just lived an old Mossback church member. meaner than Satan himself. See him out there with crab old something? Well, I tell you, I don't believe in any God. Never. And Brother Brown gets very descriptive. He said, "That's the horriblest crown that Satan can crown life with. A grouchy old woman about 60 or 70 years old with fat hanging down under her arms and wrinkles all over her face and her hair bobbed up in four or five different colors and strutting herself down a pair of little shorts. If that ain't the crown of Satan," he said. have never seen it or some old crab man. He said, "Oh God," he said, "give me grace to never complain." That ought to all of us ought to pray that way. And we realize that we have things to complain about, especially as you get older, right? Well, you got things to complain about, but give me grace, Lord, to never complain. And I want my life, Lord. I want my people's life. He said, "God grant that our life could be crowned. No matter if we suffer, whatever takes place, how many turns against me," he said, "I know this one thing in my life. As I get older, my friends, the stream behind me will soon be running out narrower and narrower as I go down the road." Now, he's going to put his finger on something that really affects our elders. And that's that many of their friends that they had and and their co-workers and their acquaintances, as you get older, you've got fewer and fewer friends that that are real close to you because either they've died off or they've left, they've moved. And and so as you get older, you tend to have less friends and you tend to be more lonely. And and I think us young people ought to recognize that and try to help out any way that we can in in helping our our elders and recognizing that. But he he said uh he he said uh he said he he identifies this as one of the sources of unhappiness in elders. He said I know one thing it'll come to pass after a while there'll be nobody come to me and ask me advice. Now, that hurts, especially if you got advice to give, and the older you get, the more advice you got, right? I find myself just advising myself, you know, cuz nobody else wants to listen to me, so I'll just give myself advice, you know? But as you get older, you kind of get like, well, I've learned a few things. And you have, right? And there's wisdom in getting and getting older. And you've been down, but you feel like now some of you older people could say amen to you. You feel like nobody's listening. Like you're talking all the time, but nobody's listening. Huh? And you know that that person, you know, got them money troubles, you know, and you know how to fix it cuz you fixed it in your life, but but they won't listen. Woo! I put my finger on something Mary. that person's got problems in their marriage and you know how you know what you had to do to fix it and the forgiveness you had to have to fix it but but you've been through it and and so you'd like to tell them but nobody wants to come and look for advice and that bothers you and listen what he said the ones who know me in my younger days will be gone on if I shall live I I've seen preachers get all tore up older preachers elder ministry get all tore up because nobody come to them for advice anymore and so they begin to to to lash out at people just because and it's just a symptom of getting older. It's not that the people hate you or or that people are wrong. They just do things differently, right? Every generation's got their own chance at revival, their own and and and they look at the focus on the young people and stuff and it makes them, well, nobody asked me if we should play that song. Nobody asked me if we should do this, that, or the other. And again, we I think we ought to seek advice from our elders. But if you get in that condition, he said, I he said, I know I'll get in that place where no one will ask me for advice. The ones who knew me in my younger days will be gone on if I shall live. My friends will get fewer and fewer as I get older. He said, I know that someday I've got to die. I hope that God never let Satan crown me as an old crab, indifferent man, and my wife an old nagging woman. Or your wife, he said, or you that way. I pray, brother, that our lives will be crowned with the fruits of the spirit. How many would pray this with me today? Well, I believe we got some elders here whose lives have been crowned with the fruit of the spirit. I I I trust that's each and every one of us. He said, I pray that our lives will be crowned with the fruits of the spirit. Love, joy, longsuffering, gentleness, patience, truth, faith in the Holy Spirit. Let me let my life be like that bubbling brook that brother Brandham talked about. That bubbling brook. He talked about the brook and that picture is of Greer Spring up by Alton, Missouri. When I when I read about the bubbling brook where the Brown talks about, I think about that spring because you walk a whole mile to get down into it and then when you get down there uh you got to walk a whole mile uphill to get back. But I've been there and when it's hot, I've been there when it's 100° and brother David that when you're when it's 100° that uh that is just as cool down there and just as fresh and there's moss all over everything. It's not touch of anything and the water is just gurgling. It puts out like I think I think 20 million gallons a day or some insane number of water that it puts out. It's the second largest spring in Missouri. And as it's putting out the water, it's just bubbling up. You can't really see where it comes from. It just comes up out of the ground. Bubbles up and it never stops. It never stop. God help me to be like that. Brother Brandon saw a brook like that and he said he said it was just bubbling up in the desert in dry places in dry seasons. It just kept bubbling. Kept bubbling. And he come by and he said, he said, "Little Brooke," he said, "why do you bubble?" He said, "What makes you bubble?" He said, he said, "Is it because I drink from you?" He said, "If little Brooke could have talked, it said, 'N no, it's not because you drink from me." He said, "Is it because the animals drink from you?" He said, "No, not because the animals drink from me, but he said, there's something inside me bubbling me." Amen. Something on the inside of that b is some force is causing it to bubble up. Oh, let me whether I'm young or old or middle-aged or whatever it is that I am, let me have that bubbling brook inside of me, where I'm never depressed and to the point where I can't find the joy of the Lord, where I'm never I you'll be forsaken sometimes. You'll be hurt sometimes. You'll be upset. That's natural. That's a part of life. But let me never become so upset that I can't feel that urging and that moving of the Holy Spirit in my life. Something's bubbling me. He said, "That's the way it is with a spiritfilled life." He said, "See, he gives you wells of water springing up unto everlasting life, an artisian overflowing gusher that's constantly flowing." He said, "Whether the rest of the church is up or down, you're still at that well." Glory to God. He said, "Why would you take an old denominational system and sister full of parasites and everything else and drink around that stagnated stuff when you're invited to a fountain, an artisian well?" He he talked about that spring. He said, "I think how it just pushed and juggled and gurgled and laughed and joyed and jumped and frolicked." Amen. Frolicked cold, rainy, hot, dry. When all the rest of the country was drying up, it was bubbling just like it always did. Oh, God, help me to be like that. When everything's dry and I said, "Well, there's no revival here and there's no revival there. Let me be something on the inside of me that bubbles up." That's what Asher was born in. He said, "You're going to be put in a land where there's happiness." says, "I believe every member of the bride has been birthed into that land." Hallelujah. He said, "Cuz it was it was bubbling." He said, "Cold, rainy, hot, dry." When all the rest of the country was drying up, it was bubbling just like it always did. Cuz it was deeprooted way down in the rocks that come forth. Oh, let me live by that gusher. How many can say amen to that tonight? Let me live by that gusher. Take all the old man-made systems you want to all your old stagnated. Well, that's why I love the message of the hour. The message is just as fresh to me, brother Stewart, today as it was the first time I read it. Let me let me stay by that well. Let me stay there by the promises of God. That tells me I'm as bright. Tells me I'm going to make it. Tells me I'm going in a rapture. Tells me I'm healed. Let me stay right there. What about you, church? Let me stay at my where my joy is. Hallelujah. He said, "Let me come." He said, "You can have all the man-made systems, all the stagnated systems. Let me come to this fountain. Let me come there where he is just full. He is my joy. He is my light. He is my strength. He is my water. He is my life. He is my healer. He's my savior. He is my king. Everything that I have need of is found in him. Why would I want to go to anything else? Hallelujah. Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, as the scripture said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water." Oh, but in the next verse, he explains it. He said, "This spake he of the spirit which they that believe on him should receive." At that time the Holy Ghost was not yet given, but now the Holy Ghost has been given to all those he said that would receive it. Amen. Oh, I I trust you've received it today. So, the water is the spirit. We find that happiness and joy is always associated with the Holy Ghost. Do you know that? Acts chapter 13 and verse 52. And the disciples were filled with joy and with the Holy Ghost. Romans 14:17, for the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. True happiness is joy. It's something that goes beyond just the the happiness of a natural natural life, but it's a joy in your heart. He said, now in Romans 15:13, now the God of hope fill you. He said, with all joy and peace in believing that you may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost. 1 Thessalonians chapter 1 verse 5. He said, "Our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power and in the Holy Ghost and in much assurance as you know what manner of men we were among you for your sake. And you become followers of us and of the Lord, having received the word." I love the how he puts these two things together. In much affliction with joy of the Holy Ghost. Yeah. You ever looked at those two things and you think, well, that that can't be true. You receive the word in much affliction with joy of the Holy Ghost. But didn't he tell you to rejoice when you had a trial? Right? And the only way you can do that, you can't do that by the carnal mind. There's only one way to do that, and that's by the joy of the Holy Ghost. Listen to me, church. If you don't have that joy, if you don't have that bubbling, I'd be seeking for it. I'd be looking for it. I'd be trying to find him. He's a great fountain of life. He can keep you. You don't have to sit all depressed and convicted in church anymore. But you can find the one who who your soul loves. And yeah, he there's always joy with him. Hallelujah. Amen. I've told these young people, I said, don't ever let someone else control your joy. Not a girlfriend or a boyfriend or a husband or a wife or a church or a pastor. You don't let nobody control your joy. Your joy comes from the Holy Ghost, not from them. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Listen what he says. He said you become, he said, you you had received the word in much affliction with joy of the Holy Ghost so that you were examples. When you receive the word with joy, you become an example. That's right. Yeah. An example to all that believe in Macedonia and Akaya. For from you sounded out the word of the Lord, not only in Macedonia and Aaya, but also in every place your faith to God were to spread abroad. He said, so that we need not to speak anything. Listen, it's a whole lot easier to witness when you got joy in your heart. It's a whole lot easier to tell somebody you're a Christian or that you believe the message when you got joy in your heart. And and it's unexplainable joy. Peace that passes understanding. Right. Yeah. Right. And I'm not asking you to be happy that that you went through a trial. I'm not asking you to be happy that you're going through a dark place in your life. I recognize you're going to be sad about some things. But I'm telling you, there's something on the inside that that that that you can turn to. There's happiness there if you'll just turn to him today. Hallelujah. It's there. Brother Brandon said, "The greatest thing I find against the church tonight is fear. Everybody's scared to death about something. And I know that there are people so afraid that another preacher is going to fall that they just can't trust a pastor. And they just can't trust a preacher. and they just can't they just can't bring themselves or maybe men have done them wrongs, they can't trust a man, maybe a woman's done them wrong, they can't trust women and and they just get but listen, we got to move beyond that at some point in our life, church, and recognize that we got to lose the fear of that. Realize God's in control. He knows what he's doing. Whatever happens in our life is going to be for our good. Period. There's no exceptions to that. Everything that happens, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Amen. Well, and we got to acknowledge the word of God is true about that. As difficult as it can be at times, he said, "The greatest thing I find is fear. Everybody's scared to death about something." He said, "What are you scared about? If a man's born again, he should be happy, carefree." He said, "Just like these fellows singing up here and the brother testifying back there, just free." He said, "There ain't nothing can." Don't you like to be in church when it's free? I've been in church when it's bound up and everybody's looking at one another and wondering who the achen is and and looking around to see who sinned and who did this, that, or the other. I don't want to go to church like that. I want to go to church where it's free and the presence of God is moving and and people are accepting the word. And let me be in a place where the word of God is being preached and people are responding to it. Why? Because they're free to respond to it. Oh, that's what we want, church. We want joy in our lives. The joy of the Holy Ghost. He said nothing, he said that. He said nothing can harm you, nothing present, nothing future, nothing can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ. God has promised. He's called by election. He set his church in order. No man can come to me except the father draws him. You never come to God because you wanted to. You come because Christ called you. God called you. And he that comes to me, I will in no wise cast out. I'll give him everlasting life. Not just lasting for a week, one revival to another, but everlasting eternal life, and we'll raise him up at the last day. He said, "Oh my, if that don't take the wind out of Satan's sails, I don't know what does." He said, "How do you know?" I said, "Jesus said so." Thus sayeth the Lord. Jesus said, "How do you know you're saved?" Jesus said so. How do you know you got the Holy Ghost? He said so. He identified it in my life. He said, "How do I know Jesus said so? Thus sayith the Lord. Jesus said so. That settles it. If he said it, I believe it. Listen to this. He said in John 5:24, he said, "A pet subject to me. He that I know there's message preachers who I've been told that we can't preach this anymore because it's too easy." Well, I believe we can preach what a prophet said. He said, "He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." Say, "That's pretty easy, brother Brandham." He said, "No man, hallelujah, no man can believe Jesus to be the Christ in his heart and will be the same man that he was before." He wasn't preaching a gospel that won't change you. But if you'll do what God said, you pass from death unto life and you will be changed. Amen. Hallelujah. We even find happiness with a bad lot in life and even in old age. I'm going to bring this all the way around. You know, we're going to connect it back to Asher. He said, "Brother Ben, you've preached all evening and you've not talked about Asher." Let me read Luke chapter 2:36. There was one Anna, a prophetus, the daughter of Fenule, of the tribe of Asher. It's spelled a little different in the Greek than it was in the Hebrew. Of the tribe of Asher. She was of a great age and had lived with a husband seven years from her virginity. And she was a widow of about four score and four years. So she was either 84 years old or she had been a widow for 84 years. She was very old and which departed not from the temple. I'm sorry some of y'all are that old. I'm sorry. But you know it's okay to acknowledge that's a lot of years. You made it. Thank God. It's God hand God's hand on your life. Right. How many times you elders can we ought to be able to rejoice cuz how many times could you have gone out? How many times could you have hit somebody or somebody hits you or or or that sickness that you got? Brother Harvey, they told you you weren't going to be able to make it. You weren't going to live. But you're here today after 20 years later. Why? Because God kept you. God's a good God. He's a God of health and healing. And thank God for that. So if you've reached, as the Bible says, a great age, then we ought to be happy about it. And she she she was of the tribe of Asher. Hallelujah. And she was a a widow of about 84 years which departed not from the temple but served God with fastings and prayers night and day. She'd had a tough life. Brother Brandham tells us she was blind and she'd had a very difficult life and unable maybe to do what most people did. maybe living on charity in the temple, but she was looking for one thing. And it made me it made me happy for some of you, some of our elders, because I realize some of y'all are in church all the time and you're like Anna the prophetist. She she was always in the house of God and she was there because she maybe she didn't have nothing else to do, but she didn't come begrudgingly or or say, "Well, it's another service. I got to go." There was something in her heart for for all of them years. Listen, she was only married for seven years before her husband died and then she was a widow for all for these decades. How can you give thanks to God with that kind of a situation in your life? But listen what she does. He says she coming in that instant when Jesus had been brought into the temple on the eighth day and here they brought him in were standing in line waiting with all the other babies. And remember Simeon had come up and Simeon came up and and acknowledged who he was because the Lord had revealed to him said, "You're not going to die until you see him." And here come Anna, blind Anna, walking up and she come to the same spot. Brother Brandon said she knew Simeon. Simeon's revelation was right. Hallelujah. Listen to me, church. I didn't get my own revelation, but I believe that God sent a prophet in this hour and I believe his revelation was right. Right? She believed Simeon's revelation was right. And so she come in in that instant and gave thanks. Hallelujah. What was it? She lived to see the Lord and spake him of him to all them that look for redemption in Israel. Church, you may be going through a hard time. Maybe you're young. Maybe you're old. But you can be like Anna and say, "I'm going to talk about him. I'm going to tell I'm gonna tell others because not everybody has the hope I do. But I met him. I saw him. I know he's alive." Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham, listen. He tells us she was blind. If anyone had a reason to be unhappy, critical, grumpy, crowned with a crabby spirit, it was her. But she was of the tribe of Asher. She'd found a happy position in Christ. So God, help each one of us to find that position. She was happy. She was blessed. She expected to see him. Listen, brother Brandhamstead in the temple the same day was an old blind I'm closing in just a few minutes. An old blind prophetist by the name of Anna. She didn't leave the temple. She prayed day and night. She was blind in her eyes, but she could see a lot farther than people could with their eyes. She was waiting for the consolation of Israel knowing that Christ would come someday. And the Holy Spirit struck her. She stood up on her feet in one place. Brother Brandon says the Holy Spirit said, "Stand up." And he be to move her, be to she be to be led by the Holy Ghost, moving through the temple around the critics. Right now, come on, church. We're coming to the end of a Wednesday night service. But sometimes to worship God like you ought to. Sometimes to seem like you ought to, you need to move around the critics. You need to quit thinking, "Well, that's what so and so think about me, what do my friends think about me? What will somebody else What do the other churches think about me? We need to we need to move around that critical spirit and find him. Amen. Because the most important thing is to find him. The most important thing is to worship him. The most important thing is to wash his feet. She moved around the critics. Oh God, help me to do that. Call me Pentecostal if you want to. Call me a holy roer if you want to. Say I'm a message fanatic if you want to. But let me move around the fanatics until I see the son of man revealed in our day. Let me move around the critics until I see God revealed to me. Amen. The Holy Ghost leading her to Christ raised up and prophesied and blessed Mary and the baby led of the spirit expecting it, believing it. Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit said, "Stand up." She made her way through the crowds through those critics, through the high priest and the money changers to a little couple standing in line, a baby wrapped in swaddling clothes. And the Holy Spirit led her to that exact spot just like he's led you here tonight on a Wednesday night. And she lifted up her hands and said, "This is him. I found him." I thank Oh my. I wonder how many of us church could recognize him here on a Wednesday night. We can say, "Thank you, Lord. I found you. I've had a difficult life. Things have been rough for me, but I found you. And there's a joy bubble up in my heart because I know the word is real." She was happy cuz she found him. So, there comes that old blind woman feeling around the crowd, going through the great host of the temple till she got right to where he was and lifted up her hands and blessed God. If the Holy Ghost could lead that blind prophetus because she was expecting to see the Lord Jesus when he comes. Can he lead you to the fountain of his blessings and grace? He said, "Be expecting it. Look forward to it. He's here." He said, "God is here. He's moving by his spirit, moving over all the earth. Signs and wonders when God moveth, move, oh Lord, on me." Listen to this. Brother Brandon said, "If you expect to come just to find something to criticize, the devil will sure show you plenty. to criticize. He certainly will. You get what you expect. So, I'm always amazed when people come to church and find out people are human. Just amazing to me. Brother Ben, I looked all at all the people and they were humans. Well, yeah, that's what they are. But, Brother Ben, they make mistakes. So did Israel. Yeah. So God's people have always made mistakes. But brother Brandon said, what Balum couldn't see was a brass serpent. All right. For their sin. What the devil can't see today is amen. It's a is an atonement for sin. What Bam couldn't see was a smitten rock. Amen. A gushing water among them. He said he couldn't see the shout of the king in the camp. Oh my. If you if you look for something to criticize, you'll find it. You'll get what you expect. Some of them say, "If I don't get it from the prayer line, if I see something like this, then I'll believe." You'll get what you expect. I'm expecting tonight to see the Holy Spirit come and manifest himself in power, pour out his glory upon this. Some of y'all know where this come from. It come from deep calls to the deep. I can almost quote it. I've watched that so many times even as a child. He said, he said, "I'm expecting to see the Holy Spirit come and manifest himself in power, pour out his glory in this building here. Many receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Sinners weep their way to Calvary. sick be healed all manner of signs and wonders because Jesus Christ has promised it and I believe his promise. Hallelujah. Let's read that last verse as the musicians go ahead and come Genesis 49:20. Back to the beginning again. Out of Asher his bread shall be fed and he shall yield royal dainties. This is Jacob's blessing of Asher. I I like that. Out of ashure, his bread shall be fat. His bread shall be fat. In other words, it will have become bread. His wheat will have become bread. The harvest will be good. There'll be lots and lots of bushels per acre to put it in a farming parlance. He said, "And that's what we are here for, friend." And brother Brandham saying this to stay in the presence of the sun till our little group of people oh let it be us tonight till it becomes so ripe to Christ it become bread on his table. That's what he said about Asher. He said your bread will be fat. I just want to stay here in the presence of the sun until I become bread on his [Music] table. I thought of this as well as we're closing. Asher's feet were dipped in oil. You know, when Jesus came here, you remember he come to Simon's house and they didn't wash his feet. They didn't anoint him with oil. But there was a little insignificant woman used all the money she had that she'd made in a very wrong and difficult way. She used that to buy oil to anoint his feet. She dipped his feet in oil. Oh, church. Oh, I I want to give him what he deserves tonight. I want to I want to bless his heart. He deserves a little praise. He said, "But I've been through some difficult things." I've told you this story before. Sometimes I feel like I'm just repeating myself, but I apologize for that. But it just was a a a moment in my life that kind of changed me. I was in the Philippines and and in in Manila and I'm sitting in the in a truck that was difficult for me to sit in. It was a box truck, but it was difficult cuz the cab was so tight and my knees are up against the dashboard. They don't make trucks over there like they do here. And but Paul knows he's been there. His wife's Filipino and and I it's, you know, it was just difficult. I was kind of grouchy. It was hot. But I had air conditioning in the cab. They didn't have air conditioning in the back of that box truck. And we were hauling kids to camp. Not in an air conditioned van like we have here for the kids. But we were hauling kids to a youth camp. And and they had the from a very young age, maybe five or six up to teenagers. And they just crammed into the back of that box truck. They're piled in and they got there's a sliding glass window so a little bit of air can get back where they're at. They got the air blowing and and as they're as we're sitting there I I begin to hear a little girl about 5 years old and she begin to sing. She began to sing I am so blessed. She sang in English. I am so blessed. God's been so good to me. I sit there thought I got nothing to complain about. I got nothing to complain about. if she can sit back there with joy in her heart thinking I she didn't know no better that's just what they always did things she said I I have been so blessed God's so good to me and when she started singing that I just broke down and started to cry I thought oh God let give me a joyful heart let me be let me be happy about what you've given me let me be like Asher let me realize my feet have been dipped in oil I've been anointed for the age that I'm living in I know some of y'all going through trouble I know you're facing bad reports I I know you're looking at things and saying, "Well, well, how are we going to get out of this?" But if you could just look at him and he's always brought you through before. He's always brought you to the place where you could come and you can see him. He's always led you to the right place. He's always healed you. He's always saved your life. I believe he'll do it again. Don't you? Why don't you go ahead and bless him for it and say, "I thank you, oh God. I thank you, Lord. I thank you. Let me give you some oil. Let me dip your feet in oil. You put me in a good place. I'm so blessed to be here. Oh, I thank you, Lord. Oh, why don't we just praise him in our own way? Lord, we love you today. We thank you. We thank you for your goodness, Lord. Thank you for two feet to stand on and two hands to raise. And Lord, I thank you. I thank you for your love. I thank you for your goodness. I thank you for my family. I thank you for the for the blessings you've given us here in America, Lord, that we've had your word in our language and we can feed on it every day. I'm so thankful, Lord. I'm so thankful for my family. So thankful for this church. Lord, I thank you for giving us, Lord, good elders and good young people. I pray you'd bless them continually. Oh God, Satan, you're defeated in the name of the Lord. You have no right to stand in this audience of people. Be dismissed in the name of the Lord. You've got no right to stand here. I pray, Lord, that you would just move in a mighty way. Pray you take away all the fear, all the doubt, all the insecurity, Lord, and may you begin to move, Lord. Help us to realize just how good we've got it in your presence. I thank you Lord. I thank you for your blessings. I thank you for happiness. Thank you for love in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Have you been blessed? Why don't we stand together and just just worship him? If you need prayer, the altar's open. But maybe he come tonight with a need. We come with needs to the house of God. But maybe he come with a need. He said, "I want to be blessed. I want to I want to feel the worship. I want to know that you love me and need of fellowship. That's what all this was about anyway. He needed fellowship. Why don't you fellowship? You said, "Well, you don't know what I'm going through right now. Why don't you fellowship with him about it a little bit? Love him. Love on him a little bit." Hallelujah. Oh, I bless your name. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. We love you tonight. Oh, I give you honor. Hallelujah. I give you praise. I give you praise. Hallelujah. Oh, you are the life. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm so blessed. I'm thankful, God, for the truth, the truth, the way. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, I bless your name. Oh, I love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for blessings in my life, oh God. Thank you for blessing these people, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, in praise. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, God. Lord, if they could bless you there, how much more should I be able to bless you in this place? Oh, I love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, Paul, let us Oh, they prayed that night. Hallelujah. Oh, yes. Oh, and there. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. They begin to see. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, their chains were loose. Oh, I thank you for loosening the chains, Lord. Oh, and they were free. Singing now. I bless your name with all your heart. As brother Joel comes, I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, I bless your name. I give you [Music] honor, Lord. I give you praise for you are the life, you're the truth, the way. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name some midnight out you should find. [Music] You're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and [Applause] praise. Defy those chains. and they will [Music] fall in my Jesus [Music] name. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name and I give you honor. I give you praise. Lord, I give you [Music] praise for you are the life. You're the truth, the [Music] way. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I bless. I wonder if we can sing that second verse one more time. Some midnight hour. Oh, some midnight hour. If you should find your [Music] in your mind, reach out. Oh, can we do that tonight, church? Can we just praise him? Oh, defy those chains and they will fall. Oh yes, they will in my Jesus name. With all our hearts now, can we just praise him now for a minute? Oh, I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name. Oh, I give you honor, Lord. I give you all the praise. For you are the life, you're the truth, the way. Oh, I bless your name. name. I bless your name. Can you give him a hand of praise tonight? Amen. He's worthy of all of our praise. Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? And I believe that was good for us tonight. Amen. We're we're happy in the bad times and we're happy in the good times. And you know, if you didn't go through a trial, you wouldn't know what victory feels like. I mean, aren't you thankful you know what victory feels like here tonight? Amen. Just coming out to the house of God on a Wednesday night. Amen. You told the devil whose side you're on and he'll show up tomorrow and he'll try to get you again. Amen. But you've got a sword and a shield and you've been armored. Amen. Aren't you? You've been armed and dangerous. Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord? Amen. I I believe that was just going to do us good tonight. I wonder if we could do that. God is good all the time. K. Yeah. Well, God is good all the time. He puts us all good and praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. [Music] Well, if you're walking through the mountain and there are shadows all around, oh, do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is still true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Oh, in the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, he is. God is good all the [Music] time. Well, we were sinners, so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. Doesn't that make us happy tonight? He has filled us with his Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting and his mercy. Oh, they will never never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Oh, in the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the [Music] time. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. I just want to be ready to give you G. Amen. We're going to sing this one through one time and you're free to go. Don't forget service on Sunday morning at 10:30. Just come expecting. Amen. The prophet of God said in the quote he read tonight there, you'll get what you expect. Amen. So, let's just come expecting another another move of God. And amen. I just believe we can take what we heard tonight. Amen. I believe that's going to make better Christians out of all of us. Amen. God bless you. Amen. as we go now. Well, I just want to be ready. Oh, I just want to be ready to go. Oh, yes. I Well, I want to be ready. Yes, I Well, I want to be ready to go. Well, I know I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready to go. I know that I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready. Oh, sing it again. Well, I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I I'm going to be ready. Well, yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready to go as you go now. Will I feel like praising praising him? Well, I feel like praising praising him. Well, just praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh well, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising
