################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-11 - RWF 2025 02 09 Bro Gilbert Wamutete - Gilbert Wamutete.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-11
Title:   RWF 2025 02 09 Bro Gilbert Wamutete
Speaker: Gilbert Wamutete
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNM8y2Vde04
========================================

Description:
Sermon preached by Brother Gilbert Wamutete on Feb 9, 2025.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] How I love Jesus. [Music] How I love Jesus because he first loved me. Oh, I never forsake him. I'll never forsake him. I'll never forsake him because he first loved me to me. To me he is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful because he first loved me. There is a name. There is a name I love to hear. I love to sing it worth. It sounds like music in mind. The sweetest name on earth. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. How I love Jesus because he first loved me. It tells me of my Savior's love who died to set me free. It tells me of his preious blood, the sinners perfectly. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. How I love Jesus because he first loved me. [Music] Welcome [Music] in the sweet by and by. [Music] There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar. Oh, the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. The melodious songs of the blessed and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sign for the blessing of rest. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall be on that beautiful shore to our bountiful father above. We will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that hollow our day. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall be on that beautiful shore in the sweet in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. Just stand with me. Let's sing. There's no satisfaction outside salvation. There is no satisfaction outside. S B A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L E A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L B A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L B A T I O. While we're standing just our father in heaven, Lord, we thank you Lord that you've Lord given us Lord joy beyond compare Lord Lord strength beyond compare Lord that we can look forward to Lord the end of days Lord not be afraid of them Lord not Lord be fearful Lord but know Lord where we're going Lord we know Lord that you're coming back for a bride Lord and Lord we're your bride that we can Lord that this in our home, Lord. That Lord, if this earth is burned, Lord, and destroyed, you Lord, you have a house for us. Lord, you have a a body for us, Lord. That we can dwell with you, Lord, and be with you, Lord, eternally. We just thank you, Lord, for that, Lord, that strength and that joy, Lord. Lord, your spirit, Lord, that dwells in us, Lord. Father, we're here this morning, Lord, to give you glory, Lord, to give you praise, Lord. Would you would you be here, Lord, amongst us, Lord? you, Lord, abide in this house. Lord, be with Lord, my my brothers and sisters, Lord. Lord, speak as as you'd see fit, Lord. Lord, use the Lord, the voice of man, Lord, as Lord, as up to you, Lord, Lord, abide here with us. Would you be with us, Lord, who who couldn't make it, Lord, brother Victor, Lord, who's traveling, Lord, and Lord, and his family, Lord, would you be with them? Lord, we Lord, I ask that you have your way this morning. Ask these things in Jesus Christ. Are you going to And uh just a a quick announcement as we're finding our seats. If uh if you haven't uh updated your address or checked your address in the back there, Uh just a quick announcement if if anyone hasn't checked their address or if you need your address updated uh we're just redoing the church directory. So we've had it up there for a little bit. I think we're ready to take it down. So just as a final reminder if you don't have your address there it's not and also for the uh tax You ask me why I'm askone [Music] who ask me where they are. I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did and now my sins are there underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. You can have your seats. Just bear with me. I haven't sung this one before. Um and uh I've been coughing a lot lately. So just [Music] praise. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peacees over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise. Lord, it brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. There's a place inside of my heart where a song of thanksgiving starts because of all of your goodness and the joy that it gives. I will let my song fill the air. Yes, I'll sing it everywhere. Lord, my praise will crescendo. Every day that I live, I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. Washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. Lord, I'd love to see your skies when you paint a glorious sunrise. I love the dew in the morning and hear the song birds sing. Oh, but there's nothing sweeter to me than to join in harmony with all my brothers and sisters. Singing praise to the King. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. Washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise. Lord, it brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. It washes over me like a sweet, gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory. [Music] No matter what I face through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. Lord, I love to see your skies. When you paint a glorious sunrise, I love the dew in the morning and hear the song bird sing. Oh, but there's nothing sweeter to me than to join in harmony with all my brothers and sisters. Singing praise to our King. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. It washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. Oh Lord, I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. It washes over me like a sweet, gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. I saw the police. [Music] I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more inorrow. [Music] Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I wondered life filled with sin. I wouldn't let my dear Savior in. Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more in. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Just like a blind man I wondered alone. Worries and fears I claimed for my own. And like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. In darkness, no more in. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw a lie. I was a fool to wander astray. For straight is the gate and narrow is the way. Now I have traded the wrong for the right. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more open darkness. No. [Music] Thank you for having me again. Sorry. Do you mind How great is your mercy? How great are the things that you have done for me? kind to Great. How great are you? [Music] How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you? Your loaches [Music] [Music] to the heaven. How great is the heart and how great are you Lord? [Music] How great are you as I sing? How great are you, Lord? Rejoice. [Music] Look what the Lord has done. He drew at the rising of the sun. [Music] Rejoice. [Music] Stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. One more time. Rejoice what the Lord. Yes, Lord. He drove away the darkness and the rising up the sun. [Music] Rejoice. Look where he brought us from. Stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. Praise the Lord. We have lots to rejoice over. Amen. Praise God. Let's rejoice even while the preaching goes on. Can you say amen? We have a lot of reasons to rejoice. Praise God. We're so happy to have different ones here today. Amen. So happy to have the Bfords here. God bless you. Amen. Finally, the second time. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so glad brother Dan is getting better. Amen. He's already healed. By his stripes, he's already healed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Then we're so happy to have brother Phil. Wasn't that a blessing? That song? It sounded so heavenly. Amen. And you know, you can see the the uh the family of brother Peter's, they're perfectionists. Amen. You can see that they he had to tune that guitar right to the nth degree. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I wouldn't have noticed any difference. Amen. But we're so happy. And Sister Kathy, well, her voice was strong. I didn't feel that there was anything wrong with her voice. Amen. It was strong and powerful praising the Lord Jesus. Amen. And she said, "I like to sing your praises. It brings us victory." So when we praise the Lord, you want victory, praise the Lord. Can you say hallelujah? Hallelujah. Amen. If you continue saying that, Amen. You will have the victory. And then we have brother Abel. I thought brother Sister Stella was here. Well, yeah. Well, you told me she was here. I said, "Is Sister Stella here?" You said, "Yes." He probably didn't understand me. Amen. Hallelujah. But we're so happy to have brother Abel back again from Africa. God bless you, brother Abel. And you used to tell Sister Stella, she's welcome back to to Canada. Amen. It's still Canada. It's still not the United States. It's still Canada. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And then we have a surprise. We have drummer back. Are you going to stay back here? Amen. Brother Elijah, we're so happy to have brother Elijah here with us. Are you going to stay here a few months? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, I expect you and service drumming here today. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I'm so happy. It does make a difference. And we got to keep the beat. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. I think that's we've covered them all because I don't want to miss anybody. And of course, everybody's so welcome. We're so happy to have everyone here this this this morning. Praise the Lord. And and of course, we didn't welcome our brother Gilbert yet. How many enjoy brother Gilbert's ministry? Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. God bless you, brother Gilbert, for coming all the way from Calgary. If you thought you drove far, well, he came all the way from Calvary. Amen. What a good brother we have. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And we are so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here to see you all in this nice cold Alberta weather. But the sun is shining. It's not shining so brightly in BC. Is Is it shining brightly? Not quite so brightly. Amen. But we're happy. Amen. We're living in Alberta, not Saskatchewan or Manitoba. Like you said, it's not quite as it's not quite as windy. So, we're happy to be in church this morning. Can we relax now? Not fall asleep. Now, I'm going to be watching you. Amen. Amen. I'm going to look over and say, "Oh my goodness, that one is sleeping." But you know something, when the word is preached, we don't sleep because we don't get, you know, it doesn't come come by metamorphosis. It doesn't, you know, my son always thought, you know, he didn't like to study. He thought he'd put his books under his And he thought, well, you know, that that would be good enough studying to let the let the let the the the the principles of that book enter my mind through through, you know, just laying on the book. But brother and sister, we got to listen. Amen. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing comes by what? By hearing the word of God. Hallelujah. Hearing comes by the word of God. Not just the word of God, but hearing comes by the word of God. That's what the scripture says. Amen. So, we're so happy to be here this morning and to have our brother Gilbert. So, I'm not I'm going to get out of the way right away here. And brother Gilbert, would you come let us sing a chorus, Will? He lives. He lives. Amen. Amen. I serve I serve a ris. He's in the world today. I know that he is living whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him. He's always here. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and he talks with me. A long life stare away. He lives. He lives. Salvation to him. You ask me how I know he lives. How do we know? He lives within my heart. In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows weary, I never will despair. I know that he is leading through all the stormy blast. The day of his rap will come at last. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and he talks with me along life's narrow way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to you. Ask me how I know he lives. lives. He lives within my heart. [Music] Praise the Lord. Does he live in your heart? Amen. Praise God. Come, Brother Gilbert. Amen. Let's welcome Brother Gilbert. Amen. And most of all, let's welcome our Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Because he brought the Lord Jesus with him. We got to take it. When he speaks, it's like our Lord Jesus speaking. That's what the five-fold ministry is all about. The Lord Jesus speaking through men. Hallelujah. Through the body. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, Brother Gilbert. So nice to have you here. God bless you. Amen. Have your liberty. Take your time. Hallelujah. I don't have to tell you that. I'm at home. God bless you. Amen. God bless you saints. God bless you. Feel welcome. Shake somebody's hand on my behalf. That would be your neighbor in heaven. On my behalf. Amen. Oh my. I'm happy to be in your meets this morning and uh I bring you greetings from my wife. She couldn't make it because of pressure at pressure of work at school but I know soon it will be over. And also I bring you greetings from Let Bridge Church. We are doing fine. Oh, I wish one of these days you could just transfer one Sunday over there. I also enjoyed the pastor when I was here now when he asked me to come. I why should I come? if he can preach such a wonderful sermon. But as he has said uh because of the five-fold ministry uh we have different approaches the same food but uh some will add spices from Caribbean from Africa and it makes the taste a little bit different. Amen. So without wasting time, let's uh turn to first Corinthians. First Corinthians chapter 13. First Corinthians chapter 13. Don't look for First Corinthians in the Old Testament. If you are there, you can say amen. Let's pray before we read. Our most precious heavenly father, the prophet said one time that the greatest privilege for a mortal human being is to close his eyes and open his heart to commune with the father. And that's what we are what we are doing this morning. As we close our eyes, we want to open our hearts not just to receive anything but to receive your word. Amen. For that's why we are here. Blessed Savior, now we come as hungry children and you said, "Ask and it shall be given. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto thee. We are knocking at your door because you said you at the door to the sheepfold. Heavenly Father, would you honor the desires and the the the hungering of your children so that you come take me out of the way and feed your children. There is nothing I can give them myself. Father, there is what I've done as a human being according to my efforts. But Lord Jesus Christ, my efforts will not do anything. I depend on you. May you come down now, heavenly father, in your own way. Lord, speak to each one of us. Father, may you start with me, heavenly father. As you walk in our meetings, may you touch every soul. Father, Lord Jesus, so that when we come to the end of the service, may each one of say, "Surely God has spoken to my heart." Grant it, dear heavenly father, even now the reading of the scripture. May you pray the breath of life upon it, Lord Jesus Christ, so that Lord, we may be able to get the understanding of that scripture as it is today. Grant it dear heavenly father is our prayer for it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray first Corinthians chapter 13 you will start from verse 9 for we know in part and we prophesy in part but when that which is perfect is come then that which is in part shall be done away when I was a child I spake as a child I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a class darkly. But then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abideth faith, hope, charity. these three, but the greatest of these is charity. May God bless the reading of the word. You can have your seats. Amen. I love this church, pastor. I love you. Here is the only place I preach my heart out. Amen. So uh this morning by the way I didn't finish the other subject we were we were having but I will connect it somehow. But uh this morning I want us to look at perfection and uh we are talking about crossing children into perfection. Yes. Now we are in a time of crossing Jordan. Amen. Now that day that day this scripture is fulfilled in our in our eyes because the perfect one has come. Amen. Amen. Amen. Paul wanted to enter this land of perfection. Yes, sir. That's what we have read. Paul wanted to enter this land of perfection. But he says he knew in part. He could see darkly. But he said when the perfect one comes. Now when was this perfect one to come? Hello. When was this perfect one to come? This scripture can't just remain open like that. A time has to come where somebody can say this day this scripture is fulfilled. Amen. Now the children of Israel, they left Egypt to go to Cana. Now God could not take unbelievers from Egypt and take them to the land of another unbelievers. That's right. If he had to do away with the Canonites so that he could bring in a new people, then these people must be different. Oh, God help us. Then these people might be different. Must be different. He cannot take out nonbelievers and bring in nonbelievers. That's right. May God help me to know where I am now. An entrance has been ministered unto us to enter this land. Amen. Oh, brother Andrew, thank you for that song. There is a land. There is a land. Now this morning we want to talk about that land and if time will not allow we will we will see how we what happens now when you are inside that land but for today let's talk about crossing over Lord now we are predestinated to enter into that land those who entered When they started the journey, oh, they were rejoicing. They were thanking God. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. We thank God for the miracles. That was fine. But miracles never took them to the promised land. They had miracles. They ate the angels food. But that one never took them to the promised land. Now by grace and mercy the pride is crossing Jordan now the children of o of Israel going into the promised land. It was a short distance very short and the biggest problem was to know the direction where you are going. By knowing the direction where you are going, then you lean unto your own understanding. You forget about following the leader the guide. So it was a short distance. But why it took them 40 years? Yes sir. One the prophet says God was testing them to know what was in their hearts. God was trying to make sure that all unbelievers are gone out. Because this land was for believers. Lord help me. Let me be a believer. This land was for believers. So God only wanted the believers to enter into that promised land. That generation that did not believe, God could not allow them to enter. That's right. God help me to be a believer. Now they when then they came at Kadesh Paneer where a decision was to be made. Either you are going in or you remain behind. A decision has to be made. Now at Kadesh Bane they behold Jordan. They saw a cross. The land is there. On Jordan sto I stand and cast a wishful No, it's no time to cast a wishful eye. Wh why should I just sit on this other side and you look at it and say, "Oh, it's a beautiful land." Let's cross and enter that land. Why? Because a cross children is perfection. Hallelujah. We can summarize there and go. Across children is perfection. Is a perfect land. They had the promise but what they needed was to believe the promise. The promise is there. Now yours is to believe the promise. Once you once you believe the promise then you follow the leader. Please give me slide number two. Paragraph 144. But Joshua said it was 40 years before we took the land. He didn't say when we would take the land. But he said he let that old generation die off them unbelievers and raised up another generation. Amen. that believed. He didn't say when they would take the land, but he said they would take the land and we took it. The promise was to take the land. Amen. All right. Oh my goodness. Okay, let's move on. Now it it has reached at a time when people are disbelieving the message. Why? It is very easy to disbelieve the message. One, if you don't know the promise. Please help me. If you don't know the promise, anything that comes your way, you grab it and you don't leave the message but the message leaves you. If you get stagnated, then what happens? The message leaves you. Why? God turns a corner and once he turns a corner you remain there. You will remain in the building. You will remain in restore restore water assembly or fellowship but you are not moving. But God wants us to move. Where are we going? We are looking at the promise. Now what is the promise? Amen. Let's look at the promise now. Slide number three. Okay. Paragraph 57. It was about 3:00 in the morning. I suppose I had gotten up and I looked where? in front of me and I was coming down to the Jordan. Looked like I was standing on the map of Palestine and I was coming down to the Jordan and I and seemed like I could hear the song I am going down to the Jordan. Someone was singing it. And as I drew near the river, I looked back and I seen which way I had come. And I was 2/3 of the way there to the Jordan. And I looked across Jordan and I said, "Oh, praise God. Just on the other side is where all the promises lay. Every promise lays in the promised land." The prophet is saying he had come two. Are you following saints? Amen. Amen. He had come two/3s of the journey. So where is the promise? Is the other third you have to complete it. Now two of the ministry the first the first first one was the first pool which was the healing ministry. Amen. The second one was discernment. And we like them. We enjoy them. Yeah. We enjoy healing. Yes. We enjoy discernment. Oh, brother, what has the prophet said about me? We want discernments. Which is good. Amen. But now the prophet is saying when he looked he had just come two of the journey. Now what was the remaining a third? The remaining a third was the third pool. The opening of the word. I don't know if you are seeing it. Yeah, we are looking at the promise. Now, here the prophet looked and he saw he had just come two of the journey. He had just covered healing. He had just covered discernments. Now there remainth the third part of the journey. Amen. Now what was the other part? The other part of the journey is the third pool. Now what is the third pool? Is the opening of the word which is the entrance to the glorious land. [Music] So what happens once you receive the word the opening of the word when you receive it it keeps an hindrance to enter into that glorious land. Yes Lord. So where are we? Hello saints where are we as we shall see the time for churchity is gone the time to play the church is gone yeah the church you wake up and say let me just go and see what what the pastor has to say this morning is not the pastor it is now time let us cross over and enter into that glorious land where all the promises lay. Hallelujah. Oh, it is a literal land. It's a spiritual land and is a land of rest. Paul desired that land but he could not see it. But when brother Pranam looked, he saw perfection. He saw the promises inside that land. If I go ahead of my sermon, inside that land, that land of perfection, the prophet says it is as though you never sinned in the first place. You are perfect. Hallelujah. That is inside. Yes. Yes. inside. God does not see your sins. Let me put it this way. I'm quoting the prophet. The prophet says, "Inside that land, all your sins of the past, all your sins of the present, and all your sins of the future, they have been atoned for." [Music] Does that give you a guarantee to sin? No. That's another level where we want to reach. Yes. So that once you are inside there, you can sing Amazing Grace. Hallelujah. And when you sing Amazing Grace, you have no time. You have no room to sin. Oh my. Amen. Still slide number three, the second one, the anointed ones at the end time. Notice the very day when this messenger not when he starts on but when he begins to declare his message not when he starts but when he begins to declare the message so what is the message it's there read it for yourself That's right. Not when he starts, but when he begins to declare the message. What is this message that is being declared? It is an hindrance to usher you into the promised land where all the promises lay. Hallelujah. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. Can we claim it? Can we claim it? Can we say every promise is mine? Brother, can you say every promise is That's what we need. We come to a point where now we claim our promises. said, "Give me my mountain. Give me my mountain." He was claiming the promise. Give me my mountain. Healing is my mountain. You promised it. Give me. Deliverance is my mountain. Give it to me. It is the promise you promised. I need it now. I want to be delivered. Amen. Amen. The first pool was healing. Second pool was prophesying. Third pool, the opening of the word, the mysteries revealed. No more there is no no more higher order to reveal the word than prophets. Amen. Amen. Okay. Slide number four. What a day. What a day. What a time that we are living. This great mystery of God being finished bringing into the courthead showing what it is. how this little isims and went off and met him this and somebody met him this and somebody made him that. But the angel of the Lord come down and brought up all the their isims and pulled out that truth out of it and presented it. Have you received it? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. When he pulled that truth, took away all the isims. These ones, they run this way, they run that way. But he pulls them and puts them and presents it to who? To the bride. For what purpose? So that the pride can unite with the pride. Hallelujah. Lord God help us. Lord now slide number five. We see the nations uniting. We see the world uniting. We see the churches uniting. We see the bride uniting. Uniting with the word. Why? The word is God. And as the word as the bridegroom being the word and the bride being the hearer of the word. How many hearers of the word are here? The bridegroom is the word. The bride is the hearer of the word. Amen. Now the pride is uniting with a one. Lord, oh they come together in a union. They unite like a wedding. They are getting ready for a wedding. They become one. The word becomes you. You become the what. Jesus said at that day you will know. Amen. that in that day you will know that I am in the father, father in me, I in you and you in me. What a day. What day? Hello. Are we following? Which day? So can we say this day this scripture is fulfilled? Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, pastor, you met us to sing he lives and we are happy to sing he lives because we are seeing it on the screen. But can you prove that he lives in you? Hello. I will go very slowly. I I I want this one to sink because it is later than we think. Yes Lord. Yeah. We can see nations are uniting. Yes. The churches are uniting. Yeah. But the bride is also uniting. Uniting with what? Uniting with the word. Now as they unite with the word, you become the word. So once you become the word then you can say I've crossed Jordan I've crossed Jordan why I have united with the word so now when somebody sees you the person does not see a human being but should see the word. I'm privileged this morning to be addressing the the word. Yeah. You take it, you eat it, you become that word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lord, create in me more hunger and thirst for the word. Create in me more hunger and thirst for the word. Eat it. Wake up eating the word. Hallelujah. Stay eating the word. Hallelujah. Until you become that word. Hallelujah. Then we can say the union has taken place. Amen. Slide number six. But since the opening of those seven seals of them angels that just behind the mountain yonder, this has become a new book. It is the thing that has been hit being revealed as God promised in Revelation 10. He would do it. And we are the privileged people that God has chosen of the earth that we might see and understand these things. That's right. Seeing is one thing. Yeah. We have had people say you you you talk to somebody do you see it? Yes, I see. What does that mean? I now understand what you are talking about. Yeah. So now the prophet is so is saying until you come to a point where you see and understand. How can you prove that you have understood it? Now it becomes your life. It becomes your life. Amen. God help us. Now we need to cross we what we need in order to cross Jordan. Yeah. We need a prophet. We need a Joshua. Yes. We need a pillar of fire by night and a cloud by day. Yeah. So that you don't stop by giving an excuse. That is darkness. I cannot walk. Hello. Do you see? You need the pillar of fire. Amen. By night and a cloud by day so that you keep going. Don't stop. Keep going. Brother, sister, let's keep on going. Let's move on. Amen. The movie is on. Don't stop. Let's move on. Yes, Lord. Let's move on. Help somebody. Hold somebody. Hold somebody in prayer. Lord, pray for that person. Amen. Then we need a guide, the Holy Spirit. But when people reach Jordan, they start trembling. How? Because when the spice went out of 10, eight gave a false report. I just want that one to sink fast. They went 10 8 they gave a false report. What was the false false report? Yeah, it is true. The land is there but it has the owners and it made people's heart that we have giants. Yeah. Now if they are giants how are we going to do it? then I would rather stay here. But what was the promise? A cross. Yes, Lord. Where? What is a cross? Every promise raised in that. Now, God wanted these people, the children of Israel, to go to a place they could call theirs. Amen. a place they could call theirs. If you are in a foreign place, you don't feel comfortable. Even when somebody coughs, you say they are talking about me. Yeah. But when you are in a place that is called yours, Yeah. Yes. Oh my. The Bible says every footprint is your possession. Yeah. Can we walk around? Yeah. And see our possession. Oh, this is mine. Healing is mine. Deliverance is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Peace is mine. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. This is mine. You can claim it. Oh my. I love it. Amen. Now you need a guide. You can't make it on your own in this journey. You can't make it on your own. You need a guide. Yes, Lord. What is the kind? The prophet says, uh, a guide. And the Holy Spirit always speaks of the word. I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now. But when he comes, he will guide you to it. That is the reason the coming of the seals. You didn't get it. Hello. We said in this journey, you need a guide because you cannot make it on your own. Now, who is the guide? The prophet says, "I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now. But when he comes, he will kite you to eat. That is the reason the coming of the seals. At the finishing of the seventh seal, the mystery of God should be finished to know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. You are supposed to be way all the way up here by that time. see to bring us into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. A church that is washed in the blood of Christ that has been bought without money is paid for by the blood of Jesus Christ. We are supposed to be way up here. Help us, Lord. Where are we? Where are we? Yeah. Are we going to be the two Joshua and Khal or we are going to be the eight? Your life can give a false report. Yeah. Can you preach with me? Yeah. Your life can give a false report by saying that okay the lad is there but we have giants. Can we be the two? Hallelujah. Say we are looking at the promise. The promise is the land is ours. The land is ours. That is the promise. Amen. So no matter the circumstances. The land is the land is ours. May God take away the spiritual ammunition. May God just take away the spiritual amnesia from me so that I can come to a point to claim my promises. Amen. God help us. Oh my. Paragraph 36. The prophet says that is in slite number seven. This guide knows the way. He knows every inch of the way. He knows every thought that is in your heart. He knows everybody that is here. He knows all about you. He's God's guide, the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. And will reveal these things to you and will tell you things that he's he will tell you things that he has heard. Can repeat your words right back and say what you said. Amen. Yes, Lord. You can't do without a guide. What is the guide? The Holy Spirit. He knows the way. He can fight for you. Hallelujah. He can guide you. He knows your thoughts. He knows your imaginations. He knows all your failures. And he makes a way for you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. He provides even what what you don't know that you need. Jesus. Praise the Lord. He knows the way. He knows you. He knows you by your name. God give us a kite to lead us to cross Jordan the coming of the seals. Don't you ever take a substitute. Don't Don't take a substitute. Sometimes Substitute sometimes can be good. Let me just take this. Now if you have been promised the real thing, why should you take a substitute? Amen. Yeah. I I I like some people are saying okay even in medical field I say generics and brand. Yeah. Then they put the two of them there generic and the brand. Then he said okay I'll just take the generic one. If it is on on the account of the price, fine. But if it has been paid for, why should you take the substitute? Take the brand. And we have been promised the brand. Let's take the brand. May I go by the brand name? Oh my. Amen. Jordan was a point of separation and across Jordan only the predestinated were to end there to end there. Only the predestinated. Why? Because they had a representation. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Yes, Lord. The prophet says the woman at the well, she had a representation. So when she met with Jesus and he discerned her, she said, "You must be the Messiah." Now here comes the priests. Yeah. They are also discerned and they say, "You are being set up." Why? Because they didn't have the representation. Now what is our representation? It is your representation that makes you say amen to the word. It is your representation that gives you an assurance that you are bound for the promised land. It is your representation. You are hearing from your representation. Glory. Your representation. What is your representation? You are theophony. Amen. It is your representation. Yes, Lord. God help us. May God open my eyes. Yeah. Hallelujah. And my heart. Glory. Yes. To hear from my representation. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now when Jesus came on earth they reached at the cross at Kadesh Paneera where a decision was to be made either to cross into the land of grace or to remain in the law. I'll leave that one to sink first. He brought the dispensation of grace but people loved the law. We believe the law of Moses. Yeah. So they rejected grace, cru crucified grace because of the law. Yeah. And it can also happen with us. Yeah. We come to a point where we reject the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Yeah. I me just remain here. God have mercy on us. Now we have also stood before Jordan. Either we cross over or we remain. Remember about the two/3s and the other a third. Yes. The two is healing ministry and prophesying or discernment. We can reach there and refuse to move and remain there. But the promise is let us go over where all things are possible. Where you speak the word and God packs it. Amen. The speaking condition, the third pool. Lord, so the promise is the third pool. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Lord, God help us. So the question is will you be one of the two Joshua and Kip or among the eight? Hello. You're quiet. We need to answer. Will you Will you be the two Joshua and the eight? Yeah. Joshua and they looked at the promise. Amen. The promise was Ghana. God had met the promise. So they looked at the promise. Hallelujah. Oh my God help us. Now when the prophet declared the message of the present stage of my ministry. Yeah. That's when he was rejected. Now when he was rejected that is when the word came into effect. Just like Jesus Christ or the sacrifice of the lamb, it was okay until that day when Jesus was crucified. When the word was crucified, then all the other substitutes they became they were rendered useless. Why? The ministry had changed. grace had stepped in. Hello. Now when denominations rejected the word, hello. When denominations rejected the word, then that's when the word took effect. And the word that took effect, that is now our promise. Amen. Once you enter into that word inside there is perfection. outside that that word you have rejected your atonement. Let me enter inside. Let me enter inside. Let me cross over. L. Let me not just stand on the banks of Jordan and just cast a wishful eye. Oh, this is good. It does not help you. Yeah, it does not help you possess it. And that's what we have been called for to possess it. Claim it. I want my mountain. Give me my mountain. Healing is my mountain. Deliverance is my mountain. Joy is my mountain. I want my mountain. Give me my mountain this morning as I'm seated here. Give Lord give me my mountain. I want my portion. I want the portion of my inheritance. Amen. I wish we can come to that point. Amen. Then it will be different. We will be different. The work for the pastor will be easier. I'm not advocating for you but I'm saying if you enter inside if we all enter inside there you take your position we will not even need a deacon to show you where to sit [Laughter] because you have taken your position in the promised land oh My in the message indictment. Oh my. I that should be slide number eight. Now and Christ is God's provided lamp. Notice how appropriate it was now showing that that Jerusalem was ceasing when it was in effect until that hour. The plot of lamp was all right until that day. But now at the crucifixion it changes. The old system is done. Yes sir. Yeah. So we need to differentiate the old system and the new system. Yes Lord. Lord the new system is opening of the word. Hallelujah. When the word was opened, the prophet says the Bible became a new book. Amen. Oh God be blessed for seeing this wonderful heavenly light in this last day because the churches is doing the same thing today until the hour that organization religion is condemned and proved to be sacrifying sacrificing Christ's word from then on comes the word and the word only hallelujah When you accept this word fully, you have closed your Lord. God help us. God help us. Lord, are we tired? Yeah. Are we tired? Pastor, can I close there? Oh my goodness. God help us. God help us. Yeah. Okay. When you accept this word fully, when you accept it fully and the prophet says full obedience to the whole world entitles you to the talking full obedience not just obedience. Yeah. We can just be coming here because we are obedient. But it's not just being obedient is full obedience. God help me. Help us Lord. Help us. Children is a separation is a crossing point where a decision is a decision point where you die to yourself. Your old husband is dead and parried. Amen. Know that you are keeping him somewhere. He's dead. and I like that song where which says he died to make men holy. Let us die to make men free. If I can die, I will set people free. Yeah. I might be holding people. God help me. Let me die. That's not what you need. Yeah. If we can take time. Yeah. You can make an altar even where you are. Yes. And say, Lord, I don't want to leave this place at a Yeah. Let me die to my thoughts. Let me die to my imaginations. Amen. Help me father. Let me die so that people can see Christ. Let me die so that people can see Christ. Help us. Across children is where the fullness of Godhead dwells. No, you didn't see it. Yeah, don't look for it in the notes in the course is Yeah, we we will come to it. We are going to come to it. Every statement I must have a quote to support it. Okay. So, a cross children is where the fullness of Godhead blys. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Yeah. In him dwelt the fullness of the codhead body. Amen. Yes, sir. Hello. In him dwelt the fullness of the codhead bodily. Now let's come closer home. Jesus was born by Mary and for 30 years he was just a normal person. Yeah. He could just help Joseph in the carpenter. Oh, hold here. Oh, hold do this. Do this. He was just a normal person. But when he was baptized Yeah. And a voice spoke and said this. In whom I'm pleased. Can he say he's pleased to dwell in you? So in him the fullness of the court headquarter came. Yeah. Hello. God help us. Yeah. Then who are we? Are we Christlike? What was that that came into Jesus? Was John 1:1? Yeah. Let me talk allow me to talk about representation for the few minutes as I try to conclude. Yeah. Yeah. For those who are praying that I finish, God has has answered your prayer. So yeah. Now Jesus Christ said that before Abraham was I am but he was not yet born. Who was this that said before Abraham was I am it was the representation and it is that representation is that pillar of fire. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Allow me to expound on it. Amen. Yeah. Yes, sir. The one who said before Abraham was I am, it was not Jesus that was born by Mary. Amen. Yeah. Right. It was the Jesus that came on Mount Sunset and the picture was taken. Yeah. In our generation they say he took a selfie. He came to take a selfie with a pride. Yeah. That was now the John 1 one. Now what happens John the John chapter one verse14 the word now became flesh but today flesh is becoming the word so we can say today John 1:1 is in me that is what I've received that is the Jesus I have received that is the Jesus I don't want to identify with the Jesus the the body that was crucified, right? But that representation, yes. Amen. That was the word, that was the word that came in the Jesus of Nazareth. Amen. Then he could say, I and my father are one. When he said I and my father are one, they took STS. They wanted to beat him up. Then he asked them, "Of the good works that I have done, which one do you do you want to to beat me with four?" Then he said, they said, "Of the good works, we have no problem." Yeah. When we are hungry, we come to him. You mad. That is good work. By the way, we need it. Yeah. When we are sick, you heal us. Those are the good works. Yeah. If one of us dies, you resurrect. That is good works. But where you say you and your father you want to make yourself go that is where we differ with you. If today if let me say me if I can come to a point where I can say I and my father are one. I wonder how many believers here will be my friends. As long as we point to the Jesus of Nazareth, people have no problem because it is history. I always say history, everybody's a believer. We are all believers 100%. But when it comes to the present tense, That's why the prophet preached a sermon which he called lifting him out of history. If we can lift him out of history and make him yesterday, today, and forever the same. Oh my. Those who entered that land had their representation in that land before by predestination and for knowledge of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Sir, slide nine. Paragraph 311. Now you see what coming down to Jordan meant. We are down here. Now let's cross over now. Let's quit playing. Let's cross the other side now cuz it all belongs to us. It is all ours. Them visions has never failed. They can't fail because they come from God. I believe it with all that is within me. We are not the hering that will run back back into the wilderness into the wilderness. We will cross Jordan. the separation. God break to us the sins that's on the back of the book. Let us enter into this great place now. Yes, Lord. Amen. Help us, Lord Jesus. Let us enter. Amen. Oh yes. Talking about representation, the next paragraph 3 312. And if you notice those Hebrew mothers when they was in leper and gave path to those to those patriots, I will get on that one of these days, the Lord willing, and gave path to those patriots when she spoke in in when she spoke their name in labor, she also positionally placed them in their place in the kingdom. Talk about princess nation. Your position was spoke by the word. Hallelujah. So, you only need to say Lord, give me my portion. Lord, give me my portion. Hallelujah. If we can enter in now and claim our portions, will be different. But as long as we stand on the banks, oh, it's a good Lord. Yeah, it's a good Lord. Don't help us. Let us cross over. Are we ready? Oh my. Crossing children is not playing church. The headship and the revelation of the son of man belongs to us. It is the seals that ushers us into the promised land. Slide number 10 in the message. It's the rising of the sun. He is the one who opened those seals. He is those seals. For the whole word of God is Christ and Christ is the seals that was opened. What is the opening of the seals? Then revealing Christ. Amen. When the seals are opened, then Jordan is open. The door is opened and it's also your destination. Hallelujah. So you can enter in. Lord now start claiming your possession. Every footprint is your possession. Healing is mine. Joy is mine. Deliverance is mine. Oh, give me my mountain. Give me my mountain. Let me not leave this place until I receive my mountain. I want to claim my mountain. Lord, I'll remain here until I receive my mountain. Oh my. God help us. Okay, I read this. I'm looking at the clock. I don't want to keep you for so long. Still slide number 10. The prophet says notice like this when a baby is born there is three things that constitutes its birth. The first thing is normal birth. You adults listen close. Now the young children will never catch it. But let's see the first thing in a normal birth is water then blood then life. Now that is the same thing that constitutes the new birth. Water, blood and spirit. The elements that came from his body is what makes his body. No, you didn't get it. Yeah. The elements that came from his body is what makes his body. Yeah. It come from his body. Amen. Yeah. No, you are not catching it. [Laughter] The elements that came from him, they are the ones that makes his body. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. No, you are not getting it. Yeah. The elements that came from him, they are the ones that makes his body. What am I trying to say? Yeah. The elements that came from Jesus, the bridegroom, they are the ones that made the bride. [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh my glory to God. Christ has his pride taken from the body. And when Christ died, there was three elements that came from his body. Water, blood, and spirit. Justification through believing, believing, believing water, sanctification through the blood, then baptism of the Holy Spirit. Now this last great step must come into the perfection. Hallelujah. Oh my. The promised land is a land of perfection where the head and the body are united. When the union takes place, we can declare that we have reached perfection. [Music] Oh my gosh. Okay. Okay. Wish I had time to this song. We talk about the buland. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Bandandh. You can check the definition of the word pa land. Yeah, I was trying to get there different definitions but I landed on this one. Is a land of marriage between the headship of Jesus and the body, the bride making the two one. Yeah. God help us. Slide number 11. Heavenly Father, we come in the name of the rock. The rock is a weary land, the shelter in a time of storm. We pray, oh Lord God, that the rock will overshadow us with his power and mercy that every sick person in here may be healed today. May they speak to the rock. Amen. If you are sick, speak to the rock. If you need deliverance, speak to the rock. Whatever you need, speak to the rock. As you are seated there, you can speak to the to the rock. Oh Lord, there there are men and women sitting here suffering with cancer. Some of them blind, some crippled. Oh, the doctor says there is no hope for them. Then let them speak to the rock now. Oh, Moses without hope. There was in the wilderness where no water was, but they spoke to the rock. And the rock came forth a casher, and they all drank and they lived. Lord God, may we drink from that fountain today that never runs dry. Oh, in this biola land of salvation where we have been called out of Egypt's carics and ski stink pots into this great wonderful place where it is ba land where the rock lays eating angels food and drinking from the mountain that never runs dry. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, we can enter in and claim our promises. Amen. Oh my. Speak to the rock. If you are sick, speak to the rock. If the doctor says, "I can't do no more for you," then speak to the rock. If the church says, "If you shout in my church, I will turn you out," then speak to the rock. If the denomination wants to excommunicate you, speak to the rock. Amen. When death comes stealing in your room, speak to the rock. He will make a way and divide the waters of Jordan as he did for them. And you will walk over on dry land. Speak to the rock. Oh, you know what I think, friends? I think that's here where this is in Exodus 13:21. The Lord went before them by day, by day in a pillar of cloud, and by night in a pillar of fire. He's leading us today. Amen. He's leading us today. Lord, where to cross into perfection? Where all things are possible. Amen. And with a reverend sincere heart, I believe that thus the same angel of God that led Israel out of Egypt to the promised land in the natural is leading us to the promised land today. And that angel is here. Amen. Oh, for in my father's house are many merions. I will go and prepare a place for you. And I believe the angel of the Lord is leading the church today. And it's the same Holy Spirit. And anyone knows the angel of the covenant was Christ. Amen. I might be counted in with you. But the angel of the Lord is not just to me. It is to all of you. The angel of the Lord is here. Amen. Amen. We can speak to him. You can speak to him. I can speak to him. I can speak to him. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the Lord praise offering this morning. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for the word that has been brought to us. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. It is evening time. That's what we'll say. It's evening time. It's later than you think. We've got to move on with God. Can you say amen? We can't just stand and look across Jordan say, "Oh, what a mighty, wonderful land it is." What if we don't cross over? We won't make it. We got to keep moving on. Amen. Let's sing that together. It's [Music] the bride is preparing now for the Lord to meet. All things are ready now. The bridegroom are here. and that heaven to the evening time is here. Amen. Let's just pray together. Lord Jesus, this morning we're so grateful, oh Lord, for the third pull message. Lord, we want to enter into that word of God and become part of that word. Lord, if we're not already there, Lord, we need to enter in. Lord, we have to change. Lord, there the move is on, Lord Jesus. And we pray, oh God, that everyone here this morning may move on with Jesus Christ, to enter into that land across the Jordan River. Oh Lord, because the land is a good land, but Lord, we need to enter in and claim every promise of God. Lord, that every sickness would be healed, Lord, that deliverance would be ours, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing that that song. The move is on. And if you feel like that you need to move on, let's move on with God. Let's not stand stationary. Move on. Amen. The move is on. My Lord, the move is on. [Music] My Lord, the move is on. The move is on. My Lord, the move is on. I can hear the rustle in the Malberry tree. And I know, I know, I know the move is on. Oh, move on, brother. Move on, sister. Oh, this is the moving day. Move a little closer. Yes, Lord. Move on, brother. Move on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. Where the move is on. I can hear the rustle in the M retreat. I know I know I know the move is on. I move on, brother. Oh, move on, brother. Move on, sister. The moving day. I'll move a little closer. where the streams are. Move on, brother. Hallelujah. Can you praise the Lord with me this morning? Can you raise your hand? Say, Lord, I'm willing to move on with you, Lord. Lord, we need to get into that land, Lord. We got to make it, Lord. We thank you this morning, oh God, for the word of God that has been delivered to us. We thank you for our brother Gilbert. Lord, bless him richly. Bless him and his wife richly, Lord Jesus. Praise your wonderful name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We have a prayer request here this morning. Amen. Pray for brother Gabriel. They are not feeling well. All in all in the all the family. Well, we're moving on. We're claiming the promise of God. Give me my mountain, Lord. Give me my mountain. We're going to pray for our brother Gabriel and the family that the Lord might give them a full recovery. Father in heaven this morning. You see our brother, Lord, he wanted to be in service this morning to hear our brother preach the word. You see his family, they're all sick, Lord. But Lord Jesus, we have a promise. And that promise is true. unfailing promise of God. Lord Jesus, we pray for the healing of our brother and our sister and the whole family, the children. Deliver them. Bring deliverance to them, Lord. And whoever is sick here this morning. Bring deliverance to them, Lord Jesus. We remember our brother Dan. We're so happy to that he's here with us. Lord God, you are the healer of our body. Do you see my dear wife also Anita, Lord Jesus? Oh God, you see me. Lord God, you see every one of us. We have needs. We all have needs. We're a needy people. We need a refilling of the Holy Spirit. Lord, help us, Lord Jesus, to open our hearts wide to receive of you. Bless us as we ponder the word this afternoon. Lord, may we not forget it. May we think about it and ponder over it, Lord Jesus. Lord, we know out of your body came the word came the bride of Jesus Christ, the feminine part of yourself. Lord, we're so thankful that this morning. Praise your wonderful name, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord, for being so good. Thank you for answering our prayer. We believe it with all of my our hearts in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. I I just have one more request. Could I ask you, brother Phil, to sing that song again? Would that be okay? That was so sweet. Amen. I I just love the the spirit of it. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. And then we'll be closing the service. Pray for one another. Amen. And come come to the service. Doesn't matter who preaches. I I want Brother Moses maybe to speak next Sunday, but it doesn't matter whether I speak, Brother Moses or Brother Gilbert. We need to be in church. Can you say amen? Is that right, Brother Gilbert? Hallelujah. Praise God. How great are the things that are kind How great are you? How great is your love to the heaven? How great is the heart and resc How great are the things? How great are you Lord your loving kindness [Music] to the heaven. [Music] How great is the heart and how great are you heart. You want to sing with me. How great is your heart [Music] and how great are you Lord? How great is your mercy? [Music] How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you [Music] as singes [Music] [Music] to the heaven? How great is the heart [Music] and res. [Music] [Music] dismissed in Jesus name.
