################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 15 Gilbert Wamutete (Title) - Gilbert Wamutete.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 15 Gilbert Wamutete (Title)
Speaker: Gilbert Wamutete
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5NStgb1faI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Praise God. Grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. [Music] Amen. I welcome you all in uh today's service. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers uh and sisters. We appreciate you helping the fathers. Unlike what they say in the world, there are some now who proclaim to be both fathers and uh mothers. But uh we thank God we had a prophet who taught us that there is a father and there's a mother in a union. God bless you. I see we have some people uh some visitors and that I may not know. You're welcome. uh our pastor is not here today. I don't see him around. I'm not sure what's happening. Uh thank brother Andrew for give me giving me the opportunity to um worship the Lord with you this morning. Let's um start by uh singing peace of God cover me. Peace of God cover me. Peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me. Oh through the storm, cover me. Oh, only in you I am safe. [Music] Only in you I'm secure. [Music] Only you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm no strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God cover me. Oh cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Oh, it's only you I am saved. And only in you I'm secure. And only you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I am not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. I surrender all. [Music] Amen. I I surrender. [Music] Silent. [Music] Oh, I do. Oh, today my blessed Savior I surrender. Oh, let's sing the chorus again. Oh, I s Oh, I s [Music] Oh, to him my blessed Savior I surrender. Oh to Jesus I surrender. [Music] Lord to him my freaking and I will ever then trust in me in his presence daily. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. Oh. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. Oh. Oh. To thee my blessed savior I surrender all. Oh. Oh. To Jesus I surrender. How his feet I bow. Where the pleasure of s Take it. Take me Jesus. Take me now. Oh, I surrender. [Music] I surrender. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. Oh. Oh. Oh. To thee my blessed savior I surrender all. Oh to Jesus I surrender Lord. I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy hope of when power [Music] thy blessings fall. I surrender. I surren. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I sorry. Oh. Oh. To thee my blessed Savior. Surrender all. Oh. Oh, to Jesus I surrender. [Music] Now I feel the sacred. to all the joy of all food sal. Glory, glory to his. I surrender. I surrender all. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. Oh. [Music] Oh. To thee my bless. Said savior. I surrender. I surrender. I surren. Oh, make it your testimony this morning. Oh, I surrender. Oh, [Music] to thee my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Amen. Um, okay. I don't have any prayer requests, uh, written prayer requests here, but uh, yesterday it was, uh, Sister Esther's birthday. Oh, it's today. somebody yesterday. So, yeah, say happy birthday to Sister Esther. May the Lord continue to bless you. Um, I'll ask brother Abel to come and open this service in prayer. Thank you. I surrender. [Music] Oh to Jesus Christ my savior I surrender. Shall we go to the Lord in prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we before you this morning, to worship, to praise to hear from you, to listen to you, come down and have your own way, Jesus, this morning. As we come to your throne, I pray for the presence of you, Lord Jesus, that thou might descend, oh Lord, and cleanse us from all our sins, our iniquities, Lord. anything any hindrances on our way any obstacles hedges anything that the devil has plan against us that he has will not be successful this morning we crush them in the name of Jesus we pray for your mighty power to wash us from all iniquity and sins that we have committed past weeks Lord is by your presence Lord that we exist Lord Jesus As we see the days going and things folding up, as your word is coming to the light, Lord, we pray that you will strengthen us as your children. You call us, you open our eyes, you give them your revelation. We know you who you are and we know who we are. Lord, we pray for your presence, your power to to lead us, oh Lord Jesus, to break every yoke, to break every chain, anything hindrances in this world that you hinder us. Let's come against them in the name of Jesus that we may possess our posession. Oh Lord, Lord, we pray this morning. We command the pressure into your hand, Lord. Just come down and have what you have for your children this morning, Lord. Will you use his lips, Lord, and just speak your word, Lord? touch our hearts and break every every in any any chains, any hindrances. Oh Lord Jesus, make it open for us, oh Lord, this morning that we may obey your word and go by it, oh Lord, and do whatever is this for us to possess our possession, our kingdom to be kings and princes in your in your kingdom. We thank you Lord. If there is any sickness among us here, Lord, by your blood, oh Lord Jesus, which you shed on the cross of Calvary, we come against every sickness in the name of Jesus. Any power of darkness is anybody's life. In the name of Jesus, we crush them. We bind them in the you say whatever we bind on earth is bind in heaven. Lord, we possess every gate of the enemy this morning. Lord let your will be done in our life in our presence here we pray. Oh Lord Jesus Lord help the musicians and those who are on the keyboards Lord speak to them oh Lord lead them to Jesus what we have to do to praise you this morning Lord we thank you we worship you for all your provisions and all your all everything that you have done for us oh Lord we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's start with the chorus, brother. He brought me out of the mighty cl. He set my feet on the rock stand. He puts a song in my soul. Today a song of praise. Hallelujah. My heart was disgraced Jehovah's great and low in the beginning my senior. I cry to the Lord from the day my recla. Oh, he brought me out of them. I repl [Music] my feet on the road to set. He set my feet go to [Music] praise. Hallelujah. It is my boldness broke my side. My stitch and here I abide. No danger of holy while I remain by his grace until the ground. Oh, he brought me out of Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay in the song in my soul. Today a song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men his goodness I'll see. I'll sing for salvation. [Music] Woman brought your men shout to them. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty land. He set my feet on the rope to stay. He pulls a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll tell of the peace with the gloom and despair. I'll praise the dear father who answered mine. I'll sing my new song. The story of father in the chorus. Oh, he brought me out in I reclaim. He set my feet on the road to stay. He put a soul in my soul to a soul. Oh, praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh we may greet each other as we sit. I'll ask sister Kathy to come and give us a special this morning. [Music] Well, sister Katie is uh getting ready. We just uh briefly sing Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, you should been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you should been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you should been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. You shouldn't do to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You been good to me. You saved my when I was younger to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. [Music] In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am alone. For when I am alone. For when I am alone. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Applause] You can handle this world. Just give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am in prayer. Oh, when I am in prayer. Oh, when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this world. Just give me Jesus. [Music] And when I come to die, hope for when I come to die. And if I come to die, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Just give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Just give me Jesus. [Music] Sister Wendy has another special as well. Thank you. I'm wondering if Brother Zigg and Sister Nita can come and back me up on this song. It's an old song. Um, Until You've Known the Love of God. We can just do it imprompt. It's okay. I've got the course here. So, [Music] Exactly. Yeah. [Music] [Music] If you could own all the world and its money. build castles tall enough to reach the sky above. If you could know everything there was to know about life's game, then you know nothing. Until you've known the love of God. until you know his lo and right you down to fallen man you from out of sin where he has draw until you know just how it feels to know that God is really real. Then you know nothing until you know the love of God. [Music] If in your lifetime you could meet everybody and you could call every name from here to your but if you've not come face to face with Jesus have his saving grace, then you know nothing until you know the love of God. Until you know the loving hand that reaches down to fallen man and lifts him up from out of sin where he has until you know just how it feels to know that God is really real. Then you know nothing until you know the love of God. until you know the loving hand that reaches down from fallen man and lifts him up from out of sin where he has until you know just how it feels to know that God is really Then you know nothing until you know the love of God. No, you know nothing until you know the love of God. Hallelujah. Praise. Amen. Amen. I think I think Sister Wendy didn't say it the right way. I think they practiced. She said it's an impromptu, but that was so good. Let's give them again another hand of Trump. Thank Thank God for good old singing. Amen. Uh let's change the order of the service. We can uh you can stand with me. Um ask our brother S to come only believe. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only [Music] believe. Ally feeling all things are possible. Only believe. Praise God. Amen. You know, we can that's all we need to do is believe. Believe and receive. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And I want to welcome everyone to the service this morning. The visitors are in particular. And I've got my granddaughter here from Cloverdale Bible Way all the way from BC. Praise God. Why don't we just give her a welcome? Amen. I know she didn't expect that. Neither did I expect to sing this morning. Amen. But you know, I surprised Sister Wendy and asked her if she would favor us with a song. Amen. And it was she always does a wonderful job, doesn't it? We're so happy. We're so blessed. You know, we're really blessed. Amen. Praise God for Brother Blaine and Sister Wendy that they're with us. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, I want to take this opportunity also, you know, it's a great day today. You know why? Well, it there's it's Father's Day. Amen. How many fathers do we have here this morning? Amen. God bless you fathers. Amen. If it wasn't for the fathers, we wouldn't be here. Amen. But we need mothers, too, don't we? But today, we want to honor the fathers. Amen. Praise the go the Lord. And brother Moses, your pastor, he sends greetings all the way from Grand Prairie. He said, "Make sure, brother Andrew, and or brother Zigg to greet the church." And I I think he misses us. Isn't that good? We want him to miss us. Amen. Hallelujah. Because he can preach better then. You know, he preached a wonderful service last Wednesday. How many of us here? Amen. It was wonderful. You know, we all need more faith. And that means we need to listen more to what the prophet has to say. We have to obey more what the prophet has to say. I want to be more obedient. It applies to everyone, not only to the to the janitor, Sister Matabishi. It It applies to me, to Brother Ben, to every one of us. We have to be more listening, more obediently, more and be more sincere. Because if we're more sincere, we will get what we what not what we deserve. I was going to say what we deserve, but we don't deserve nothing. But you know what? his promise. We'll get all the promises of God. But most of all, I want to welcome our heavenly father, the father of all spirits. And we're all spirits here this morning. If you believe it or not, you're here in the flesh, but you're all a spirit. And he is our father. So this morning, I thought, you know, I just came to me. I I do things spontaneously. So I think we should honor our father who is in heaven. Can we all pray together? Let's say let's pray together. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever and ever. Amen. Amen. Now, we learned this in school, believe it or not. We don't we don't say that in in school no more, but you know, we and you know, I I forgot a couple of lines. Is that amazing? Amen. A preacher forgetting a couple lines of the Lord's Prayer isn't amazing. Amen. It's quite humorous. That's true. That's good, sister. You can laugh at me or laugh with me. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. And we're so happy to have brother Gilbert Vamateti with us. All the way from Calgary. Can you imagine Calgary? Amen. Amen. Our rival city. Amen. Well, they are our rival city, aren't they, brother? Amen. But not in the spirit. Not in the spiritual. Amen. May the Lord bless you this morning. And we're going to hear a message, I believe, on adoption. I'm announcing it for him. Amen. Amen. Adoption is not your, you know, it's not about the new birth. Now, you all have to be born again. It's about getting into our position. And that's is very, very important. All of us, we need to get in our position in the Lord. Hallelujah. That means we got some things to do. We have some inviting to do. We have we have some spreading this message to do. Who's going to spread the messages? the preachers. No, it's going to be the the sheep that is going to spread the message all over the place. Can you how many can say amen? So, let's get to work. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. So, I'm going to invite our brother, you know, I don't want to take take too much time. Brother Kilbert, just come. Just come now. Amen. What What chorus are you playing? Okay, brother. Heavenly Father, I am praising you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate him this morning. Open your heart wide. Amen. I love you. I adore you. I before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. No, you can do better than that. God bless you. Thank you, musician. Thank you, brother Joseph. I'm happy to be in my second home. Amen. I want to greet you all in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Uh I also bring you greetings from our little fellowship in Le Bridge. Amen. and also from my wife. She's she was attacked by the demon of high blood pressure on Friday and it it has been so severe on her and that's why she couldn't make it to come with me this morning. But by his stripes we are here. Amen. I'm so happy. that the songs that were sung this morning, the prayer that the prayer that was prayed and even the last one that was my theme. So we can say the sermon is already complete. So we just read a few the scriptures and a few quotes then uh we go home. Let's turn to our Bibles. Genesis chapter 1 Genesis chapter 1 we'll read verse 27 and 28 then chapter 5 verse 1 and verse Let's pray before we read. Our dear most blessed savior, our father who art in heaven, we want to invite your presence once again this morning. According to your word, you said where two or three will gather in your name. You promise to be in their midst. Here we are more than two. Now we pray Lord Jesus may you come Lord may thy kingdom come may you come and have preeeminence in our mid father oh dear Lord Jesus Christ one time your disciples asked thee that teach us how to pray not that they didn't know how to pray but they wanted to do exactly according to your will father Lord Jesus Christ and you answered their desire by showing them how to pray. Loving master, we pray this morning Lord Jesus that if there will be anything that would hinder your presence in our meetings, Father, we bring everything under the altar. We pray Lord Jesus Christ that you may wash us and cleanse us. Father, may you cleanse our minds. May you cleanse our lips, Father. Lord Jesus Christ, just take me out of the way. I don't want to be a hindrance for your children to receive what thou has prepared for them, Lord. Father, I pray as I commit this church in your hands, they have been so welcoming to us, Father, may you bless them in a special way, Lord. Any time they call unto thee, may you may you always come on the scene, Lord, and manifest yourself in their mitties. Oh, we bless your name. We worship you. We adore you, Father. Now as we go to read your word in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may you breathe the breath of life upon the scriptures that we are going to read. Lord, loving master, even as the prophet said, anybody who knows how to read can read and that anything we any any one of us can do, heavenly father, but now we want you to come and take control of the service. We commit it in your hands as we surrender ourselves to your will. For it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Genesis 1 verse 27 and 28. So, so God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him, male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fall of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Chapter 5, verse one and two. This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man in the likeness of God made he him. Male and female created he them and blessed them and called their name Adam. Amen. In the day when they were created. Amen. May God bless the reading of the word. You can have your seats. Amen. Now, we've been talking about adoption and uh it's a very wide subject and that doesn't mean that I I'm asking to come back. But uh this morning we'll see how far God will lead us. Now the Bible starts in Genesis with marriage. That's true. And it concludes in Revelation with marriage. In between here are the stories of love. Hello So in the beginning it starts with marriage. In the beginning it concludes with marriage. The marriage of the lamb has come. Amen. Now we are going for the marriage supper. Amen. So for those who will go for the marriage supper are the ones who have been invited. So I want to invite you this morning to join me as we talk about the story of love in between here. Now in the message of Christ is the mystery of God revealed. The prophet says that God had threefold purposes. One, he wanted to reveal himself. Amen. That one he did in the body of Jesus Christ. Two, he wanted to have preeeminence in the body of believers. Once he achieves that, then he resto. Now that restoration there is a doctrine that we we are being restored back to Pentecost. That is true. But restoration has two parts. One restoration back to Pentecost. Then the second restoration is the restoration back to Eden. Amen. Where where the scripture that we have read, let's read it. Genesis 1:28. Oh my goodness. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fall of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." That is 26. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Amen. Amen. Here was Adam. But in him, hello. In him there was male and female in Adam. So Eve was in Adam. Yes. Hello. Amen. Then verse 28, it says, "And God blessed them, and God said unto them, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion." Oh my God. Amen. Be fruitful. Who? It was only Adam. Hello. How was he to be fruitful and multiply? So in him there was Evemen. So our restoration is to be restored back. Amen. Amen. Into him. Hello. Amen. So that God and the bride becomes one. Amen. We can finish there and go home. So our restoration is to be restored back to him. Now when Eve was in Adam, oh my goodness, thank you brother Joseph. No danger of falling while here I remain. When you get inside there, there is no danger of falling. Amen. While inside there, so as long as if if could have remained inside there, there was no danger of falling. But when he was separated, then it opened a channel for the fall. So anytime as long as if is not in Adam, there is a danger of falling. Hello. Can we get to a point where we can say there is no danger of falling? Yes. Amen. The answer is found in Ephesians. Okay. Chapter one. Oh my goodness. I am just enjoying myself with this subject. Hallelujah. Oh my. Ephesians chapter 1 verse 10. Okay, let's start from verse 9. having made known unto us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ. Hallelujah. So the gathering is going on now in the dispensation of the fullness of time. Now when we talk about the dispensation is not a specific time that at exactly 10 you must be on the pullpit. No it is a it is a continuous season. So in the dispensation of the fullness of time we are living in the fullness of time. Now in the fullness of time the gathering is going on now. Amen. In who? in Christ. So that gathering in Christ is what we what we are calling being restored back. Amen. Into the second Adam Oh my. Amen. God bless you saints. Oh my Now in the message five definite identifications of the true church of the living God paragraph 66. If you are a Christian you are born again creature. You are in a mystic kingdom of God. Your eyes are not on things of this world but on things above. That is when you are in the church. No, you didn't get it. When you are born again, so the condition is you must be born again. Now, how are you born again? Then you must be born by the word to be the word. Amen. Amen. Hello. Amen. You must be born by the word to be the word. Now, what is God's chosen place of worship? It is in the Holy Spirit. Amen. And that's why in that mortal prayer, Jesus said, "Let thy kingdom come." And the kingdom of God is the Holy Spirit. So having you must be born again. You must have the Holy Spirit. Oh my. Yes. I quoted here sometimes back where the prophet says the reason you are hungering and thirsting for the Holy Spirit is because he made a provision. He ordained you for for he orained for you to have it. Those who are not ordained to have it, they don't even bother. Amen. They can stay in the church fulfilling religious duties. Sorry, you you will bear with me. Yeah. But those who are ordained, you will hunger and thirst, you must have it. Amen. Why? Because we will okay we'll come to it. By one spirit we are baptized into that body. Amen. Amen. So it is the Holy Spirit baptizing you into the body which is the Holy Spirit. Then inside there you find your position. Amen. That's right. Now once you find your position then you can sing as long as I'm there is no danger of falling. Why? Now you know who you are. Oh my. Okay. They're talking paragraph 178 here friends. If you ever was healed or if you ever was healed, if you live long enough, you are going to get sick again. But if you are one time take that token, you will you will have had it forever. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption, not to the next revival. You wasn't sealed. You got emotionally worked up. Hello. Now, we just don't want to be emotionally worked up. We want to be sealed inside. Once you are sealed inside, then you take your position. Oh, okay. Inside there you are in his fullness. In him is all the fullness of God. All the fullness of the promise. Now what is our promise? Hebrews 11. Let's go there. Hebrews 11:39. All this it's all about the heroes of faith. Yeah, you can imagine all the heroes of faith. But verse 39 says, all these having obtained a good report through faith received not the promise. Amen. You mean Abraham never received the promise or the prophets? Yes. Then what was the promise? Verse 40. God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. So Abraham without you. Oh my. Can we believe that? Why are you doubting what God has made you? Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Okay, listen. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Paragraph 240. The new path is Christ is a revelation. God has revealed to you this great mystery and that is a new path. Now what are you going to do when you get all that group together where the revelation is perfectly in harmony? God expressing it through his word, by the same actions, the same things that he did, making the word manifest. Oh, if the church only knew its position, it will one day, then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. Amen. Oh, if the church only knew its position, what is that position? It is your position in the body of Jesus Christ. And that body of Jesus Christ, it is a mystical body. How do you get into that body? By one spirit, we are baptized into that body. that mystical body. Allow me to say this. You can be in this church and you are not in that body. Yeah. So we are not just talking about membership no we are talking about those who are in the mystical body and they have found their place and they are at rest. Yes. Amen. With the storms comes. Yes. Yeah. The dangers, the dolls and everything. Yes. But you know you are standing. You know where you are standing. You can sing. There is no danger of falling. Amen. Oh my. Okay. Amen. Okay. The mystery is in the evening time where God has purposed to take this woman back to her position in Christ Jesus. The woman being taken to her position is what we are calling adoption. The woman being taken back to her position. Okay. Once in her position, she will never fail. Okay. the revelation of God to take Eve to her position in Christ. Put that great mystery in the woman and once she catches it. Yeah. How is she to be taken back? Please just allow me. Today I will go very slowly. Yeah. I just want to be a Sunday school teacher so that even my pastor can can follow it. Yeah, we are taking we are saying the the woman being taken back to her position. Who is this woman? The bride. Yeah. Now when the bride is taken back to her position, where is her position in the body of Jesus Christ? Okay. Now, how do we how can we put this woman back or how is she going to be put back? Put that great mystery. Yeah. Unto her. And once she catches that mystery. Yeah. The mystery of his will. Yeah. And that mystery of his will is the promise that was made that without this, without us, the heroes of faith could not be made perfect. So perfection is here. [Music] Oh my. Perfection is here. So put that great mystery in the woman and once she catches it, she goes back in her position. Then the rapture takes place. So who is holding the rapture is for the woman for that woman to catch the revelation that great mystery. Oh my. And the prophet says, "Hell is against this revelation." Yeah. Hell is against this revelation. Amen. I'll repeat it again. Hell is against this revelation. Why is hell against this revelation? Because once the woman catches that revelation and she's taken back into her position, the rapture takes place. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus Christ told Peter, let's let's read it. Matthew 16. Oh my. Please pray for me. I would like this one to sink so that we know our position. Amen. We stop being church members so that we know who we are. Oh yes. 16:16. And Peter and Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Verse 17. And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou Simon perjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven. And I say unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Hallelujah. Amen. The gates of hell shall not prevail. Now what are these gates of hell? Do you want to know? The gates of hell are denominations. Anything that hinders you from accessing heaven, that is hell. Amen. Amen. Yeah. So the gates of hell are denominations. And the prophet said you can be a oneman denomination. That's true. Yeah. So if you are a oneman denomination, know that that is the K of error. True. Yeah. Now this great revelation kids of hell cannot prevail against it. Hallelujah. Hell is against it. Against what? This great mystery revelation. Because once this woman catches that revelation God open my understanding. Amen. God, take away the spiritual mania. Open my eyes. I want to see these things. I want to see it clearly. Why? Because once the woman catches that revelation, Amen. Nothing can hold her here. So what is holding us today is to catch this revelation. It is it is this revelation. Once we catch this revelation, then we are restored back into Christ. Then Christ and the bride become one. God help us. Oh yes. Are we together saints? We need that revelation. Oh yes. The prophet says, "Why do you hunger, church? Why do you hunger?" It's because God wants to reveal this revelation to you. Amen. You are hungering because God wants to reveal to you this mystery. But we let so many things. Oh yes. There was a story about uh somebody who was saving some money to buy a house and uh after he saved some good money then he was involved in an accident and he was rushed to the hospital and uh he needed an operation and they they knew he had some money so they asked him can do we take your money so that we pay for the operation? He said no. He said I would rather die than for the money to be taken. Now the doctors asked him please dead bodies they don't stay in houses. Yeah. Dead bodies they don't stay in houses. So you need this operation. But he said no. What am I trying to say? The things we are holding on. We don't want to surrender. Hello. That money cannot be touched but it will save your life. Yeah. So why do you hung a church? It's because the father wants to reveal this great mystery to you. But we let so many things. Amen. What are these things? It can be your job. It can be your wife. It can be your husband. The prophet says it can even be a pastor who doesn't want to preach this great mystery so that your eyes of understanding can be opened. Amen. Yeah. So we read so many things to hinder us from accessing this great mystery and that's why hell is against it. God help us. Amen. Yeah. Why hell is against us? So that we continue staying around. Yeah. Just want to stay around. You are talking about the rapture and I just bought a new house. I've not even enjoyed it. Oh, you are talking about the rapture and yet I'm not yet married. No, I have to get married and enjoy enjoy life. Yeah, God help us. We just have to surrender. If this morning, thank you, brother Joseph. If this morning we can surrender, yeah, surrender that thing that you are holding on. Amen. If I can surrender it for God to have preeminence once he achieves that second purpose. Amen. Oh my. Allow me to say this. Hell is not against the first pool. Hell is not against the second pool. Hell is against the third pool. Amen. Where you catch the revelation, the word is revealed to you. Amen. Once the word is revealed to you, then what happens? You are restored back in your position. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Oh my. When the mystery is completely revealed, the headship is here. What is the coming of the headship? So that the head and the body can be joined together. Yes. Yeah. We will try to eat. Amen. Okay. Okay. The headship is here. I wasn't the one that appeared down on the river. I was only standing there when he appeared. Now, who appeared? Yes, sir. Christ. Amen. Why did he appear? We are identified by our faces. Yeah. If you chop off the head and hide this and hide this f this the face, nobody will know that this is Gilbert. Yeah. It was just some black pharaoh. Yeah. But once the head is put there, then you say, "Oh, I know this guy." Yeah. So, what are we saying? Hallelujah. Christ came down to take a selfie and the selfie was taken so that now we know he's here. We are not waiting for him. We know he's here. What is he doing? We are uniting with him. How do we unite with him? The more you eat the word, the more you become the word. So keep on eating the word. Keep on eating the word. Amen. Thank you Lord. Oh my God help us. But we are promised according to Revelation 10 and according to Malachi 4 and St. Luke 17. Oh, we can add other scriptures. St. John 14:20. Yeah. Zechariah 14. Oh yes. Hebrews 13:8, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. All these promises that we have been promised, we are at the end there. Amen. Oh yes. We can say these scriptures have been fulfilled in our eyes. Oh yes. What are they for? To bring us another Ephesians. Amen. Ephesians types the book of Joshua. Joshua took the children of Israel into the promised land. So our Ephesians is to put us positionally. Hello. Amen. Our Ephesians is to put us positionally in the body of Christ. Inside there we have blessings. All right. Let's read it. Ephesians 1. Oh my God help us. Okay. Verse three and four. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Blessed be the God and father who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings. We may rejoice because of the worldly blessings. That is fine. But we are talking about the spiritual blessings. Yeah. according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. He hath chosen us in him. I'm sorry. Okay. Now I wish this light could come on but um let's see now our Lord Jesus Christ is so full of quickening power. He was all of it together. He was so full of the quickening power. He said this, "You destroy this body and I will raise it up in three days." Talk about confidence in the quickening power. What is the quickening power? Is the revelation. Now in Romans the Bible says, "If that spirit that raised up Jesus Christ dwelleth in you, Amen. It will also quicken your motor. It will also quicken. So we need the same spirit. Yeah. We need the same spirit that was in Jesus. Oh my. The message a guide paragraph 35. And the Holy Spirit always speaks of the word. I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now. But when he comes, he will guide you to it. That's the reason the coming of the seals. No, you didn't get it. I expected a big Yeah. The Holy Spirit always speaks of the word. Amen. I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now. So without the Holy Spirit, you cannot understand anything. Yeah. But when he comes, he will guide you to it. That is the reason the coming of the seals at the finishing of the seventh seal. The mystery of God should be finished. Amen. To know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. You are supposed to be all the way up here by that time. See, bring us into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. Amen. A church that has been washed in the blood of Christ that has been bought without money is paid for by the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh my. We are supposed to be way up here now. Yes. But what is happening? Because hell is a chemist. Amen. This revelation. Hello. Amen. Why do you hung a church? God wants to reveal this revelation to you, this mystery to you. Amen. Why? Hell is against it. He will do all that he can. Hello. He will do all that he can. How? You can be seated here. Then he takes you a thousand miles away. You start working on a certain project. Yeah. Because he knows once you catch that revelation. Hello. What happens? The rapture will take place. God help us. Am I communicating pastor? Am I saying? Yeah. Hell is against this truth of the mystery. Why are you preaching the mysteries? Am I preaching the mysteries? I'm only preaching the seven seals. And that was the coming of the seven seals. Who came down? Christ. Amen. For what? He came as the head so that he can unite with the body for the body to become one. Amen. For the wife and the husband to become one. Amen. That's right. So the union is going on. The union is going on. Lord, help me. Help me. Let me get united. Let nothing hinder me. Let nothing hinder me. God have mercy on us. Amen. Okay. Adoption part three. Now the invisible union. The invisible union. That union is adoption where you get into your position. Hello. So the invisible union is going on. When the pride is married to her husband, then we say she has found her position in her husband. When she's married to her husband, this marriage is an invisible union. Hello. Am I communicating? The marriage is an invisible union. But we want things we can see. Yeah. And that is the biggest problem. We want things we can see. Okay. Fine. It's good. Yeah. We want to see you in the church. [Laughter] Yeah, the pastor will be happy to see you in the church. That is fine. But the invisible union. Yeah. Even if you are seated here, what matters is the invisible union. Amen. You get united with your husband. Amen. Once you get united, that is getting now into your position. Amen. The prophet says in heavenly places. Oh yeah, we are seated in heavenly places. Where are these heavenly places? The prophet says it is the believer's position in the body of Jesus Christ. The believers. Am I speaking to the believers? Amen. Am I speaking to the believers? Amen. Now the believer's position in the body of Jesus Christ once you get your position you will not even fight with your sister or your brother. Amen. Yeah. Hello. Why? Why fight? When Joshua was allotting the positions in the in the land of Canaan. Yeah. There was no fight. Yeah. You take your position. Your position is from here up to here. Or you your position is from here up to here. Take your position. Once you take your position, you have no time to fight your brother or sister. Amen. Amen. Hello. Amen. God help us. Okay. Now we are paragraph adoption part three paragraph 34. Now we are going to stop just a second on the adoption the fifth verse trying to get down as far as we possibly can on it. But now remember the theme is it is all together on blessing. How many understands that? Let's hear you say it with one word blessing. Congregation says blessing. the body of Jesus Christ positionally. Amen. So, can we say the blessing is going on? Positionally in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh my. And watch this master Paul. The first thing he does is knock out all the idea of falling away. Oh, today you are in, tomorrow you are out. Yeah. Hello. No, you look so dull. We can end there. Yeah. Am I communicating? Amen. Imagine Paul is knocking out the idea of falling. Thank you Lord. Now when we were singing that songh that no danger of falling we were singing at the topest part of our voices. But now here is the quote to support what you are singing. You keep quiet. Oh my goodness. Okay. Now knock out all the idea of ever being a Christian today and tomorrow. I'm gone and the next day God condemned me and the next day I am back again. That is nonsense. It's the prophet not me. This book is not addressed to evangelistic teaching, evangelist sermons. I don't touch this on the fields. I bring this to the church for Paul addressed it to the saints. How many saints are here? Amen. So, it's addressed to you. I bring this to the church. Paul addressed it to the saints. Those that are called and preserved and are filled and are set aside and are in the Holy Spirit already in canon. Amen. How many are in canon today? Amen. Oh my. Okay. He's trying to tell them the first thing, get it out of your mind that you are going to get lost and you are going to do this and you are going h you you are scared of this. Don't be scared of nothing for he's trying to tell you where you are at, who you are, and how you are standing. Oh my, I feel like shouting hallelujah. Amen. Yes. He's trying to tell you who you are, where you are, and how you are standing. How are you standing this morning? Now, you might do things that are wrong and every time you do anything wrong, you are going to get paid for it. Yes, sir. You will reap what you sow, but that has nothing to do with your salvation. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh my I I can I can do this. I can Yeah. If you do wrong, the prophet says you will pay for it. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Amen. Yeah. There was a brother I I I don't have time to read everything. Yeah. He said, "Ah, I'm tired. I'll start drinking." Yeah. How many knows the story? Yeah. So, he bought himself a case of beer. Yeah. To enjoy himself. What happened? Because he had the representation. Amen. Amen. Yeah. God could not allow him. So what happened? God had to take him away. That shows where you can be once you are inside there. Amen. And you have your representation. Yeah. God cannot allow his representation to get lost. Amen. Oh my God. Help us. Amen. Church, let us wake up. Let us know where we are now. We are going home. We are soon leaving this world. Where are we now? We are soon going home. So, who are you? I'm a child of God. I'm a child of God. Amen. Oh my. God help us. God help us. Oh yes. God can never lose you. If you are his Oh yes. What happened to the prodical son? He was always the child's father. Regardless of what he did, we say it here last time that when he came to himself, So all the things he was doing, he was not himself. So all the things you are doing is not is because you are not yourself. But when you come to yourself, who is yourself? You are representation. The charm of life. Amen. Thank you. The charm of life. Is your representation. Amen. Oh yes. Yes. When you come to yourself, Lord, open my eyes of understanding. Let me know who I am. Who I am, let me know who I am. Yes. This morning. Amen. Amen. That's the reason we are preaching this subject. For the church to know who she is, what happens once the church knows who she is. Yeah. The rapture takes place. Once the church knows who she is, the rapture takes place. So who is holding the rapture? God open my eyes. Oh my God help us. Church, let us wake up. The time for playing the church is over. Yeah. But hell is against this. Hell is against this. Why? Because hell knows once you catch that revelation. The prophet says, "What happens when you put together?" Yeah. Those people with their revelation who have caught the revelation, you put them together. If God can put us together, each one of us with a revelation of who you are, oh yes, God help us. May God help me. Amen. God help me. Start with me. Amen. Amen. Oh yes. Like that girl who was putting them in institution when the prophet went there. Yeah. And he started pray before he started praying this girl went to the prophet and said, "Can you start with me?" Yeah. I I wish we could get to that point. Lord, start with me. Amen. Yeah. Amen. Start with me. I I don't know about my neighbor. Yeah. Lord, start with me. It is me who needs you. It is me who needs that revelation. Lord, start with me. Open my eyes. I need you, Lord. I need you. Open my eyes. Oh my. Oh yes. So, as long as you are, as long as God has met you, I'm not talking to those outside of Christ. I'm talking to those that that are in. How do you get in Christ? By one spirit, capital S, which means by one Holy Spirit, we are all baptized into one body. Amen. How do we get in? By water baptism? No. Amen. How disagreeable am I with you Baptist and you church of Christ? Not by water baptism. By no means. 1 Corinthians 12 say, "By one spirit, Holy Spirit, are we brought into that body." Now, if the Holy Spirit is the one that baptizes you into that mystical body, how important it is. Oh, yeah. God help us. Amen. If it is that so important, how can we substitute it with something else? How how do we substitute it with something else with church membership? Oh, I belong to restored word fellowship. How does that help you? Amen. Yeah. We are talking about you are here and you are in the mystical body of Jesus Christ. Yeah. You have been baptized into that body. Now inside there there is no danger of falling. Oh my what an assurance. Can we get there? Can we friends? Can we? Can we? Oh, let me hear from you. Can we inside there? Not around there, but inside there. Oh yeah. Is where you now you can sing that song. There is no danger of falling. Amen. Oh my. Amen. How did he choose us before the foundation of the world? When his great hidden mystery, his great secret, he chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. That we should be holy and without blame before him in what? in love, having what predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself. Oh my, I said this in uh let's preach last Sunday. Sometimes if you are a carpenter or whatever, when you are making something for the customer, you want to make it so perfect. Yeah. Why? You are valuing what you'll be paid by the customer. But when it comes to something that is of your own. Yeah. Sometimes you take corners. As long as it is a as long as it is a sofa. Yeah. After all, I I'm the one who will be sitting on it. Yeah. You value the customer but not yourself, but not Christ. Yeah, he's doing it all for himself. And that's why he's preparing a church without spot or wrinkle. Why? because it is for himself. Now this restoration we are talking about it is back to himself. The scripture where we read in Genesis 1:28. Yeah. We can see that Eve was inside Adam. Amen. Now if she had remained in Adam, there was no danger of falling. Amen. The danger came by separation. Now if you stay separated from Adam, you cannot say there is no danger of falling. There is danger of falling. So today for there not to be a fall. Hallelujah. For there not to be a fall then we must be restored back. Amen. If must be restored back in Adam. Amen. Where Adam was told, yeah, it was he, them, male and female. Amen. Yeah. Then he was told you can have dominion. [Laughter] Oh my. You can now you can have dominion. Amen. Yeah. over the force of the air, all the creatures in the sea, every living creature, you can have dominion. That can only happen. Yeah. Amen. When that restoration has taken place, Amen. where Eve has been restored back into Adam. Then we can say Christ and the bride are one. Amen. Amen. Now, amen. Paul as much as in Ephesians he's addressing to those who are in Christ, but in Corinthians he said, "I have espoused you to one husband, but I fear Yeah. Now Paul with all the revelation that he had now he's telling the Corinthians, "Yes, I have I have espoused you to one husband, but I fear." Yeah. Oh my. Oh yes, Paul is saying I fear. But when it comes to the prophet in the message invisible union in that message, the prophet says it was a thanksgiving sermon. Hallelujah. Thanksgiving and you are talking about invisible union. How does it match? Yeah. The prophet was thanking God for the invisible union. So he could not say like Paul that I fear. That's good. No, you didn't get it. Paul said, "Yes, I have espoused you to one husband." Who is the husband? Christ. But I fear. Yes. But when it comes to the prophet, he's pre he's preaching a thanksgiving sermon. Thanking God for what? For the invisible union. Why? The marriage has taken place. Amen. Now he's let's put it this way. He's he was the only marriage officer who could announce the engagement. Yeah. And also pronounce the marriage. And that's why he was thanking God for the invisible union. Amen. Did you get it my Yeah. Paul was afraid. But the prophet says this was a thanksgiving message. Amen. Thanking God for what? for the invisible union. So he conducted he announced the engagement. Yeah. And also pronounced the marriage. Oh my. What a message we have. What a message we have. Hallelujah. The marriage is on. Amen. The marriage is own. Lord. Oh, praise God. Oh my goodness. Amen. Okay. Amen. If you can just be a member of this pride, then you have met it. No, you didn't get it. If only you can be a member of this body, then you have made it. Praise God. Oh yes. How do you become a member? By one spirit we are baptized into. Amen. Oh my. Praise God. If only you can be a member. Lord, help me to be a member. Amen. Pass me not, oh general savior. Hear my humble cry. Let me unite myself now. Let me unite with the word. Let me become the word. Let me become the word. Lord, pass me not. Oh general savior, hear my humble cry. Amen. Holy Spirit baptize me into that body. Oh yes. So when it comes to that point that's why the prophet preached the message desperation. You become desperate. When you are desperate Yeah. When you are desperate you become so serious. God bless you my brother. When you are desperate. Yeah. you become so serious. Yeah. It will be more than just entering that door and sitting down. Yeah. It will be more than that. When you become desperate. Oh yes. When you become desperate, Lord, create more thirst in me. Create more hunger in me. Just create more hunger in me. Let me let me stop the game of playing church. Yeah. Lord help us. Help us, Lord. Yeah. He has been so good to you. He has been so good to you. Thank you, sister. He has been so good to you. How? Yes, he has. By bringing you to church so that you can listen about this mystery. Yeah. He's so much concerned with you. Amen. That's why he does good things for you. He makes he creates some hunger and thirst in you to go and listen. Amen. God help us. God help us. Amen. Oh my adoption is the gathering of Eve or the church back into Christ the headstone. And according to Zachchariah, the headstone came down crying grace, grace, grace. Oh yes. Yes. So we can now sing Amazing Grace because grace grace came down. Grace came down. Have you seen grace? Do you know grace? Grace who? Have you seen grace? Yeah. Have you seen grace? Yeah. Can you say grace found me? Grace found me. Amen. Oh yes. Oh my. He lifted me up from the mar. Who lifted you up? Grace. It is grace. Yeah. It is grace. Yeah. Amen. There is a song we used to sing in I think it's in English. He will gather he will gather the chew wells. Now gathering the jewels is not the way the caterpillar push grabs everything. H and no no no no no it's speaking. It is speaking. Yeah it is speaking. Yeah. Oh yes. Why is he why why is he picking? Because you have a representation. So it is that representation. Yeah. It is that representation that is coming for you. Amen. Oh my. In that representation, it is that representation. And that's why the prophet says we are hearing from our theophanes. Amen. Our representation is the one that is speaking to you now. Will you surrender? Will you surrender? Oh, to Jesus I surrender. Oh, to him I freely give. Ever love and trust in me in his presence daily. Surrender all. I surrender now. Oh, to thee my blessed savior I surrender all. Home to Jesus I surrender. Save your holy love. Let me feel your holy spirit. Truly know. Hallelujah. Now I [Music] surrender. I surrender all. I surrender all to my bless and your arise. Amen. What a message we have. Amen. Praise God. We're adopted. Amen. Sons and daughters of God. You wonder why we preach the Holy Ghost so much. We've got the life of God inside of us. Hallelujah. That's what it is. That's what the Holy Ghost is. The life of God, the seed of God on the inside of you. We've got representation. How many have that representation? But we've got to surrender our life to him. Let's sing it again. I surrender all. I surrender. I surrender all. I surrender all to me. My blessed savior I surrender all. Amen. Let's sing that song. He abides. Amen. But you know before we sing that song, can we all lift our hands and say, Lord, I surrender all. Amen. Maybe he wants you to surrender your bank account. I don't know. But it's not about money. He wants to have all of you. Amen. Not your not just your living room. He wants all of you. That's what he's interested. Amen. But we can rejoice. We're children of God. He knew us before the foundation of the world. Amen. By for now, he predestinated you that you cannot fall. Amen. Can we hear it? Amen. You cannot fall if you are in Christ Jesus. We heard it this morning. And that's what the message is all about. You cannot fall. We are on the inside of him. Amen. So, let's rejoice this morning. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm I'm rejoicing night and day as I'm on the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my reason. The secret all is that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing as I walk away for the comfort of my [Music] heart of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon a tree. Oh, and I fell down at his feet. And there came a piece of me [Music] with [Music] hallelujah. [Music] As I walk there away with me, he is with me everywhere. Hallelujah. I'm happy as a free for the spirit has a sacrifice around that singing. abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night. The narrow way for the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting. The things of the world they take away. Long ago I gave them up and instantly all my burdens away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides me. Rejoice night and tears of block and air away comforter. Abide with me. Does he abide with you? Amen. Do you have the Holy Ghost since you believed? Amen. We've heard the message, but have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? That's the question. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. We're so happy. Amen. We can sing hallelujah. Amen. Can you say it? Can you say hallelujah? Hallelujah. Can you say praise the Lord that I'm redeemed? We've been bought back. Amen. Hallelujah. He paid a big price, but he paid he he he paid it all. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Too bad it's the close of another service, isn't it? Hallelujah. Not Hallelujah. Amen. We're happy that, you know, we were able to hear God's word today. Thank you. Thank you, brother Gilbert, for yielding to the Lord and Amen. giving us what we needed today. I needed it. Amen. I needed to be reminded I cannot fall away. Sometimes you get to a position, you know, you're a believer to 20, 30 years, but you know, you come to a position, the devil says, well, do you really have it? Is that right? Are you really inside of the body of Jesus Christ? But we heard today the word of God says we are in the body and we can't fall away. Isn't that a wonderful message? God has looked after our future sins. Even what we you will do wrong tomorrow. He's looked after it. The blood covers it all. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Can we sing? Going to stay right under the blood. Can we sing now? I'm going to stay the right. [Music] I'm going to save the light. I love [Music] to me. No harm. No harm. No, no, no. I'm going to sing right under the saw this world to me. I'm going to treat my neighbors right. I'm going to treat my neighbors right. I'm going to treat my neighbor right. So this world can do me. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. [Music] No harm. No heart. I'm going so this world can do me no harm. Amen. I'm so glad this world can do me no harm. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Is it good? Hallelujah. Brother Dan, are you happy? Amen. Both those two Daniels. Amen. Brother Dan Bamford, would you come and thank the Lord for for keeping you? You're not going to fall. Can you imagine, brother? Amen. It doesn't matter. Amen. You're going to make it. Praise God. Praise God. So, praise the Lord this morning. Amen. Oh, my Lord Jesus Christ, we give you the praise and honor you deserve, Lord. And more, Lord. Lord, be with us as we travel, Lord. Yes, Lord. To our homes, Lord, or wherever we're going to go, Lord. But keep us in mind, Lord, that we love you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Forever and ever. And Lord, I can say this for everybody that's here. Lord, we love you. Can we all say we love you, Lord? Thank you Lord Jesus for everything Lord that you have done for me Lord all the trials Lord. Yes Lord I give you thanks because Lord you are looking after me Lord. Amen. And Lord I thank you. I thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's pray for one another. Can you say amen? Pray for me. Pray for everyone. Amen. That's our job to do. Amen. And now, let's take our fathers out for lunch. Are you ready to put your hand in your pocket and take your father out? Amen. Brother Brerene, right? Is it somebody maybe your wife can take you out? Amen. Praise the Lord. Are you happy this morning? Amen. I'm happy this morning. Aren't you? We're redeemed. Amen. We're free. Free. Free. Free. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, turn around, shake somebody's hand, and say, "God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister." Amen. Wish somebody happy Father's Day. Amen. Thank you, Sister Wendy, for singing. That was so good. Thank you, God bless you. Amen.
