################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 18 Bro Moses Ndala Faith by Experience - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 18 Bro Moses Ndala Faith by Experience
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Short Clip
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WD6i3aHsiZI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So to have the new birth you need faith. You have to believe. You have to start somewhere. You have to believe what the word of God. That's why you have to repent. That have you have to repent. Repentance is based upon the word of God. what the word of God says, then you repent, then you accept the word of God, then you give your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ, then you are being baptized in water because of the faith and confession of your faith upon the word of God. Amen. That's the first start. And you have to start with the word of God. You can't repent upon creed, upon theology, upon reasoning of a man. You have to start with the word of God. Amen. Faith comes by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Someone has to testify to you. Someone has to give you the book. That's why we keep printing the books in India. And because we believe in the power of the word of God, the word of God has to be prayed. The word of God has to be spread. The word of God has to be preached. The word of God has to be translated because that the way the means by which the word the faith can increase is only by the word of God. Amen. And then someone has to preach to you. Someone have preachers and I say how can they hear without preachers? Sometimes people remove the preacher. Amen. The preacher is important because that the way the channel can God can use to to to convey the word of God. Amen. Faith comes by hearing and hearing of the word of God. And the prophet says faith comes by hearing. Faith once delivered to the saints. Now you hear so many people say today, oh divine healing is against my faith. The baptism of the holy spirit is against my faith. Says there is only one faith. Amen. And that faith doesn't come by joining church. That faith comes by hearing and that of the word of God. And if we are too if if we are and and and if we are bid to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints, that faith should not come out of a of a of a creed book, but should come out of God's Bible. For faith cannot rest upon the shifting sands of man theology. Amen. You know the you know sometimes we we we we we can read good books we can read philosophy books we can read we can read how do you say um u mind development books and they have very good advices I read them sometimes very good advices but at some point they stop there oh I can apply that and I apply sometimes works and sometimes doesn't work but it doesn't have it's not it's not it's not the the the solid ground because it's it has not been vindicated. But the word of God has been vindicated. The word of God is God himself. So it cannot change. It is the absolute what the word of God says. We cannot reason about it. Amen. Says that's not the faith cannot rest upon the shifting sands of man theology. But it can only rest upon the eternal rock of God's unchangeable word. That's the only place that faith can sufficiently rest. So your faith can only stand and and rest upon the word of God. And the word of That's why it's important to hear the word of God. That it's important to listen to the word of God. It's important to come to church. Amen. It's important to put the tapes. It's important because our faith has to grow. Our faith, the faith that started for repentance, that brought you to the new birth and then when you are born again, it's not the same. It it's the same faith but that faith has to increase. Amen. Do you know that brother Brandham even brother Banam's revelation was progressive the same revelation he had in 50 or 49 it was the same base he understood the patterns in the name of Lord Jesus Christ but he had to increase upon that he has to develop upon that he has to grow upon that. And when he goes to the third pool, he now that faith was much bigger, much greater than how he started. Amen. But he not deny the beginning of the the beginning of where he got as a as the initial revelation. He did not deny it. But he had to feed and he had to grow. His revelation had to grow. The same thing for us. Amen. Don't stop at one. I've been born again and that's it. You know, I'm I stay home. I will never be lost and that's it. No. Amen. And you have been born again, but you need to feed that faith with more of the word of God. God, feed my soul with the word of God. Amen. Amen. And sometimes you can go through a crisis and sometimes you can wander. You can go through a crisis, you know, the crisis you go through that itre is helping you to to to to shape your faith. Amen. To exercise your faith, to help your faith to increase. Amen. You know sometimes you pray God give me give me more faith. God has different ways sometimes he has to increase our faith through the word of God but sometimes he comes and check if if that faith is solidly anchored because it has to be tested. God test only his own faith that he put inside of the believer. If you have a need, you feed the word of God to supply that need. Whatever need you have, we can be going through a crisis. Sometimes you go through a crisis. Sometimes you go through a through a through a trial, you know, to go through a trial. Sometimes in order to fight that trial, to be strong in that trial, you take the word of God that they have promises regarding the situation you are going through and I will tell you it will help you. It helps me a lot of times. You're going through a trials. Maybe you are sick. Let's put an example for for just for simplicity of example. put in a sickness and you take some some of the the the the the first pool the first pool of the message where brother Bam is talking about faith is talking about healing and it's increasing your faith in that area and you you realize oh I needed that I need to increase my faith on that area I need my faith to be increased in that area because it's like in the natural in your natural body our body is fighting many things sometimes we are we are not aware of it. But what what is it? How is it possible to defend itself because of the food that is eating? If you have a a a a balanced and and balanced food, the body is fighting for you. Amen. Without you realizing it, brother say at some point, you know, faith that you have faith, you are even unconscious that you have faith. He said faith is unconscious sometimes. You know it's not because you have a certain crisis then you start you start manufacturing a certain kind of faith. You can't manufacture faith. Amen. You have to feed upon the word of God and when the situation rises and then sometimes you are unaware and you say one word and where that word comes from. It's the same word you have been feeding on. Now it comes in that situation. It's giving you victory in that situation because you have been feeding upon the word of God. Amen. Amen. And sometimes you are where did that come from? Oh, it was inside of you, you were not aware of it. But because you have been feeding upon the word of God, now that faith becomes manifested. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says you God in his soul by himself he says listen I'm going to say something faith is unconscious you believe it I've learned that in the years of travel around the world and meeting the peoples of all different back walks faith is unconscious you got faith and don't even know it right Jesus Christ no matter if he was in a storm and a gale is knocking the boat from one side to the other and he or he was standing in a face a mess of demons If he was hanging anywhere, he never moved him. In the message you saw by himself says he walked right on just as calm and quiet as he could be. Why? He was simply unconscious of fear of anything around him. Says that right? Whatever it was going to happen orever it was not going to happen, he know it was going to happen because God said so. He didn't say, "Oh, I have pray. Have I prayed through? Wonder if I fasted long enough. Wonder if I did this. He just walked right on unconscious. That's right. He believed what God has said was true. The words must be fulfilled. And he know that what his life was to fulfill them. What? Right. That's right. Amen. And you are here to fulfill it too. Just walk on conscience of fear. You and I, we are here to fulfill God's words too. So just walk unconscious of fear. Sometimes we take care and consider fear but we should not consider fear. We should not consider the the worst situation. We should just walk unconscious of all bad things and just believe what God says and what you believe that God has promised you. Amen. Says walk unconscious of criticism. Walk unconscience unto the world. Walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him. Not paying any attention the right or the left hand. Just keep moving on. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. He says, hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbor don't don't like you, walk with God. Just keep on walking with God. And the walk of a believer is a walk by faith. Amen. Not walk by feelings, not walk by emotions. He didn't say did you how do you feel it? Did you understand it? But do you believe it? Amen. Walk by faith. Believe what God has told you. Amen. Amen. And then at one place another message says faith comes by experience. Amen. That's right. For me it kind of blew my mind because because sometimes you look at the experience we say oh but you know experience is not is not is not uh you know we should not base our doctrines upon experiences you know doctrine has to be based upon the word of God. Yeah that's true doctrine is based upon why would a prophet says faith faith comes by experience. I was just wondering upon that. I hope I'm I'm I'm I'm prickling you a little bit here to think about it. How come faith comes by experience? But the prophet says, "Yeah, it comes by experience." Because you because if you look in the Bible, sometimes faith comes by experience. It's those who had those who had an experience with God that they can face greater challenges. That's right. Believing in God's word, no matter what the challenge was. Amen. If you don't have any challenge, if you don't have any challenge, you might have you might not have enough strong faith. It might sound a little like negative, but it's not negative. God is making us go through challenges in order to increase our faith. Because you go through a small challenge. He cannot give you a trial way bigger than what your faith can stand. What bigger than what your what what your experience cannot stand. No, he cannot give that. He's giving you the trial. He's giving me a trial in order to help me to go to the next step. In order to go to the next step. So the more I experience that and I have to exercise it, the more I exercise it in my life and the more I exercise the faith in my life, God will help me to go to the next stage. Amen. Amen. So faith is not a one-time experience. Faith is something that has to be increased every time in our walk. God increase my faith. increase my faith to the point where I come to that faith that is mixed to the love of God. Amen. Amen. Perfect faith. We come to that one maybe another time to see what is perfect faith God wants in our life. Amen. Praise God. Prophet says you can have an intellectual faith by hearing the word and perceive it and perceiving it in your mind and accept it upon those basis which is intellectual faith in the second coming. So by the faith that Jesus was speaking of on in St. John 5:24, he that heareth my word and believeth him that sent me has everlasting everlasting life. That does not come from intellectual faith. That comes from born again experience. Amen. As a man thinkketh in his heart is born again. Is born again and from there comes forth his thought, his soul. So not from his mind but from his soul. He says then down there he says not what the mind says what the doctor says what your pastor says you know it anyhow it's in your soul when that soul is truly born again you have Zoe God's life himself in the man that's the gospel to my thinking so the born again experience gives the real faith and that faith is not intellectual faith is not even just your minds oh it makes sense No, the bornag again experienced faith is the one that is the real faith that God says that faith that I gave to the saints that was once delivered that's the same experience I want each believer to have and to have that faith that comes from the new birth. Amen. Amen. Do you see it? Amen. So you need the faith to have the new birth. But the real new birth has to give the real faith. Amen. Amen. Oh, the message is so good. Amen. Why? Because you were born to be a god. A man was made to be a god. We know that. Genesis 1:26. And now when he receives God, he becomes a son of God. Again, it says he was made in the image of God. God has hands, God has feet, and so therefore a man was born was made like him. So he is an amateur god. And sin has blinded every fiber in his body, in his mind and in his heart. So sin is unbelief. It has blinded every fiber in the in the body, in the mind and in his heart. But when you are born again and then you receive the faith of God. The faith of God comes to unlock those channels that have been blinded so that you can see like God. You can think like God. You can see like God sees. Amen. You can see the invisible that people can't see. Like that experience that I like about that that the brother that that father who's the prophet came and prayed for the son who was dying and the the the the the the nurse was there looking at that machine but that your son is dying. How can you be rejoicing when your son is dying? The father says you are looking at that machine there. It's visible to you that what you have been trained to look at but I'm looking at a different thing. I'm looking at God's promise and I know that my son will be raised because the prophet prayed for him and he laid his hands upon him. According to the Bible, it says if you lay hands upon the sick, they shall recover. The father was looking at the different things because that channel that was blinded now has been open. By faith, he could see what God sees. Amen. Oh, we need faith to see what God sees. Amen. The prophet says you know God by simple childlike faith so to accept his word. You say it's the truth and you believe it. That how you know God is by faith not by reason. Your reason power within yourself. By faith comes from God. Faith is something that's born in you. Something that God gives you. It's the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not risen. You cannot manufacture faith. God gives you faith. Amen. The same God who gives you the new birth because the new birth is a personal revelation of God. A a personal revelation personally to you. Amen. It's the faith God has given you. You cannot be born again by yourself. Only God can give you the new birth because you're a son, a daughter of God. Amen. Are you with me this evening? So if you are born again, that's what I want to put in. If you are born again this evening, if you are born again, let me tell you, you have faith inside of you. You might not be a conscience about it, but you have faith upon. You have faith inside of you already, you know. And that that's what I was thinking about is sometimes when you preach about faith and we feel like oh I have to measure myself upon no and you start like trying to fabricate faith upon situations. No it's not that don't don't struggle to create that faith. No the fact that you are born again you have that faith inside of you. It's there. God has you cannot create that faith yourself. God has given you that faith already. But that faith has to increase as you are feeding upon the word of God. Amen. So our desire is Lord I want just to yield myself to you so that you increase that faith more more inside of me. Let me let let me feed upon the word of God that let the word go through my mind and go inside of my soul to feed that faith that you have already given me. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going to give you one or one quote that little bit seems like it is contradict everything but just shows it says fundamental foundation of faith says I've said faith does not come by fasting faith does not come by praying faith does not come by reading a book say any book all that's good fasting praying reading a book. But faith comes by a settle settled something that in the human heart that tells you just as sure as you come to this church tonight. When you come home, you told your wife, I'll be home after the service was over. You do that unconsciously. You just go out and get in your car and go on home. Now, you could not do it unless you have faith you could do it. So faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. That hearing by the word of God is sometimes is more than just the natural hearing. Because everybody can hear the word of God, but they don't have the faith that you have. Amen. But when you hear with a natural ear and then you hear by the word of God, there is something that God put inside of you that can say amen to the word of God. So the word of God that God put inside of the seed of God put inside of you, that seed of God inside of you is saying amen to the word of God. So the more that seed says amen to the word of God, it's feeding from itself to grow. Amen. So Lord, help me that I don't hinder that that that word of God, that part of the word of God inside of me to say amen to your word. Whether the five senses of the flesh understand it, the five senses of the mind understand, whether it understand or not, let the inner part of your word says amen to your own word. I hope I'm not complicating it at all. I hope I'm not complicating it because my desire is to is to tell to the born again Christians, you have faith. May God help us to exercise that faith. Amen. Look at Peter. Peter had the revelation of the of who Jesus Christ was. That faith helped him in many situation. He failed. He made many mistakes before he was even born again. But he had a little of faith. He had a revelation that was keeping him all the way knowing that I know he's a son of man. I know he's a son of God. Where else could we go? Amen. As I believe the message sometimes you we do not understand everything but let me tell you there is no place we could go. You hear it and you might have problems in the church and different things but where else could we go? The only place we can have if we stay with the word of God. We can only stay with the word of God because we had a personal experience with God. That experience, no one can take that from you. No one can remove that from you. Even the devil cannot take that from you. Even yourself cannot take that from you. Even if you want to go away from the word of God, something will pull you back against the word of God. Like Peter, he had that inside of him. And God says because of that revelation, no flesh, no no flesh, no blood gave you that revelation. The father in heaven gave you that revelation. And every church that will have that same experience, I'm going to build my church upon that. I'm going to build my tabernacle upon that revelation. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now faith that you have the real faith of the Holy Ghost that God gave you. Prophet we call it it's the purchasing power that God gave you. God gave you that faith. It's a purchasing power of everything you have need of. As an example, if you need bread, God give you the money for that bread. If the prophet says, you should be rejoicing already with the purchasing power that God gave you. Even though you don't see the bread yet, you might go through trials. You might go through mountains. You might go through valleys in order to get to that bread. But as long as you have that purchasing power in your hand, you should be rejoicing already. Oh, I have the bread with me. I have the bread with me. God has given me healing. God has given me my children. God has given me whatever I've need of. God has given me a life of sanctification. How come can you say that? Because I have the purchasing power. Amen. Amen. Faith by experience. The prophet says, usually people who have faith is someone who has experienced faith. Now, when you accept Jesus as your personal savior, there's not a way in the world for you to ever be saved only by your faith. You had to accept it. You had to believe it. Notice you could get down to the altar and could cry all night long and you could beat upon the altar and scream until you could scream no more. Still you are not saved. You could feel real good and run all over the building and shouting and still not be saved. The devil can beat you around the stump on your feelings. If I had to go by my feelings, there will be many times I will be all out of condition. That's the prophet. If the prophet could go through those, how much more sometimes you go through? He was speaking with the angels. Amen. But I don't rest on my feelings. I rest upon the unconditional word of the living God who made the covenant with me. If I would believe it. Amen. It's not what I feel. It's what I believe. Jesus never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" Faith happens. It's far beyond feeling. You could feel tonight leave you like you are saved and and run around and praising God and the next morning you wouldn't have any feeling about it at all. Then you say I'm lost again. But when faith takes a hold that Jesus Christ God's son died on yourstead and become you in your sin then in your sins and then in your sins might become him in his righteousness and accept him as your only propitiation for your sins. Then faith takes a hold and all devil out of hell can't move it. Faith endures. Faith locks something. It seals something. When you have the best experience of the new birth, let me tell you, your faith can lock there. God, you are the one who saved me there. You are the God who can give me victory over any other situation that will come. As David was in front of Goliath there, he knew the same God, the same God who delivered him him from the lion. The same God who delivered him from the bear is the same God who's going to deliver him from these unsecumised Philistines. How do you know David? Because I had already an experience with God. Amen. Saul was the tallest in the army, but he had no experience with God. He could not face the challenge of the hour because he had no experience with God before. He was thinking that everything was upon himself of his strength or because he was the highest statue. But David knew that he was not the one who delivered himself. It was God who delivered him. If God delivered you yesterday from the things of the world like like brother Andrew said, he delivered you from the things of the world. From where he took us from today, we can come with confidence. It was not me who saved myself there. But that experience that I had over there, I can use that experience today to face the challenges I'm going through because it's the same God of yesterday is the same God of today. Let my faith increase because of the experience that God already gave me. Amen. And build upon that. Amen. Amen. It's like someone who's who's living then they have to tell him, you know, you are still living. But you are breathing. You are alive. Let me tell you, you are alive this evening. You are son and daughter of a girl. Don't let the challenge of the world come to you and say, "Oh, try to make you think that are you really a Christian? Do you really have faith?" You have faith. But we need more faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the prophet says he was talking to a man that was full of fighting theology, Saul, but he never had put God to the test. That's the way it is today. It doesn't take education, doesn't take a lot of thinking. It takes a humble heart who's being dedicated to the power of the resurrection of Christ and filled with the Holy Ghost that knows what they are talking about. He said your servant will go and fight him and God will prophet didn't finish that God will deliver him. You need faith and experience in a resurrected Jesus Christ to set your soul a fire to call those things which are not as though they are. That's what the world needs tonight and that's what the church needs tonight. Not the world the church needs. I you can't blame the world prophet. You can't you you can come to the church that you but you can come you can you can you can the church that already had an experience of passing from death onto life. Saul find out that his ecclesiastical vest didn't fit a man of God. It just don't work. You don't need to work theology to know theology. You need a little neology to know God. That's what we are doing in prayer meeting. Lord, I need a little bit of neology to know you more. That's why I'm here to know that the same slingshot that delivered me yesterday, the same slingshot can deliver me today. What I need is the five the five stones. F A I T H. F. What I need is Jesus. Amen. G E S U S. in order to overcome in this challenge that is coming in front of me. Amen. Because I know the same slingshot that delivered me yesterday, it can deliver me today. That's my sermon of destiny. Faith comes also by experience. Lord, I want to go through that experience all I'm willing to go through experiences with you. Help me to exercise my faith through experiences because that how that faith is built up. Amen. You know, otherwise it will be repetition. Oh, no. I I want favor. You know the seven sons of SA they try to do that one time. We will come and deliver. We will come and deliver this person because we we see Paul doing that. We saw brother Vanam doing that. Now, now come out in the name of Jesus Christ that brother Vanam preached. The devil look at them. I know Jesus. I know Paul. In our case, I know brother Ban, but you you don't have any experience at all. And then the devil run after them. They the one run of but thank God we have an experience with God. So you can come and present the token to God. God, I'm coming because I have an experience with God. You can present the same token to the enemy. The enemy, I'm coming with the authority of the word of God. I have an experience with God and I cast you out. Amen. Amen. The prophet will use the example of Shamgar. That that is Shangar. He didn't know he was not a fighter. He was not a soldier. But he had an experience with God. He knew that he was an Israelite. He knew that he was circumcised. He knew that he had an experience of a circumcision that he could not revert back. And you and I, if you're spiritually circumcised, we can cast out the Philistines in our land. Amen. Whether we feel it or not. But I coming in the name of Jesus Christ because I have that faith inside of me. God help my faith. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Prophet says, you know what I what what I did? I got some sticks and little people per says I made he was talking about this the story of of that turtle. You know that turtle. That turtle was wondering. The prophet came and touched that turtle. He wanted that turtle to walk. That turtle didn't want to walk. When he touch it, then just goes in the hull. Huh? Goes back. Prophet says says, "Oh, that looks like some of the people want to touch some areas in the word of God. They just go. They don't want they want anything. They want to hear anything. No, he's talking about my private life. Just go there." So, what did I do? And I took a stick and I beat him. I beat him. Even went even further like that. Sometimes I you need to have faith. You need to have you need to have faith. There's God. Oh, no. No. Prophet says what? I I took him. I put in the water. Just saw some bubbles. I baptize you in the name of Jesus. You now a Christian. No. Prophet said it was just dry before. Now he's right after that. We don't want that. We don't want that. But the prophet says, "What did I do to make him work?" Then I took some sticks. I put a little bit of fire and I put him in the in the in in the behind there. Then he start what we need in our church. We need a baptism of fire and the Holy Ghost. Then people will start moving. Lord, I need that baptism move fire to burn anything that is not of yours. Then I will start moving. Then the church will start moving. Then our family will start move. Then our kids will start moving. Give us that fire that what we have need on that lady pray Lord give me that baptism of fire so I can walk with you and have a personal experience with you. Moses had that experience of fire. That's why he could go back in Egypt and conquer again. God, we need that baptism of fire in our lives. Grant it, Lord. Amen. May God bless you and that is our God. Musicians can come. So we go in prayer. [Music] If you have any requests that you would like to make public, just let note to the church can join in prayer. Let us know and I'll pass the mic to you. Otherwise, we can go to the song. [Music] Want [Music] to sing that song? Oh, that means the pill of fire. Just forgetting that pillow fire. That's right. What we need is the piller of fire burning in the heart of man. [Music] Leading us back to the Bible. [Music] the church away from sin. Show me the resurrected Savior. Show me self again. What we need is the pill of fire leading us back to God again. What we have is the beard of fire burning within the parts of leading us back to the Bible. Leading the church away from sin. Showing the resurrected savior. Showing self alive again. What we have is the fire leading us back to God again. [Music] Do you believe in the presence of the pillar of fire? The prophet is gone, but the pillar of fire is still here and is leading us all the way to the rapture, all the way to the millennium. He's still here and we just need that baptism of fire, that dynamic. Amen. That how many desire more of God this evening? We just go in prayer each person and just ask God for few minutes. Lord, I desire that baptism of fire and the refilling of the Holy Spirit, Lord. Amen. [Music] you. [Music] More of you. All of you. More of you. All of you I know all my [Music] Oh, I had my yet I hunger still empty and Lord hear my prayer from All of you. All of you. [Music] All of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of things I have my fear. But yet I hunger s empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of you in my life. Lord be glorified today. Be glorified. Be glorified. Oh be glorified today in this church in this church. Lord be glorified. Be glorified. [Music] in this church. Lord be glorified today in the in your [Music] Lord. Be glorified. Be glorified [Music] in Lord. [Music] Lord be glorified today. [Music] May God increase our faith and he will be glorified. As we believe that what he has already started, he will bring it to completion. that just grow and become more and more reality. Amen. When we all get to heaven, what a day that will be. And we'll be closing when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, sing the wonderous love of Jesus. See his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessing. He prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. I'll leave on the build house will over spread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sun. And we all get to be and to have what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. [Music] Let us then live through and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory. Victorials of life we pay when we all get to heaven. To heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. That's when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. [Music] Onward to the prize before his beauty [Music] soon. We shall tread the streets of Lord when we get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus we sing and shout victory. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. When we look behind we look oh it was worthy Lord. Thank you for that challenge. Thank you for that experience. Thank you for that experience. Thank you for that experience. It helped my faith to increase. Thank you, Lord, for that. Amen. Brother Andrew, I'm going to ask to close the service. Don't mind a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads. Lord, heavenly father, we just we thank you, Lord, where Lord where you've placed us. That you've placed us Lord Lord in the palms of your hand. Lord, that you could Lord look after us, Lord. Lord, that you can teach us, Lord. that you could show us, Lord, that you can, Lord, coach us, Lord. And and Father, you can, Lord, as lead us, Lord, by the hand, Lord, when we're when we're tired, Lord, when we're Lord, when we're downtrodden, Lord, when Lord, when we feel, Lord, Lord, that we've made mistakes, Lord, and and Lord, that we failed you, Lord, you pick us up, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for Lord, your grace, Lord, your mercy, Lord, to us, Lord. Lord, that we're Lord, we're undeserving of it, Lord. We just we thank you, Lord. Father, would you Lord, go with us, Lord, the rest of this week, Lord. Would you, Lord, abide with us, Lord? Lord, will we draw close to you, Lord? Lord, we just we need more of you, Lord. Lord, more of you, Lord. Lord, Lord, I remember it being said, Lord, you want to give us, Lord, your Holy Spirit, Lord, more than we want it. Lord, you want to save us, Lord, more than we want it. Lord, would you Lord just Lord make our will Lord your own will Lord that we could be Lord with you Lord in heavy place in heavenly places Lord Lord and abide with you Lord in your spirit Lord and Lord just have joy with you Lord wherever we go Lord Lord we ask these things Lord thank you Lord for this time together Lord we ask these in Jesus Christ's name amen [Music] thank you brother Andrew bless you richly Amen. Every experience we are going through, it's an opportunity for our faith to increase. Amen. Just take that in a positive way. God, you're the one who saved me, the one who helped me, the one who delivered me. God, you're going to deliver me another time. Abraham faith. I have faith of Abraham. You know, when he had the final trial, he had to rely on what God has already done for him. Says, "This son, I'm going to I'm going to sacrifice." God is able to raise him up. Why? Because he gave me almost from from death. I was not able. It was God who gave me that son. So I can give back to God because God is able to raise him up because of what he already done for me in the past. So if God saved you, Amen. God can give you victory in everything you go through. Amen. Amen. Just uh we finish that pleasing pleasing and then we going to close. Please. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing. [Applause] [Music] to you [Music] pleasing. Lord, let me be pleasing on you. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praise. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Without faith cannot please God. May God make us more pleasing to him. Amen. God bless you. Richley, you are dismissed. Sister Sophia, I miss to greet you, but we are happy that you are with you with us. The two Sophia now, but God bless you all. Sophia and Sophia, right? Okay. Yeah. Sister Sophie and Sister Sophia. So, we're so happy to have you. God bless you. You're dismissed. God bless you.
