################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 07 02 Bro Moses Ndala Believe That He is the Victory - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 07 02 Bro Moses Ndala Believe That He is the Victory
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv1FnjXenjQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. A last send did my Savior bleed and did my sovereign die? Would he devote that sacred head for such a worm as I at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Was it for crimes that I have done? He groaned upon the tree. Amazing pity. Grace unknown and love beyond degree. At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Well might the sun in darkness hide and shut his glories in. When Christ the mighty maker died for man the creature sin at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Amen. Welcome. God bless. Because he lives [Music] [Music] because he lives, I can face tomorroworrow. Because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future. And life is worth the livinging just because he lives. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He lived and died. You by my pardon and empty grave is there to prove my savior there. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And then one day I'll cross the river. I'll fight life's fun. No war with pain. And then as death gives way to victory, I'll see the lights of glory. And I'll know he lives. Because he live I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. 1297 Oh glorious victory [Music] is victory the day he set me free and made my heart his very throne my life's known No longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. Who am I Lord? Who am I? I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. On Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. This is good mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Who am I? Lord, who I am? I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my Savior. I'm a part of his world. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. Maybe if we sing higher, we get closer to God. I guess let's sing 11:05. I've got to make it. [Music] More than anything in my life, I've got to make it. I've got to know my name's inscribed in that lamb's great book of life. I've got to hear him say, "Well done. Enter in my child. You are more than anything in my [Music] possessions, great or small. Friends or family take them all. But more than anything in my life, I've got to make it. If I can run and keep the pace, then in heaven I'll see his face. More than anything in my life, I've got to make it. More than anything in my life, I've got to make it. I've got to know my name's inscribed in that lamb's great book of life. I've got to hear him say, "Well done. Enter in, my child. You've won more than anything in my life. I've got to make it more than fame or wealth or desire. More than all this world's attire. More than anything in my life I've got to make it. What is all I've come to know? Gain the world but lose my soul. More than anything in my life, I've got to make it. More than anything in my life, I've got to make it. I've got to know my name's inscribed in that lamb's great book of life. I've got to hear him say, "Well done." Enter in, my child. You've won more than anything in my life. I've got to make it. [Music] 50. There's a river of life flowing up from me. Maybe if you'd stand with me. [Music] There's a river of life flowing out from me. It makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me that life abundantly. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me that life abundantly. Amen. Amen. There's no word request. Maybe you'll just bow your heads with me and we'll go to the Lord in prayer. Lord, heavenly father, we Lord, we thank you once more, Lord, that we can be in your house, Lord. that we can have, Lord, Father, joy in your presence, Lord. That we can, Lord, worship you, Lord, unhindered, Lord. That we can, Lord, leave the things of the world, Lord, at the door, Lord, and and Lord, and just praise you, Lord. And Father, we Lord, we invite you, Lord, this evening, Lord, that you'd be here with us, Lord. That you'd you'd speak to us, Lord. That you'd Lord, commune with us, Lord. And Father, we also, Lord, ask, Lord, that you'd be with uh Brother Zagan, Sister Neil, Lord, while they're traveling, Lord. Brother Victor, Lord, wherever they're at, Lord. and Lord and whoever else Lord couldn't make it here this evening Lord would you go Lord by their way Lord and and Lord speak with them Lord and Lord commune with them Lord that they could have Lord joy Lord in your presence Lord and Lord would you Lord just be in this service Lord would you lead us we pray in in Jesus Christ's name amen you can greet one another and have your seats [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Kings is the God we serve. I've received a brand new birth. I've become the living word. [Music] I'm the Savior's offspring. Makes me want to shout and sing. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve and I've received a brand new birth. I've become the living word. I'm the Savior's offspring. Makes me want to shout and sing. What a mighty God we serve. Give me oil in my lamp. [Music] Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp, I pray. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Give me joy in my heart. Keep me praising. Give me joy in my heart. I pray. Give me joy in my heart. Keep me praising. Keep me praising till the break of day. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Give me love in my heart I pray. Give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Keep me serving till the break of day. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp, I pray. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Amen. says, "Sing one more song as brother Moses come 1265. Jesus took my burdens. [Music] Jesus took my burdens and rolled them in the sea." He rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. Now I have a victory that he has given me. All my cares and burdens, he's rolled them in the sea. Jesus took my sickness and rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. Now I have a victory that he has given me. For all my pain and sickness, he's rolled them in the sea. Jesus took my shame and he rolled it in the sea. Yes. Rolled it in the sea. He rolled it in the sea. Now I have a victory that he has given me. All my shame and disgrace. He's rolled them in the sea. Jesus took my unbelief and rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. Now I have a victory that he has given me. All my doubt and fear, he's rolled them in the sea. Hallelujah. Not the sea that is just a little bit of death like this. It's a sea of forgetfulness. Once he put it there, can take it back again completely gone. We thank him for for that. It's a new song for me. It's the first time I hear it. It's wonderful. Let's sing it once again. Jesus took my shame and roll in the sea. I like it. Amen. Oh Jesus took my shame and he rolled it in the sea. He rolled it in the sea. He rolled it in the sea. Now I have a victory that he has given me. All my shame and disgrace. He's rolled them in the sea. Jesus took unbelief. Jesus took my unbelief and rolled it in the sea. He rolled it in the sea. He rolled it in the sea. Now I have the victory that he has given me. All my doubt and fear. He's rolled them in the sea. Wonderful, wonderful one. Let's give the Lord hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer this evening. Father, we thank you for your grace and your mercy. Lord Jesus Christ, it's good to be in the house of the Lord once again and your presence. Father, holy ground. Father, we realize that you are faithful to your word. As you said, Father, two or three, wherever there will be gathered, I'll be amongst them. Father, we are here together to agree upon your word, Father, to worship you, to glorify your name, to praise you, Father, to realize, Father, that we we have not made ourselves Christians, but you made us Christians, Father. Lord, you bought us with the price that cannot be compared to any other money or any value that man can put on. As you say, the soul of a man, Father, is worth 10,000 worlds. Father Lord, you you bought our our soul with your own blood. Father Lord, you realize, oh, Father, you could put a price to the equivalent to your own life. Your own life was the souls of your loved ones. Father Lord, we thank you for that. For your grace and your mercy in our life that we didn't choose ourself, you chose us, Father. Amen. This evening we are here Lord to hear once again the word of God that will draw us closer to you. Father help us Lord to have us to make a step towards you. A closer stop, a closer step, a closer walk with you. Father, we thank you father that you took our shame. You took our unbelief. You took our past. You took our sins. You took, Father, Lord, whatever that was hindering us to have a close fellowship with you. You put that in the sea of forgetfulness to not remember it no more. Now we are in your presence, Father, as the virtuous bride. Father, we give you the glory and the honor. Father, let your name be praised once again. Help me, Father, to deliver the thought you put in my heart and prepare the ground in the people to receive it. Thank you for the song service. Thank you for your presence. Thank you for the musicians. Thank you for brother Andrew Lord. Lord we commit all remnant of the service in your hands in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this evening. Um it's brother brother Andrew prayed um pastor Ziggs is still traveling I think they're coming back tomorrow if I'm not mistaken keep them in prayer and brother Victor still still extended extended even one more time before he come back comes back amen is Um he's the we like brother Victor to come and we like him to be here. Always good. Amen. It's like u you know whenever you are to crossing sometimes you are going certain way and you you you encounter the train. Oh wow. Cuz there just is to pass to pass to pass to pass. Yeah long train. Amen. So I was just want similar to there but I just Yeah. So we want him to come then. Oh yeah he's here then we'll be glad to have him. Amen. I would invite like to invite you but before we go there I just want to sing one small song and want I didn't prepare a lot this evening but um hopefully just want let's talk about Jesus just in a few verses. Let's talk about Jesus. [Music] Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, Supreme throughout eternity. The great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Oh, let's talk about Jesus. Let all need to change to change. Let's start. Let all the world proclaim the power and majesty of such a wonderous name. The babe of Bethlehem, the bright and morning star. Let's sing his praises near and far. Let's talk about Jesus, the bread of life. Is he the savior of the world, the man of Galilee, the prophet, priest, and king, the mighty God is he, the well of living water free. Let's talk about Jesus. The prince of peace is he. The great physician too down through all history. The lily pure and wide. The rose of share and fair. The shepherd of such tender care. Blaspheus. Let's talk about Jesus. The rock of ages. He the lamb for sinners slave. The man of Calary. The great Immanuel. The word of God. He is our bridegroom diva. Let's talk about Jesus this evening. Amen. That's what we are going to be uh talking about this evening. So, I invite you to go to the word of God. Thank you, brother Peter. Thank you, brother Andrew. Thank you all your saints. Glory to his name. Hebrews 11. Hebrews 11:6 still on faith a little bit. Um I hope it's okay for you to be on faith. Amen. Like what papa Matundo said one comment there says you know from all the virtues the largest one. So that what God actually we should put more emphasis it's on faith because it is the largest one. just um it was just a good comment to put there from an elder just very good. Amen. Hebrews 11:6. But without faith it is impossible to please him means to please God. For he that cometh to God must believe that God is and that God is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. Then we go to Revelation 1. Revelation 11:17 says, "When I saw him, I John fell at his feet as dead, and he, Lord Jesus Christ, laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not, I am the first and the last. I am he that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of hell and of death." May God bless the reading of his word. You can have a seat. Amen. This Wednesday of prayer, I just wanted to emphasize on what the Bible says that in the chapter of faith that without faith it is impossible to please God. You cannot pretend or cannot try to please God in other way but believing on what God has said and accepting him and walking by faith that the only way you have can please God and even Enoch pleased God. Verse five says Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God had translated him. For before he for before his translation, he had this testimony that Enoch pleased God. Enoch had pleased God by having faith in what God says regarding his word. Amen. Enoch prophesied about the coming of the Lord. Enoch prophesied there will be a Messiah. Enoch knew that there will be a Messiah. He had he walked with God, trust in God, build the pyramid having faith in God. even wrote the second Bible believing that what we God wrote in heaven can be translated into what he could he could translate into the pyramid and and lived also what he preached. Amen. Because his life was a testimony of what he preached. His life was a manifestation of what he preached. Amen. And then he pleased God by having faith in God. The prophet says in God's covenant with Abraham says Gazi round out his servant to ask and said is all well with thee and is all well with thy husband is all well with the child. He's asking the woman to whom was given the w the the the child and the child the prophet said the child a corpse and husband franking frantic and her riding at the at the break neck speed she said all is well. Prophet says I like that even though the substance symptoms the circumstances were negative everything was looking like like to me like nothing was really nothing was positive from what you could tell but even our test even those circumstances and the those circumstances faith was still all is well the prophet says I like that she was before the servant of the lord I think that where Mary got the idea Mark got the idea of meeting Jesus the way she did and said, "Lord, if thou would have been here, my brother had not died, but even now whatever you ask God, God will do it." That she knew that if God was in his prophet, surely he was in his son. So she approached in the right way, reverent, and she got what she asked for. So you approach God in a reverent way, you will get what you ask for. There's an approach to to get God. There is an approach to have fellowship with God and one of them is reverence. Reverently coming in the presence of God. And the prophet said the reason to that that we don't get what we ask for. We approach in the wrong way. We approach we got to approach we and then he didn't finish the sentence. Then he he quote this the scripture that we quoted says he that cometh to God must believe that he is and is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. Just want to emphasize you come to God but you must believe God is. It's kind of a sentence that doesn't complete right God you believe that God is. Amen. We believe that God is and we as we approach God we I just want this evening to to emphasize a little bit on on on God on the Lord Jesus Christ. As we put here and there and all the word of God is Jesus Christ. So everything that we preach here is always Jesus Christ. But there just just to see who he is the Lord Jesus Christ. What revelation says of who he is. What the book of revelation says who the Lord Jesus Christ is. Believe that he is. Amen. Just give him the praise. Just to give him the first place just to give him the first the first authority just to elevate him a little bit more. Just to to praise him a little more. You are worthy to be praised. You are the lamb of God. You are the you are the great I am. You you are everything. You are our portion. You are our father. You you are the son. You are the holy ghost. You are everything. Amen. That's what we want to say. Lord, you are the you are the judge. You are the father. You are you are the healer. You are you you are my portion. You are the rose of Sharon. You are all the title the good title we can have belong to the Lord Jesus Christ more than any other thing. Amen. We are all nothing. We are all nothing. He's the one who deserves the glory and the honor. He's the redeemer. He's our He's our savior. He's everything. Amen. He's the one who has forgiven our sins. You're the one who has saved us. He is the one who has given us the promise for redemption, the promise for the resurrection, the promise for the rapture. All is about the Lord Jesus Christ. No man can pretend to be anything. Is about him and only him. Amen. believe that he is Lord. You are my all. You are my healer. All is well with you Lord Jesus Christ. The prophet says the voice of blessing said fear not don't be afraid. And after saying don't be afraid he qualifies himself I am the first and the last. I am the first and the last. It means before anything happened I was the first. Amen. And I am also the last word for every situation. I'm the one giving the last word, the last decision. Amen. Nothing can happen to your life before I know it. I know it before it happens to your life and the solution for your life. I am the last one who has to give the solution. I am everything in your life. Amen. Oh, I like that. Amen. I am he that liveth and was dead. And even when he died, he had a purpose why he died. He died because of you. Amen. He died because you were thinking of me. He was thinking of you and said, "Behold, I am alive and forever more. Where is there to fear?" The judgment that fell upon him at the cross at the grave and when he descended was for us. The prophet says, he absorbed the full branch of the wound of sin. And there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. Glory to his name. See for short our attorney is our judge. He's both attorney and judge. If you have a good if if you want for any case for your case, if you have a problem, you got into trouble, you want to find the best attorney, the best advocate, the best the best who can defend for you the who can we where can we find the best attorney than Jesus Christ. He's the one who can defend us the best. Amen. because he took all the judgment everything. What he can tell the father is the father you know what I already paid the price for him so there is no condemnation of him there's no condemnation of her because I already paid the price look my bank account look my receipt everything is paid off so it's free but on top of that he is also the judge so he's the one making the decisions if he's the one making the decision he can only make a decision on behalf of the attorney because he's the same one amen so when you come to him remember who he is. Amen. Says a judge, the prophet says as judge, the case is settled. It is finished. So when the devil comes with condemnation, you show him that the case is finished. Because the attorney and the judge are the same person. Oh, I love that. There is now therefore no condemnation. Why should the church fear? What promise has he ever failed to manifest before us? Why should it fear punishment? Why should it fear punishment or death? It has all been overcome. He is the mighty conqueror. He is the mighty conqueror. Amen. Is worth reminding ourself that whatever about who is the one who needs to be worshiped. We need to remind ourselves oh who is the one who needs to be worshiped. So when you are singing, when you are worshiping, who is the one who needs to be worshiped? Is the lord of lord the king of kings. Now the prophet says, "Now all these expressions, him which is him which was and he is to come and faithful and faithful witness, the firstborn from among the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth, the alpha and the omega and the almighty. They are all titles and descriptions of the one and same person who is the Lord Jesus Christ who washed us from our sins in his own blood. Amen. I love that he not only washed us by his blood but he washed us in his own blood. He immersed us into his own blood. Amen. And then we came out from it completely pure. Amen. That's our Lord Jesus Christ. That's the one who deserve to be praised. He's the one who took the title, the title of God himself. In Isaiah 44:6, it says, "Thus say the Lord, the King of Israel, and his Redeemer, the Lord of hosts. I am the first and I am the last. And besides me there is no God." That was Jehovah in the Old Testament. Amen. The only person who can say that was Jehovah in the Old Testament. But this in the the new testament the same God come in the form of the Lord Jesus Christ and he declares to John who represent the bride. I am the first and I am the last. Amen. I am your redeemer. Amen. I am the one and besides me there is no other God. That's why the Lord Jesus Christ is our God and the only true God. Oh we worship you Lord. We thank you father. Amen. Amen. Isaiah 43:12. Hearken unto me, oh Jacob and Israel. My call, I am he. I am the first. I am also the last. That Jehovah the Old Testament is the Lord Jesus Christ. That why Jesus Christ is the name above any other name. When you come in the name of Jesus Christ, it's like Jesus Christ himself praying to the father when you come in the name of Jesus Christ because that the only redemptive name by which you we can be saved. Amen. Do you realize who we are worshiping? Amen. The prophet says, "He that descended has now ascended above all and unto him has been given a name that is above every name." Yes. He conquered death. He conquered hell. He conquered the grave. He has the keys thereof. He has the key. But the devil doesn't have any key. Doesn't have any control of any situation. God is the one who is in control of every situation because he conquered the the place where the devil used to use in order to make to put fear on people or fear of death, fear of hell, fear of the grave. But Christ conquered all of three, all of them. says, "And what he looses and it's loosed and what he binds is bound. There's no changing of it. There is there was no conqueror before him. There is none beside him. He alone is the savior, is the redeemer, is the only God and the Lord Jesus Christ is his name." He says, "The greatest of all revelation is the deity, the supreme deity of our Lord Jesus Christ. You can't get to f you can't get to first base until you believe that. So the greatest of all revelation sometimes we have simplifies it. Sometimes we have maybe we even the denomination have caught up a little bit to that and now the denomination is most of them believe that Jesus Christ is God. Most of them believe but in their mind they're probably thinking oh it the the the trinity form it was there is a god the father there is a god the son there is a god the holy ghost all of them they are bound together somewhere you know sometimes they have to agree all together they always think the same way it's a it's a denominational ideal idea amen they all those different things or you know we can't comprehend those oh so maybe you know the God God the Lord Jesus Christ just a man. Different ideas but it was it is actually the same God who just cannot himself and he took another form of a man took another form. The same God like you see me like here I went here and I come out with this one. The same person but in a different form but exactly the same form. Amen. There is a difference between us time. There is a difference even between Adam and the Lord Jesus Christ. Adam was the word pronounced creative word. Jesus Christ was the creative word. But Adam was not the fullness of God. But the Lord Jesus Christ was the fullness of God himself in the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Prophet says that's what Peter said. Repent and then see the deity. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and then you are ready to go in the spirit. The first thing you have to know is the deity of Christ. I am the alpha and omega. I am from A to Zed. There is no more but me. I was at the beginning. I'll be at the end. Think about it. I was at the beginning of the situation you're going through. I'm at the end of the situation you're going through. I am he that was, which is, and shall come, the Almighty. Think of it. That's what the trumpet said. That prophet says, think of it. That's what the trumpet said. I'm the alpha and I'm the omega. Oh, you see the things happening in the church. You see the things happening among the message realm. You see what happening? Some negativity is going here there. No, don't worry. God is at the is at the beginning. He's also at the end. The message will defend itself. Amen. Sometime we don't even need to defend the message. The message will defend itself because God is the alpha and the omega. The Lord Jesus Christ is the alpha and the omega. The message can never be defeated. The word of God can never be defeated. Says all right. The first of all revelations is the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. You must know you must know who he is when you hear the voice. Amen. I'll say this. You cannot understand the word made flesh in the bride unless you understand the revelation of the supreme deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. Unless you value also the supreme deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. Sometimes we have maybe not you but sometimes I I I have the fear that sometimes we have simplified the deity of the Lord Jesus Christ to to something I don't know I don't know but I've seen that in my life where people I don't know how they take brother Banam and they seem to compare it to the Lord Jesus Christ. There's some similarities. There's some similarities. Amen. Don't get me wrong. There's some similarities there some but you can brother Banam is not is not the Lord Jesus Christ. The Lord Jesus Christ is way way way way above the brother Banam. As much as we value brother Banam but you can't compare brother Banam to the Lord Jesus Christ. The Jesus Christ is the savior. He's the redeemer. Brother Banam is not a savior. Brother Banam is not the redeemer. I know it sounds simple but you know when we pray we are not praying to brother vanam we are praying to the lord Jesus Christ omnipotent god omnipotent god he was not simply a prophet he was god says it plainly says here is revelation that Jesus is that which is that which was and that which is to come is the alpha and the omega which means he is the a to said he all of it is everything. The Almighty is the rose of Sharon. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star, the righteous branch, the father, the son, the holy ghost. He is God, almighty God, one God. 1 Timothy 3:16 says, "And without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifest in the flesh, flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory. This is what the Bible says, the prophecy. It doesn't say a a thing about the first or second or third person. Here it says God was manifest in flesh, one God. So means God took the form of a flesh. Your God is so great. so great that he can humble himself so low so long to the point where he can put himself in a form of being ignorant. Can you imagine the great God took a certain time a portion for redemption he make himself flesh to the point who becomes ignorant that say I don't know when I can when I will come back only when I return in my form of a father of the holy ghost then I will know when I will come back the same god think about it that blows my mind then you'll be wondering but if it's god how does didn't came he doesn't know he's God but he put himself in a place where he becomes a man where he can suffer when he can go through what we go through in order for redemption but doesn't remove the quality of him being God that's why prophet says you see Jehovah in a manger you see Jehovah playing it's still Jehovah but Jehovah has put himself condoned himself in a form of of a weak form but for redemption. Amen. Amen. I hope it's okay. Amen. It can only be okay because it's the supreme revelation. Amen. Says that one God was manifest in flesh that ought to settle it. God came in a human form that didn't make him another God. He was God. The same God is a re it was a revelation then it is a revelation now one God and let me say this I'm not God in human form I'm not God in human form you are not God in human form by the way was not God in human form no one can says no I came back from the pill of fire I'm going back to the pill of fire no one but it is the pill of fire inside of you the pill of fire portion of pill of fire inside of me no one is God in human form but we tabernacle God in our flesh. Amen. But Jesus Christ was God in human form. Amen. There is only one name that is one name that is above any other name is the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. God has many titles as we said our righteousness, our peace, our everpresent, the father, the son, the holy ghost. But he has only one human name and that name is Jesus. Don't be confused because he has three offices or that he has a three-fold manifestation on earth. He was a prophet in heaven. He is a priest and coming back to earth is the king of kings. He that was that is Jesus the prophet. He that is let me say this brother was not the prophet he was a prophet. Amen. Amen. But was not was not the son of man. He was a son of man. He was a son of man revealing the son of man. Amen. So when we receive the message, we are receiving the son of man. Amen. He was a son of man revealing the word, the Christ, the son of man. Amen. So that's what the prophet say. Jesus is the prophet, the prophet. He that is he that that he is the high priest making intercession. One who can be touched with the feelings of infirmities which is to come. That is the coming king on earth. He was the word the prophet. Amen. You know the proverbs say you know dispensation the son of the son of god the son of man the son of god through the ages and then he become the son of David. But between the son of god and the son of David there is a portion where he comes again to be manifested as the son of man. There come a time where we manifest himself as the prophet the prophet that's why when baranam is is is um discerning the thought and intent of the the heart at some point he will be discerning and says oh I don't even know what I said I don't know what he said I have to listen to the tapes to hear what he said it was my voice but it was not me. Amen. So that was the the sign of the messiah. It was God using a vessel of a man but it does not make the prophet the prophet. It was still God the word of God is the prophet. Amen. So that's why whether the prophet is alive whether the prophet has gone the word has not diminished his power. Amen. We still believe the same word still have the same power. Amen. The same manifestation. Amen. The same potential. Are you with me this evening? Amen. Moses said unto him, "The Lord your God will raise up a prophet like unto me, and it will come to pass if they don't hear the words of that prophet, they will be cut off from among the people." Thank God we are part of the plan of God. The Bible says, "He will come forth in power and glory and take the authority to reign as king." He is the coming king of the earth. Of course, that does not say he is not king now. For he is our king. He's the king of the saints. Right now, it is a spiritual kingdom. It is not of this world system. Even as we are not of this world, that's the reason we act different from the world. Our citizenship is in heaven. Amen. Our citizenship is not here. Our citizenship is in heaven. says we reflect the spirit of the world of our rebirth where Jesus is the king. This is why our women do not dress in men's clothing or cut their hair or use all those cosmetic and other things that the world likes so much. That is why our men don't drink, they don't smoke, they don't carry on in sin. Why? Because our citizenship is from above. Amen. Our dominion is the dominion over sin and it is in force through the power that is in the spirit of Christ that indwells us. Every kingdom on earth is going to be torn down but ours will remain. Thank God to be part of the kingdom of God. Amen. And in that kingdom no one is above the other. Amen. No one is above the other. We are all born of the Holy Ghost. We can have different functions but no one is above the other. Not even the brother above the sister. We are all born with the same Holy Ghost but different different function different things. Amen. The pastor is not above the congregation. No, he is also born of the same Holy Ghost. He submit himself to the word of God. Amen. As every believer submit himself the to the word of God. Yes, we respect him. He has a function but he's actually the servant of the people. He's submitting he is actually the servant. Amen. But uh there is no one above the other all at the same level. The holiness the holiness is not reserved only to the pastor. It's not reserved only to the deacon. Amen. It's for everybody. Amen. Prophet says that's why no man can never come along and say the holy man is a pope or the holy man is a bishop or a priest. The holy man is Christ. The holy spirit in us. How dare the the hierarchy declare the lady has no word to say you know you can't say you can't tell me anything you know but pastor you know you preached the other day this way but I read brother when I'm saying something here how can you put that together no you can't say anything I'm when I'm preaching you know I'm under the anointing you can't tell me anything no no no no there there is one above the pastor amen that the holy ghost amen Amen. To submit himself. The pastor does know everything. That does not know everything. He's also under the anointing under submission of the of of the word of God. Says how the ary declare the late has no word to say. Each one has something to say. Each has a work. Each has a ministry. The Holy Ghost came at Pentecost and separated himself on each that it might be fulfilled whereof of Christ said, "At that day you shall know that I am in my father, ye in me, and I in you." Amen. John 14:20. The great I am. The almighty God has come a spirit to fill his true church. He has a right to move anywhere he wants to and upon anybody he wants to. We don't make any holy man among us but the whole true congregation of the Lord is holy. Amen. That's why in the prayer meeting we allow everybody to pray. Everybody to pray because the Holy Ghost is free and can anoint anyone. Amen. It's not only reserved to one person to pray. Amen. All of us we are called to pray because all the congregation is holy by the Holy Spirit. Amen. says the whole true congregation of the Lord is holy and because because of the presence of the Holy Spirit. It is he, the Holy Spirit that is holy, not the congregation of itself. No, it is by the Holy Ghost that the congregation is holy. Amen. A simple question as I think I'll be closing to allow prayer. Simple question. Give me a few minutes. Adam was a son of God created by the word of God. He was a spirit man before he became a flesh man. In fact, his chemical blood was pure because it was a creative blood like I said earlier. But when sin came in, why could not his blood clean him? Why could not the blood of of Adam clean Eve or clean himself? Why? Good question. think it made me think. So why actually if you look there's a lot of similarity of the Lord Jesus Christ was created it was Jesus Christ was virgin born but it was actually the same creative word inside of the womb. So there a lot of similarities but why the prophet doesn't call the blood of Adam the blood of God but he calls the blood of Jesus Christ the blood of God. Revelation 15, unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood. God has made flesh. This is the word washed is actually loosed. Loosed us from our sins in his own blood. God was made flesh and dwelt among us and redeemed us redeemed us unto himself. We are saved by the blood of God. It's not the blood of the Jews. It's not the blood of the Gentiles. It's not the blood of Joseph. is not the blood of Mary is the blood of God himself. The eternal God indwelt a mortal body in order to take away sin. He became the lamb in order to shed his blood and enter into the veil with it. Consider this. Since it is the blood of God, it is perfect blood. Amen. The the blood of Adam was not perfect blood, but the blood of Jesus Christ was perfect blood. If the perfect blood is loosing us from the power and bondage and defilement of sin, then the loosing is also perfect and complete. Amen. I like that. Loosing, separation. I repeat that many times, but it just blows my mind. It's the loosing and the separation from sin. It is perfect and it is complete. Amen. There is now therefore no condemnation who shall lay anything to the charge of elect. Amen. If you look into the blood, what God considers the blood, you look the blood in Leviticus 17, it says, "The life of the flesh is in the blood." So I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls. For it is the blood that makes an atonement for the souls. For it is the life of all flesh. The blood of it is for the life thereof. Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, you shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh. For the life of all flesh is the blood thereof. Whatsoever eat ofth eat shall be cut off. That's what God represents. Say the blood the life is actually in the blood. Amen. You see the life of of Adam was the life of of God in Adam. A portion life of God in Adam. But it was not the perfection. Amen. It was not the fullness of the life of God, but the life of Jesus Christ. It was the fullness of the life of God. All deity was in the Lord Jesus Christ. So when he shed his blood, it was the blood of God himself. Did you know that Adam actually sinned? Amen. Adam sinned. The prophet says Adam sinned. says, "You remember I took Adam and Eve before the world before sin came into the world." You look at Adam, what a beautiful type. Adam and Eve was a type of Christ and in the church. Now remember, Eve did not sin. Adam sinned. Oh wow. That's kind of surprising, right? Usually think, oh, that Eve sinned. Don't prophet says no. God making his promise. Eve did not sin. Adam sinned. That's right. Not Eve. Adam sinned. Not Eve. She was the one who did the act. But Adam done the sinning. The woman was deceived. The Bible say she was deceived. She thought she was right. She thought she was right. Brother Hall used to say she thought she had a new revelation. So know, oh, I have a new revelation. Now I'm going to tell Adam, you know, Adam, this is a new revelation. You know, I got this from from Saber. He told me that this, you know what, that's why we are Adam. No, he knew the word of God. Said, "No, that's not a new revelation. I'm sorry you made a mistake there. But I'm going to do this because I love you. Because I want to redeem you." He knew what he was doing. Eve did not know what she was doing. She was completely deceived. She thought she had a new revelation. the prophecy. She thought she was right, but Adam know it was wrong. Now how look when Adam saw Eve had seen and had done wrong, Adam walked right out, not deceived, but with both eyes open. But he so loved Eve that he took her place in death with her and walked out with her. You know that that exactly what Jesus had done. The church is guilty. The church has sinned. That's right. But Christ come and was made sin. Christ did not sin. Christ was made sin. He was made sin and took the place and walked with his church and condemned sin in the flesh that he might redeem his his bride back to him again. What a beautiful picture, friend. Amen. Though when the bride realizes what the Lord has done for her, she can only say, "You are worthy to be praised, the lamb of God, for redeeming me. Thank you for redeeming me. Thank you for making me part of the redemption. No one could save me like you have saved me. No one could rescue me like you have rescued me. You took my place. You came, you became sin and took me from that place where I was in a type like Adam. But you came, you didn't sin. You knew what you were doing. You gave your life for me and you redeemed me by the blood of God himself. The blood of God himself. 1 Timothy 2:14 says, "And Adam was not deceived, but the woman was was being deceived was in the transgression." Romans 5:12, "Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin, so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned." But the blood of Jesus Christ has restored us. When Adam sinned by heeding to his wife reasoning instead of holding to God's word, that's what made Adam sin, his wife reasoning with Satan and then produced the product to Adam. The prophet says, "Adam turned loose the word and sold out and he lost he lost also his inheritance. When he lost his fellowship and right to life." Remember the day you eat thereof, that day you die. But when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life because he had completely supreme control of the earth. Amen. And then down says, "But couldn't we stop here?" And then he says, "Oh, then if the blood has cleansed it back, what about now? The blood of Jesus Christ brought us back to the level where Adam did not sin. Before the fall, that's where the blood of Jesus Christ is bringing us back before the fall." Amen. Where Adam could have fellowship with God without anything separating between God and them. That's where the blood of Jesus Christ brings us back to. That's what the bleeding word brings us back to. Amen. That we can have fellowship with God. Look what the son of God, the second Adam did. The works that I do shall you shall you also. Adam lost his inheritance, the earth. It passed from his hand to the the one he sold out to Satan. He sold his faith in God. So to Satan's reasoning, therefore is eternal life. His right to the tree of life, his right to the earth belonged to him and he forfeited every bit to the hands of Satan. He passed it from the hand for his hand to Satan. Therefore, now it has been it returned and has been polluted. The seed of Adam has destroyed inheritance of Adam that Adam should have had. That's the earth is talking about the earth is not talking about the the book. The book could not go in the dirty hands of Satan. Had to go back to God. But the earth now is handled by Satan. Amen. But the blood of Jesus Christ brings us back back again to the fellowship with God. Let me read this. It says, but in one last closing glimpse of this chapter, see him as he stands here in the midst of the golden lampstick lampstand with the seven stars in his right hand. It is breathtaking to see him standing there in his supreme deity. He's the judge. He's the priest. He's the king, the eagle, the lamb, the lion, the alpha, the omega, the beginning and the end, the father, the son, the holy ghost. He which was, which is, which is to come, the almighty, the all in all. I've read that many times but the prophet was not saying the same quote. It's not the same quote I'm reading at many different places. He's repeating the same thing to put the emphasis on that is the almighty is the all in all. There he is. He's the author and the finisher. He's the worthy is that lamb. He proved his worth as he bought our salvation by himself. Now he stands in all his power and all his glory with all things committed unto him as a judge. Amen. And in our age we have received the judge. Amen. The one who has the the right wing upon him is the supreme judge among us to settle our case. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Peter, I would invite you to sing softly as I'm closing here. The prophet says the position of seven church ages. Please before he reveals the characteristics of the last age to us, he gives us one final look at his own gracious and supreme deity. This is the capstone revelation of himself. The capstone revelation of himself is the supreme deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's why the Bible says Colossians 1:16, "For by him were all things created, that in heaven and that are on earth, visible and invisible, whether there be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers, all things were created by him and for him is before all things and by him all things consist." Amen. How many can say praise be to God? Amen. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was not made that was made. Have he in the last days spoken unto us by Son whom he had appointed heir of all things by whom also he made all worlds. Amen. He is the omnipotent God. Amen. The alpha and the omega, the first and the last for every situations. And if it omnipotent God, the prophet says, "Don't fear John. Don't fear little flock. All that I am, you are heir to to it. All my power is yours. My omnipotence is yours. As I stand in your midst, I have not come to bring fear and failure, but of love and courage and ability. All power is given unto me and it is yours to use. We are privileged to use the power of God. You speak the word and I will perform it. That is my covenant and I can never fail. Amen. So we are God part in this last age. We are part of God's in this last age. And if he's God omnipotence we can use God says himself in revelation one. He says, "He had made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. He has made us." The prophet says there are certain truths we need to emphasize. This is one of them. This is one of them. He had made us. Salvation is not salvation is not our doing. Salvation is his doing. Salvation is of the Lord all of grace. He redeemed us for a purpose. He bought us for a purpose. We are kings, spiritual kings. We are going to be kings upon the earth with him when he sits on his throne. But now we are spiritual kings and we reign over spiritual kingdom. It says in Romans 5:15, "If by one man's offense death reign by one, how much they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of the righteousness shall reign in life by one Jesus Christ who had delivered us from the power of darkness and had translated us into the kingdom prophecies reign of his dear son. Right now, we reign with Christ having dominion over sin, the world, the flesh, and the devil. So, you can't say, "I am a king," but you're still under dominion of sin. No, under dominion of the flesh, on the dominion of the devil. No. Showing forth his praise and glory, showing for himself, for it is Christ in us, willing and doing of his good pleasure. Yes indeed. Even now we are sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And he has made us priests. Yes, priests unto him. Offering the spiritual praise of sanctified lips. Spending our lives as a sweet offering unto him. Worshiping him in spirit and in truth. Interceding and petitioning priests and kings unto our God. No wonder the world does not appeal to us. And we are peculiar people, zealous unto good works. We have been recreated in him to be children like unto our father. That's why when the opening of the word in revelation 5, you repeat the same scripture in revelation one saying that I've made he has made us kings and priests. When we realize what god has done for you, when you realize who God is and what he has done for you, there is nothing else but praising him and worshiping him. You are worthy, worthy, worthy to be praised. Amen. Let's give a hand to the Lord this evening. I just want you to praise him. I just want you to glorify him. I just want you to put all the emphasis upon him because without him, we are nothing. Nothing. Completely nothing. Amen. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I give you all. I give you praise. is you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your bless your name. Let's stand together. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. In prison chains with bleeding strips all in silence [Music] at night and in their f [Music] began to see the chains were loose. truth and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all and I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. Oh, if you should find my children and in your mind reach out and pray. those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I praise your name. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, I give you all your honor. Give you praise. give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. [Music] Down at the cross where my Savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cry. For there to my heart was the blood of God. Glor worship and listen to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful [Music] my heart was the blood of God. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so Oh, I am so wonderously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within there at the cross where he to glory to his name. Glory gloryy to his glory to his name. Glorious to his mercy and to my heart was the blood of the glories to his name. Oh precious mountain. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in. Oh, Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Oh, glory to his name. Glory, glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. And you my heart was the light of life. Glory to his name. Let's raise our hand. Just praise him your own way. Glorify him. Tell him how much you appreciate what he has done in your life and tell him how great he is. Father, Lord, we thank you this evening. Father, we glorify your name, Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we put in my heart just to raise you and elevate how great you are, Father. Lord, in our lives and what you represent. You are the God Almighty, the Lord Jesus Christ. You are the alpha and the omega. You are the one who said fear not. Oh father, because you are the one who's in control of every situation. Father, we love you. We appreciate you. We thank you because you are the lily of the valley. You are the the bright and morning star. You are father Lord the fairest of 10,000. You are Lord our redeemer, our savior. You are father Lord, the one who died on our behalf. Lord Jesus Christ, we won't we won't belittle you. We won't Father, nothing can take your glory. Nothing can take your place. Father, I praise your name. I glorify you. We made us, Father, kings and priest because you are the great high priest. You are the great king, the king of kings. Father, lord of lord, the almighty savior. Father, you are the omnipotent, the omnisient, the omnipresent. You are the lamb of God. You are the lion of the tribe of Judah. Father, you are you are portion. You are all in all you, Father. We glorify your name. You are the pillar of fire. Lord, you are the great I am. Father, we love you and appreciate you. The God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Israel, the God of Joseph. Father, you are our God. You are our savior. Jehovah, the Old Testament, this the Lord Jesus Christ in the New Testament. Father, we desire to serve you, to love you, to be subject to your word. Father, thank you, Father, because you are our Lord and our Savior. Lord, we desire to serve you with all our heart and be sincere in all the details. Father, we surrender ourselves to you. We give you the glory and the honor. We can never praise you enough, Father. Here we are to say thank you for what you have done in our life. Thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Father, Lord, that you put our shame in the sea of forgetfulness to remember them no more. Father, thank you, Father, for the bride. Thank you for making us part of the redemption. Thank you father for the brothers and sisters. Thank you father for the family of God. Thank you. It is all salvation. It's about you. No one is above any other person. It's about you, the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we thank you for the healing. We thank you for saving our families. We thank you for touching our heart. We thank you for answering to our prayers. Glory to your name this evening, Father. We desire just to say glory to your name. Let your name be praised in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is the great I am. You know that you know that that word the great I am. I think it is a is the tail the glory the alpha omega. The beginning and the end. Yeah, the Lord of glory is the great I am the alpha and only God beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. The prince of peace is the everlasting father throughout it. Once again, he's the Lord, Lord of glory. He's the great I am. He's the Alpha and Omega, the beginning, and the end. His name is wonderful, the prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold the water man. is who he still see. He heals the sick, the lend, and make the blind to see. He opens all the prison doors and sets the captive free. Behold, what man of man is this? What man is this? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. Oh sh. [Music] Oh, his name is wonderful. The prince of peace is he is the everlasting father of eternity. or what manner of is this who spent to another well everlasting life to thee a richer that can tell what so think the well shall live eternally behold what man of man is this what man of man is the Lord of glory he is the great I am the alpha and omega The God beginning and the end is his name is wonderful. The prince of peace is the everlasting father throughout his journey. [Music] Do you love him? Amen. Down from his glory. I just desire to thank him and we praise him this evening if you don't mind. As a way of worshiping him tonight we're going to pray through songs this evening. Amen. Oh, thou from his glory. Oh, ever living story. My God and Savior came. Oh, and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger a man of sorrows tears and let's raise our hands and praise him. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My bre my son. Oh my all in all. The brave creator became my savior and know God's fullness. Dwell in him. What kind? Oh, thank you Lord. bringing us redemption. Not in the dead of night, not one faint hope inside. A gracious tender laid aside his land. Stoop being too wound to win to save my soul once again. Oh, how I love him. Love you, Lord. How I praise adore you glorify your name this evening. My breath, my son glorified my lamb of God in all the king of kings. You are all the great creator became father. Thank you Lord and all God's fullness dwelling in him. Without reluctance, flesh and blood his substance. He took the form of man revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery, sacrifice of calary. [Music] And now I know thou are the great I am. You are the great I am. We believe that. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. [Music] The great creator became my savior. and know God's fullness dwell in. Can we just say together? Lord, we love you, Father. We thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for your grace this evening, Lord. As far way, we can just look to the deity of God. The more we look into that deity of God, Father, the more our troubles become so small in your presence of who you are. The same God of Moses open the sea. The same God, Father, Lord, who could feed all two million people, Father. The same God who answered to the prayer of of Elijah. The same God, Lord, was with Peter as you open the doors. Same God who was with Paul. The same God with Barabana. The same God who saved us. The same God who rescued us, who was changed our life is our Lord Jesus Christ, our husband, the fairest of 10,000. Lord, we appreciate you. We thank you for the work of Calvary in our lives today. Lord, we just want you to focus more on who you are and believe that you are still the great I am, the master of every circumstances. Father, we love you and appreciate you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator became my savior and all god's fullness dwelling in brother Jerry pray for us this evening to close the service. Brother Jerry, pray for pray for us. [Music] Let's just bow to our heavenly father. Almighty God, Lord, it's truly been a privilege and an honor one more time, as we sat at your throne of grace tonight, Lord Jesus, we've heard the songs, we've heard from you, Lord Jesus, through our brother Moses, [Music] and we just want to thank you, Lord, that we have the opportunity come here and worship freely tonight, Lord Jesus. Father, as brothers and sisters in Christ, Lord, for we've come together in one spirit, one body, one accord, thank you, Lord Jesus, for this night you've given us, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your presence tonight, oh Father God. Lord, we just want to express our love to you. Yes, Father. We want to say thank you, Lord, for all you've done. Thank you, Lord. All you're going to do, what you're doing right now. Thank you, Jesus. Bless each ones that's come out tonight, Lord Jesus. May you just give everyone their heart's desire, whatever that may be. Lord, we just want to commit our lives to you, Lord Jesus. We want to be that shining light out of love, Lord Jesus. not out of legalism or dos and don'ts, but Father, that we could truly go out and just express the love that you've put on us, Lord, and we could express it in one another, Lord Jesus. We just want to say thank you, Lord, for this blessed evening. Lord, for the unspoken prayer requests, Lord, there's many out there for our brothers and sisters, for our loved ones, Lord Jesus. We come in the name of almighty God that Lord Jesus Christ we claim every soul oh father God lord that your children oh father god may you reach out to your children Lord Jesus touch each soul oh father god and lord that we could be that person to them that they could come to Lord rather than go into the world lord thank you again for this night lord Jesus may you bless each one tonight oh father god as we go our separate ways. May you grant us travel and mercies, Lord. And Lord, just may you be with us for the remainder of the week. Lord, prepare our hearts and souls for the coming services on Sunday, Lord. Yes. Have your will and way, Lord Jesus. Blessed be your precious, holy name. Your holy name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Thank you, brother Jerry. Bless you richly. Amen. Amen. As we come to God, must believe that he is present tense, the great I am. Amen. God always be there for all of us. Amen. Close with ser with this song. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. [Music] Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he, saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. My God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. God bless you. See you on Sunday. God bless you each day.
