################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2024 12 29 Gideon Gunawan Attitude Determines Altitude - Gideon Gunawan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2024 12 29 Gideon Gunawan Attitude Determines Altitude
Speaker: Gideon Gunawan
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mpd6GWJwKc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I could search for all eternity and find. There is none like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity alone and find there is none like you. Welcome and God bless. As the dear pent as the dear panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my sheep. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit hear. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of the earth. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit hear. [Music] You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does that. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. I just like to welcome brother Dan back. He's been gone for a little bit, but giving him strength. Thank the Lord for that. His voice makes a difference. 1244. voice makes the heavies troubled mind. It's the only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time. When I need him, I know where to find him. In my place of prayer, his spirit hovers near. Oh, his voice gently gives me my direction, and I'll follow one day at a time. Oh, his voice makes the he speaks. He relieves my troubled mind. It's the only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time. Oh, his voice is a strong and mighty tower, tearing down every stronghold in my life. He's the master of the wind and sea that raes. When he speaks, all my darkness turns to light. Oh, his voice makes the difference. When he speaks, he relieves my troubled mind. It's the only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time. I have heard other voices speaking to me to deceive and to lead me astray. Oh, but my shepherd's voice is different than all others. I'm his sheep and I know my shepherd's way. You know his voice makes the he speaks. He relieves my troubled mind. It's the only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time his voice. His voice makes the he speaks. He relieves my troubled mouth. It's the only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time. Oh, his voice is a strong and mighty tower, [Music] tearing down every stronghold in my life. He's the master of the wind and sea that raes. When he speaks, all my darkness turns to life. Let's stand. His voice makes the he speaks. He relieves my troubled mind. The only voice I hear that makes the follow one day at a time. [Music] If you just bow your heads with me, we'll just go to the Lord in prayer. Lord, heavenly father, Lord, we're Lord, thankful, Lord, we can be in your house, Lord, Father. And we're just, Lord, we're thank you. Thankful, Lord, for this season, Lord. So Lord, this is Lord one time Lord where when the world doesn't know it Lord they're they're worshiping you Lord. Lord, they've they've rallied together, Lord, for a purpose, Lord. And that purpose was, Lord, to see the coming, Lord of the Lord. And Lord, and we've seen that, Lord, and we just we thank you, Lord. Lord, there's there's no written request here, Lord, but but Lord, we we bring brother Lord Dan before you, Lord, once more, Lord. Give him strength, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that he's you've given him strength, Lord, to come to service, Lord. Would you bless him, Lord, for that, Lord? Lord, abide in his body, Lord. Lord, we we speak healing, Lord. We give him healing, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. According to your word, Lord, according Lord, to the the power, Lord, you put in us, Lord, we give him healing. Father, we Lord, we ask, Lord, that just once more, Lord, you meet with us, Lord. Once more, Lord, you you'd come into these houses, Lord, into these vessels, Lord, of clay, Lord. Lord, you'd abide here with us, Lord, and speak to us, Lord, and Father, commune with us, Lord. Father, you're Lord, this season is all all about, Lord, you you coming, Lord. And it wasn't for Lord, it wasn't for no reason, Lord. It was, Lord, that you could dwell here with us, Lord, that all that you were, Lord, could be poured in into Jesus. And all that Christ was, Lord, you could pour into us. And Father, we want to be, Lord, empty vessels ready, Lord, to be filled, Lord, and poured out and Lord, and filled and poured out. And Father, would you, Lord, be with us, Lord, who can make it, Lord, those, Lord, that are traveling, Lord. Thank you Lord for Lord that you've kept us all safe Lord that we can come together once more father Lord bless the sound Lord bless the speaker Lord bless the hearers Lord we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name amen you can greet one another [Music] [Music] And uh just as you're you're finding your seats, uh we just have the the announcements up here. [Music] So this uh this coming uh Tuesday, December 31st is the December 31st is we'll have service here this evening or in the evening. Uh and then uh fellowship following and uh brothers and sister Anita subs and then uh January 1 is canled and then uh the next Sunday is uh brother Moses is going to be with us. Uh and just as a reminder for uh for your donations or tithing uh December 31st of this year's the cut off for for this year. So anything else will be put over to next year. 278. This world is not my home. World is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beck in me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beck in me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven's door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me of heaven's open door and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Lord, oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels back in me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. 963. Step into the water. [Music] Step into the water. Wait out a little bit deeper. Wet your feet in the waters of his love. Oh, step into the water. Wait a little bit deeper. Come join angels singing praises to the lamb of God. It's time we the people stand up for what is right. It's time we squared our shoulders back and raised our swords to fight. For the Bible is our weapon and the spirit is our shield. The church needs more of its members to be workers in its feet. Oh, step into the water. Wait out a little bit deeper. Swatch your feet in the waters of his love. Oh, step into the water. Wait a little bit deeper. Come join angels singing praises to the lamb of God. There's victory for the Christian who walks the narrow way. There's been a prize appointed for the soul who does not stray. Oh, I want to live for Jesus. Be all that I should be. So let our glory never and live eternally. Oh, step into the water. Wait a little bit deeper. Wet your feet in the waters of his love. Oh, step into the water. Wait out a little bit deeper. Angels sing praises to the lamb of God. There's victory for the Christian who walks the narrow way. There's been a prize appointed for the soul who does not stray. Oh, I want to live for Jesus. Be all that I should be so that I can rest with him forever. Live eternally. Oh, step into the water. Wait a little bit deeper. Wet your feet in the waters of his love. Oh, step into the water. Wait a little bit deeper. Come join angels singing praises to the lamb of God. [Music] Standing on the promises 322 332 32 brothers a good I'm standing on the promise. promises of Christ my king through eternal ages. Let his praises ring. Glory in the highest. I will shout and sing on the promises of God. Standing [Music] standing on the promises of God my Savior. Standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises that cannot fail. When the howling storms of doubt and fear say yes. Amen. By the living word of God, it shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. [Music] Standing standing standing on the promises of God my savior. Standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises I now can see. Perfect present cleansing in the blood. Praise God. A standing in the liberty where Christ made free. Standing on the promises of God. I'm standing. Yes, Lord. Standing. Standing on the promises of God, my savior. Hallelujah. Standing. [Applause] I'm standing on the promises of God. Praise the Lord. Are you standing on the promises of God? The Lord made us a lot of promises and the great one is he's coming back again. He made that promise to us and we we're waiting anxiously for him to come back again. Hallelujah. Praise God. Are you happy to be in church this morning? I heard you had some good services or some good service on Sunday, Brother Gilbert. Amen. Was Brother Gilbert. Was the Lord Jesus here? Amen. speaking to us through his word. And you know, his voice does make a difference. We sang about his voice. His voice makes the difference. When we hear him, through the man that makes the difference. So that's what we want to hear this morning. Hallelujah. Praise God. We're so happy to have a a a new piano player here with us. Amen. A drummer boy. Isn't he doing good? Amen. Let's give him an applause. Amen. God bless them. Thank you for coming. Amen. Thank you for brother Gideon that he's here with us. Amen. We we love our brother Gideon. He's a precious brother to us, right? Amen. How many can say amen? Can't you do a little bit better? Oh, that's better. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We want to welcome everyone to the service. Amen. There's a few missing, but praise God. Amen. They're all part of the body, right? Can you say amen? Hallelujah. So, and there's some more coming in. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. What chorus can we sing, brother? Another chorus. He abides. He abides. He abides. That's a good one. Yeah. Bible. Oh, he abides. Someone the comforter abides in me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way. For the hand of God, it all my life I see. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is it. Let the comforter abides with [Music] He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk in the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace with it. I heard how Jesus died of the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abide with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. The comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and justice free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the dare away. For the comforter abides with me. We'll sing it one more time. But before I we sing it, we want to thank, you know, we all know who the comforter is, right? How many know that's the spirit of Jesus Christ? It's the Lord himself amongst us. Can you say amen? We're so happy. I know we all already welcomed our brother Dan and sister Sophie. We're so happy to see them. Amen. What a wonderful sight that is. And of course, our brother Scott, too. Amen. Hallelujah. We thank the Lord that he answered our prayer. I said, "Lord, bring him back to us again. We want to see him in the church service again." He had such a desire to be here. Amen. He always wanted to put his suit on and come this way. Amen. They restrained him, but but here he is this morning without a suit. Amen. He's got a sweater on this morning, but praise the Lord, he's here. Hello. He abides, brother Dad. Amen. He never left you. He never leaves us. He abides with us forever. Praise God. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day. Thank you, Lord. Yes, I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Why don't we raise our hand and thank the Lord? Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, this morning we're here to praise your name. We're here to hear your voice, Lord Jesus. Your voice makes the difference. And we thank you for that, Lord, for that voice that has sounded out. It wasn't only Brother Brandham's voice. It was your voice. It wasn't the preacher's voice. It was your voice that we hear, Lord. A voice through a voice. And we thank you for that this morning. Praise your wonderful name. Thank you that we can be here. Thank you for the saints of God that have gathered together in unity and in faith trusting in your mercies. We love you. Can we I love you Jesus. Oh Lord, we love you with all our hearts. Oh God, may the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ just be amongst us. And may there be no hindrance in the name of Jesus Christ. We cast out every spirit that would be opposing the word. In the name of Jesus we pray. Amen. Let's sing that chorus one more time and then our brother will come. Brother Amen. Come, brother Gideon. Amen. Oh, he abides. Oh yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I am rejoicing night and day as I walk in the narrow way. Oh, the comforter abides with me. I was just looking looking around and some of us are singing half-heartedly. And do you realize he abides with us? He abides with us every day. Hallelujah. Let's sing it one more time. And let's sing it all together with to the Lord Jesus with all of our Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides. Bless you. Bless you. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the way for the comforter abides. Let's sing. He abides in me. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter. Does he really abide? Let's sing it again. Where He abides. Oh, He abides. Hallelujah. He abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing as I walk the narrow way for the comfort to abide in me. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's stand together and greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this morning. Am I on? We're good. Can you hear me? Is anybody out there? Okay, that's good. That's good. Amen. Just greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And man, it's wonderful to be with you again. And and uh it it sounds like our brother Dan's been a while. And so I feel honored that you're here. Amen. And to that I get to minister this morning and be in the service with you. Amen. But we're happy to be together. Amen. And I trust that um you all had a nice Christmas. I hope you realize that you are Christmas. Amen. You are Christmas. Because friends, if there were to be a nativity scene out in front of your church there, I trust you would be in there. Because the word has been born in your manger and you have actually become the Christ to this age. Amen. I I trust that friends, Christ was born again, friends, in the believer. Amen. The world wants to keep him in a manger. But you know why? Because friends, he doesn't say nothing. He doesn't speak against their sin. Oh, he's just a cute little baby. But friends, he grew up, amen, to be a savior and he had something to say. And friends, I'm thankful friends that we heard a message in this hour and that he is not, he's coming, but he has actually come. Amen. In a word, Amen. in and the word coming of of Christ. Amen. In Revelations 10. And we believe it. And we believe that he's here. And it's already been said that Amen. I believe by brother Andrew that, you know, all that was in God, he poured into Christ. But it didn't stop there. Aren't you thankful for that, friends? All that was in Christ, he's poured into his bride. And here you are. What a wonderful thing, friends. Amen. To look and to see the reality of God's word being made manifest in our day. And not just out there or outside there. But friends, I'm looking at the manifestation of the word in front of me. My goodness, friends, we ought to be the happiest people on the face of this earth, friends. Amen. When we look at Christmas friends, I I can say merry Christmas because I really know amen. The meaning of Christmas friends, the real spirit of Christmas is the Holy Ghost, the spirit of God in a believer. My we can we can have joy. Amen. Joy bells in our heart. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. I I just we just love him and we just let's just approach him and ask God's blessing as we just approach the word. Father, we worship you this morning, Lord. I know we've passed Christmas, Lord, but a prophet of God would say, Lord, we don't celebrate Christmas. It's a day of worship where we come and we consecrate ourselves to you and bow before you in worship, Lord Jesus. And Father, we love you, Father. We thank you for this opportunity that we have, Lord, this morning. We don't want to pass it by, Lord. We don't want to, Lord, miss, Lord, this opportunity that lays before us. Father, I know you're going to do something this morning, Lord. Father, I believe, Lord, that you're going to do something real special, Father, this morning, God. I come with an expectation in my heart, Lord. Father, and sometimes we come, Lord, I know we come, Lord, with things on our mind. We come with different feelings and different expectations, Lord. But Lord, may we be able to you, Lord, just now, Lord, focus our minds, Lord, and on you, Lord, and just yield ourselves, Father. Not just the speaker, Lord, but Father, the body of believers that are here, Lord. Lord, there's enough power here, Lord, to turn to create worlds. There's enough power, Lord, in this room that nobody would have to leave sick, Lord. There's enough power in here, Lord, that Lord, our bodies could be transformed, Lord. Our our our minds could be transformed, Lord. Our situations could be changed, Lord, if we'll just believe, Lord, and focus on you, Lord, and come with the right attitude, Lord. Help us, Lord, this morning, Lord. Not just me, Lord. Father, let the let the saints Lord realize, Lord, that they operate the gift, Lord. And Father, Lord, if we can just get in one mind and one accord, Lord, you will do the unspeakable. You'll do the unthinkable, Lord. You will do the exceeding abundant, Lord, above anything that we could ask or think, Lord, to what we're thinking, Lord. You can do more than that, Lord. What I've expected for this morning, Lord, you can do more than that, Lord. And so, Lord, we're calling you on the scene, Lord. Father, to come and speak to us, Lord, and move amongst us and Lord. And let this service, Lord, just be a springboard into a new year, Lord. Father, where we have renewed vision, Lord, Father, a renewed, Lord, fervor, a renewed zeal, Lord, a renewed fire in our soul, oh God, to serve you in a greater way, Lord. Grant we pray. Bless this congregation, Father. Bless, Lord, its pastor and Lord, the officers, Lord, and everyone, Lord, from young to old, Lord. Lord, from the newborn, Lord, to the old, Lord Jesus. We just pray that your blessing would just be upon this body of believers, Lord. And bless them, Lord, with revelation. Bless them, Lord Jesus, with uncction, Lord. Bless them, Father. Lord, with an anointing, oh God, a refilling, Lord, the dynamics, Lord, on the mechanics, Lord. Oh, everything, Lord Jesus. We ask your blessing, Father. Bless the word now as we read it and as we speak of it, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. That's all the singing will do. If you turn with me to James chapter 4, James chapter 4. I don't have very many slides, but I usually have the clicker, but I can just tell you when it's I don't have that very many. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm feeling good this morning. Amen. Not just in my flesh, but in my soul. Amen. The prophet of God said, "I'm always happy." And you, man, you read the You read the message. I like, man, he talked about having the blues and being down, but he said, "I'm always happy in my soul." Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. So, I trust friends, it don't matter how we come this morning. We might come discouraged, under deep trials, and Amen. things on our mind, you know, but friends, in your soul, you're really happy. You've got the joy of the Lord. Amen. And the joy of the Lord is your strength. So, let loose to it. And may may the strength of the Holy Spirit just move in this service. Let's read it together. James 4 verse 10. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord and he shall lift you up. Now, I'm going to say like brother Zeg, some of you need to get into the service this morning. Amen. So, let's read it together. Amen. Chapter 4, verse 10. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord and he shall lift you up. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Give Let's give us the the next um slide if you don't mind. My my thought this morning is attitude determines altitude. Now, that's right. Amen. I I trust that I'm speaking to eagles this morning. Amen. And friends, eagles are born to fly. Eagles are not born to mope around on the ground. Amen. We're not chickens. Come on now, friends. Amen. We're not chickens, friends. Chickens have wings. They pretend to fly. Amen. They flap their wings real high, but real real hard, but they only get about a couple feet maybe off the ground. Amen. But you were not born, friends, to cluck around and peck at your brother and sister. Amen. That's what chickens do, friends. Right. Amen. With chickens, when when they smell blood or whatever, Amen. I hear that they peck at one another and they talk about this and they've always got their head down looking for the next thing on the ground. But friends, we're we are eagles. Amen. We were born, Amen. to live higher, much higher than just on the ground, friends, and to be tied down to the things of the earth. Amen. So, I trust I'm I'm speaking to eagles this morning. And eagles, friends, were born to fly. And not only to fly at a certain level, friends, crows can fly. A hawk can fly. Amen. But it can't fly as high as an eagle. You were predestinated, friends. Amen. To fly at a height. Amen. That's higher than any other age. Amen. Any other denominational bird. Amen. You were born to fly in the heights. What is your position in Christ, friends? What did the prophet of God teach us that our position in Christ is? It's in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. How many's living in the predestinated place? Hallelujah. Now I I just pray that Amen. Our our our our altitude Amen. will take a little higher. Amen. This morning because all we need to do, friends, is just stretch your wings. Amen. And and find that as that draft of faith is coming through the room. Amen. To just stretch your wings, say, "Lord, that's for me." And move into a higher altitude. It's going to be your attitude, friends. Amen. proving his word. Brother Brandham says it's your approach. The attitude is what it takes. And that's what it is tonight. And may I say this morning, dear friend, it takes the attitude. We are and we believe that we are in the presence of Jesus Christ. How many believe friends that we're in the presence of Jesus Christ this morning that but it's your attitude that brings the results. So what that tells me friends is we can be in his presence. He can be in this room, but it's our attitude that will actually bring the results. He says the mechanics is here, the word, and so is the dynamics. If you can just get started, God will do the rest. Well, praise be to God. Amen. That's good news this morning, friends. If we can just get started, if we'll just allow him. Amen. The mechanics are here. We've got the mechanics. The dynamics of the Holy Ghost is here, friends. Amen. that we can just get started and let him. If we can just let go and let God. How many just like to let go and let God then he'll do the rest. So I pray friends that we can just go a little higher this morning. Next slide please brother. Attitude in the dictionary actually is a noun that means the manner or disposition or feeling or position with regard to a person or a thing or a tendency or an orientation especially of the mind. So our attitude is our feeling or our disposition towards a person or a thing. Now don't don't think all carnally now friends because the first thing we think about oh that's my feeling towards so and so and my feeling towards this church and that church and that group of people whatever but think spiritually friends. Amen. What's your feeling and your disposition and your your your your um tendency orientation of your mind towards God's word? What's your what's your mind? Amen. Towards what God has promised. Amen. Because friends, we we have also this tendency towards God's word. Well, it it might not work, right? Amen. We see the promise of God. I mean, we see the promise of God. Oh, he's my he's my peace. He's my joy. Oh, but it will it work? We have that kind of an attitude. It's of doubt, actually. Right. Amen. But friends, Amen. Oh, I I'll ask, but I I don't know if I'll get it. Be sure you won't get it. If we approach with that kind of an attitude, I I don't know if it's going to work. I know he says he's my healer, but but but we won't get it. It's our attitude. And the angel of the Lord, Brother Bram says, "Tonight, I want to speak to you about the angel of the Lord, and it's just as true, friends. I can't make you believe it. You see, I can only speak what's truth." Watch this. And your attitude towards it will determine the success it'll be for you. For you. You see? So friends, the Holy Spirit, the angel of the Lord can be here and meet needs and meet this person's need and meet that person's need because of their attitude. Amen. But we can be sitting right in the same service and feel nothing and get nothing and leave worse. Why? Because our attitude, God help us. Watch this. Watch what attitude will do. Now remember, attitude determines our altitude. How high we're going to fly. Now watch this. In Jehovah Gyra, brother Bram says, "Just keep praying, raising your hands." Now he's at the end of the service. Watch this. Now, oh, he says, "That's wonderful. I'm just watching the Holy Spirit." You know, friends, something is happening. Your attitude towards Christ has brought the anointing of the Holy Ghost upon me. It was actually their attitude, amen, that be to anoint the prophet of God. He was a prophet the whole time, friends. The gift of discernment was on him. He's all Malachi 4 the whole time. He was Revelations 10:7 the whole time. Amen. But actually, their attitude towards that gift brought the anointing of the Holy Ghost. And guess what happened? Visions started happening. Healing started happening. Come on, friends. Amen. It's the same God this morning, friends, that's here in this building. If our attitude towards the Holy Ghost will be right, Amen. the anointing of the Holy Ghost will come upon this service and we will leave changed. Hallelujah. What's our attitude, friends? Because we can come in. We can come in, friends. I I bet your attitude would have been a little different if brother Brandon was the speaker this morning. We would have come a little different. What if Jesus was here? My we would just be on the edge of our seat. But let me present to you that Jesus is here. He just did not come in the form of a of a Galilean man dressed like a Jew and oh come with shoulder length hair. He didn't come that way. He come in a 5'6. Amen. Asian brother. He's still the same though in expectation. Brother Bram says we always get what we expect. When people expect anything, well then they usually get what you look for. So I I trust you come friends expecting God to move. We should come that way every service. That's the trouble sometimes, friends. We lay it all on the preacher. We lay it all on the musicians. Well, there's no musicians today, so I guess the ser the the song service won't be as good. That's our expectation. That's our attitude towards it. Help us, Lord. Is my Oh, friends, I get affected by that, too. Amen. But watch this. Amen. What we friends, if we come expecting to criticize, you know what the prophet said? Oh, he the devil will will give you plenty to criticize. my so and so's singing too loud and the the timing's off and this and that and brother so and so's shouting too loud and preacher's yelling too loud and the sound's not right and they're getting feedback on this or he'll give you plenty to criticize but you know what the prophet of God said but if you come expecting to be blessed God will see to it hallelujah praise be to God it's the mental attitude that you have remember this and ever forget it. Now he's saying, remember, don't forget it. Don't forget this. The right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass. The right mental attitude towards any promise of God. Identify the promise you have need of this morning. Identify the promise that you've been looking towards. Oh, I'm looking towards that. And I'm looking towards my my my my child or my loved one or my husband or my wife or my healing, whatever it is, friends, the right mental attitude towards that. Oh, that's the truth. That's the truth, Lord. That's for me. Amen. Will bring it to pass. That's what a vindicated prophet of God said. So, let's check our attitude this morning, friends. What is our attitude towards God and his promise? Because let me say this, friends. Sometimes we do get disappointed in God. We do. Sometimes we even get angry and bitter against God. You say, "Yes, we do." Amen. You might be because of what's happening in your life or it seems like your prayers aren't being answered or it feels like you're not getting through and he's not speaking to you. Don't worry, friends. You're not alone. The prophet of God himself said, "He, I feel like an orphan. He hasn't spoken to me in whatever time. So friends, sometimes it seems like he's silent. But friends, let me remind you. He has never left you. He's not forsaken you. You're still a child of God. You are still his child, friends. And he loves you. Let me say this, friends. He has always loved you. Amen. I've heard it said this way. Amen. That he has loved you with a 10 out of 10. Hallelujah. Before the foundation of the world, when you were a sinner, when you were a low down sinner, he loved you a 10 out of 10. When you got saved, he loved you a 10 out of 10. When you started serving him, he loved you a 10 out of 10. When you failed him after you gave your heart to the Lord, he loves you a 10 out of 10. That's elective love, friends. It's not a human love. We love one another on a scale. Well, this so and so did this for me and they gave me a compliment. They like they shook my hand today. I love them and Eve out of out of 10 now. No, it's not that kind of friends kind of love God loves you with. He loved you before the foundation of the world. He chose you. You're still his this morning. The right mental attitude because you know what? Sometimes we're like little kids. You know, God God wants us to be like little children in in our faith, right? To have childlike faith. But sometimes like we're like a kid when we don't get what we want. What do we do? What do kids do? They pout. Yeah. They pout. They stomp their feet a little bit. And we get like that cuz we're not quite getting it the way we want it, right? Guess what God does? He just lets you pow a little while. You remember the prophet of God? Let me give you an example. So you remember when that when that young lady, right, she she was she was having a baby. She had this septasemia or whatever. Amen. Brother Brown come and started praying for her and oh and and and and she started getting better and and but through that her her I believe her mother came back to the Lord. And brother Brown talks about their family, you know, they were kind of the type of family that would come and go and when things were going good, they'd be in church and when things were bad, they wouldn't be in church. Anyways, that was the kind of family they were. Amen. But through the sickness, Amen. Their family started coming back to the Lord, repenting and coming back to the Lord. And oh, it was a wonderful time. Amen. And she and and remember that one night in the hospital bed. Amen. She started to say to her mom, "Oh, mom, I'm going home." Right? And the mom said, "Yes, dear. Yes, dear. They'll be letting discharging you from the hospital in a couple days." "Oh, no, mom. I'm going home." And that night, she passed away. Right? And brother Brandham was distraught because you know the the family had been giving their heart to the Lord and she seemed to be getting better and what all of a sudden she dies and in that moment he said Lord you owe me an an understanding wrong attitude our prophet. So we can get the wrong attitude friends as children of God. You know what he said? He said, "The L God let me pout it out for a couple days." And in fact, it was a couple months or weeks or whatever it was, a period of time before God showed him a vision that she should have died in some creek there before, right? But she wasn't ready. So when her heart was right, that he could take her. But it wasn't until brother Brandon got his heart right, his attitude in the right place till God could show him. So sometimes friends, you might wonder, why ain't God showing me things? Why ain't I seem to be getting higher in my experience? Check your attitude. I hope that's okay. Hallelujah. Praise be to the Lord. Amen. What else does that word mean? Let's go to the next slide if you don't mind. Attitude is your position or posture of the body appropriate to or expressive of an action or an emotion. Attitude. You know what I'm talking about, right? You can just sense that attitude coming off somebody. They don't have to say a thing. You all know what I'm talking about. Brother Zigg probably knows. Oh my. You can just see somebody I mean sitting in their chair and there's just like my they're just slouch in their chair and they ain't amening no matter what you say. Oh my. Hallelujah. But contrast that to that's right. Amen. That's a different attitude towards the word. You see friends, we we we make it so carnal. Well, I I'll enter in because it's so and so. I'll enter the ser song service because it's so and so. Oh, come on, friends. We're just as carnal as can be, friends. I'm like you, too. I live in the same kind of flesh that you do. That old broken down, Amen. fallen flesh that that is a respector of persons. But God is no respector of persons this morning, friends. And he's going to speak to you this morning, friends. I trust that we can just open up our hearts to him. Hallelujah. Now this last definition of attitude I actually didn't know of before I started studying on this but it's the next slide here it's it's related to aeronautics so the way an airplane in aeronautics attitude refers to the orientation of an aircraft in relation to a reference frame typically the horizon or the earth's surface is defined by three rotational angles. So pitch, right? Roll and yaw, right? So in a three-dimensional. So, so if we took this to the spiritual, does it really mean that our attitude determines our position in Christ? I would present to you that it does. The position, you see, the attitude of an aircraft is actually its position in the air. The way it's positioned. Amen. And watch this now. The next slide. I'm getting through all my slides right quick here, but this is what we're talking about here, right? Is the pitch is the position of the nose. Is it up? Is it down? Is it going up or down? Amen. The roll is the wings are they going this way or that way? Yaw is like that. Now, why is this important? Why is this important? Now, because you know, brother Brandham, you know, he talks about so many times he says, now your attitude will determine your eternal destination. Your attitude towards the word, your attitude towards Christ determines your eternal destination. I thought, my goodness, because the attitude of this of this airplane, Amen. It will determine where it ends up. So, watch this now. So, how high it flies, right? Whether it's it gets to its intended destination, and it determines how sick anyone that's on there gets. Because it's just rolling and turning and up and down and all over the place. Friends, that's it's going to be hard to keep things down down to where it should be. That's why they have those bags, right? In airplanes, we have too much turbulence, right? You get sick. Amen. But watch this. Why is attitude important in in aeronautics? Stability and control. See, pilots must maintain the correct attitude for stable and safe flight. Now, think spiritually. Sometimes we wonder why our lives are so up and down and why we're we're turning upside down and here and there and we're just twisting all over the place. Check your attitude. Now, I found this really interesting. Next slide. Instrumentation. Pilots rely on the attitude indicator. It's actually an instrument. You've seen this maybe right in airplanes, but this is what a pilot would use to to understand its orientation. You see the brown is the earth and the blue is the sky and right where it's at there, it's level. It's right on the ground. So that's its orientation. And and actually that instrument is a gyroscope. So depending on the position, it'll twist and turn and you can see. And now think spiritually now if God is looking at your attitude indicator this morning, Guess what, friends? If that's all brown, it's all full of the earth. It's all full of the world. Guess where you're going? You're going down. Hello. But friends, if you're going up, guess what you see? All you see is blue. You don't see no earth. You don't see no world. Worldliness is gone. Oh, and we think worldliness is smoking. And I got rid of that. I I I don't drink. I don't smoke. I don't swear. I don't tell dirty jokes. You know what worldliness actually is, friends. Amen. It's the cares of this life. Amen. The care. What do they It chokes us, friends. Amen. How many have been affected by the world? I have. Amen. We need to get out of this world. Amen. We need to change our attitude that friends, it looks like this and all we see is the sky, the blue sky of the heavenlies. That's why the Bible says, "Set your affections on things above, not things on the earth." Yes, that's the truth. Now, Brother Bram says, "In the hour has come." Now, the right mental attitude. All you along here, do you understand what I mean when I say the right mental attitude? Your right mental attitude towards God divine God's divine promise will bring any promise to pass. Now maybe you don't believe that. You say, "Well, my faith is weak. I wouldn't confess it." Come on, brother. I wouldn't confess it. We might think it. The devil might even put it in your thoughts, but don't confess it. See, don't let the devil know that. Always say, "I've got good faith." Let's say it this morning. I've got good faith. I'm a child of God. I'm going in a rapture. Amen. Oh, he says, "I believe God with all my heart." You see, don't testify nothing of the devil. Then we're testifying, we're speaking his language, right? Amen. We don't speak the devil's language. We speak the queen's language. the queen of heaven language. It says all things are possible. God is of able. He's more than able. Don't testify nothing of the devil. And when you accept him as your healer, watch this. Don't never act like you're sick or crippled anymore. Whoa. Hallelujah. Or when you accept him as your healer, don't never act like you're sick. Amen. Oh, but I got this pain. Amen. Don't let them know that. Hallelujah. Because you know what happens, friends? I woke up this morning with a headache. It's gone. Yeah, it's gone. Amen. But we can wake up, oh, oh, I don't think I can go to church today. Oh, the devil sees that. I'm going to just pour it on even more. Oh, yeah. I'll just pour it on. pour it on. Amen. But what if we said, "Oh, I feel good. Victory is mine." And your body is saying exactly the opposite. So then in your mind, and then the devil says, "You're lying. You're lying." You're not lying. No way. Because the Bible says, "Amen." Jesus said, "Let every man's word be a lie and mine be the truth." What does his word say? His word says, "I'm the Lord that health all thy diseases." That's the truth. If that's the truth, I'm healed. I'm well. I'm happy. I'm the bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Believe that you're healed. Take him at his word. Then it's all over on God. Then can I read that again? Take him at his word. Then it's all over on God. Then the thing about it is friends is we try to take it on when there's things in our h in our home in our life. Oh, I can control it. I can do it. I just got to work more to get out of this financial situation. I just got to do more. I just got to do that. I got to No. Give it on to God. Hallelujah. Praise be in the name of the Lord. See? Oh, then it's all over on God then and not on you. See, as long as you take God at his word, then the word will produce what it promised to do. The word will do what it promised if we'll have the right mental attitude towards it. We'll believe it. All he asks is for us to believe it and believe that it's for you. That's many times the problem, friends. We believe it. Oh yes, God's word is true for so and so. God's word is true for brother Brandham. God's word is true for brother Zigg. But what about you? What about you? That you're an overcomer. Hallelujah. That every devil is under your feet. Yes, sir. Oh, let let us just grasp onto it. Friends, I I encourage you, friends, if there's just a twinge of Yeah, that's the truth. Clutch onto it. That's God. Amen. trying to inject himself into your soul. Amen. To give you that faith and anoint the faith that's already in you. You realize, friends, that faith is actually unconscious because we think, "Oh, I got to feel it. I got to feel that super anointing." You've already You've already been anointed. You see, David had already been anointed before he met Goliath. He had already been anointed. It didn't matter if he felt like he was an overcomer when he went to meet Goliath. He was an overcomer. It's not based on feelings, friends. Let's stop basing our experience on feelings. It's not if you feel like it's right. It is right. God's word is right. Whether we feel like it or not. I don't feel like worshiping. Worship him anyway. He's worthy of it. It don't matter how we feel, friends. He's worthy anyhow. our attitude, friends. Oh, but let me let me tell you this friends. Amen. If if God would require something of us, if he requires us to sacrifice, wouldn't he sacrifice himself? He did. He wouldn't ask us to do anything that he has not done himself or he's willing to do himself. He asked us to sacrifice. He asked us to be obedient. He was obedient even unto death, even to the cross. So if he asked us to have the right attitude, what kind of attitude do you think he has? The right attitude. And I've got good news for you this morning, friends. His attitude towards you has already determined your altitude. Did you catch that? His attitude towards you has already determined your altitude. He chose that you would be bride. He chose that you would live in the golden age of Leadyia and overcome it and fly above it. His attitude towards you, friends, is that he chose you before the foundation of the world to be an overcomer. He chose you. He already seen in his mind. Amen. That you would overcome those demons that you feel like you're struggling so much with. He already thought his attitude towards you is you can fly above that. I made you. I gave you every capability. Amen. to overcome that demon of lust, that demon of depression. Come on. That demon of whatever, friends, greater is he that's in you. What's our attitude towards that this morning? I say amen. I say that's nothing but the truth. Glory be to God. You know friends, when you look at at the natural eagle friends, that mama eagle friend, she's got a she's got an attitude towards her little eaglet that they are going to fly. But you know when they're first born, oh, she just makes that nest all comfy, right? She she lines it with that rabbit fur. Oh, just warm and fuzzy and oh, that's so nice. And that's how it feels when we first come to the Lord, when we're first born. into the nest of the message. And friends, let me say this. Friends, when you were born into the message, you young people, the the the children and ones that have been born into message families, you know where the eagle puts its nest, high up in the cliff of the rock, where the foxes and the predators can't get to. You're already born high. But that is not your predestinated position. No. Are you hearing me? Oh, because we think, "Oh, we're in the message. We're not in a denomination. We're not in the world. I never did this. I never did that. I'm flying high. Oh, I'm living high. You were just born there. God has something even higher for you. That's why the the the mama eagle at some point cuz in her mind, her attitude is this is not their predestinated position in the nest, even though it's high up. So, what does she do? She starts ripping out that that comfort fur. She starts ripping it out. And the eagle is saying, "Mama, what are you doing? What's going on? What's going on? Church ain't as comfortable as it was. Oh, poke here, poke there. This is going wrong. So and so doesn't smile at me anymore. Oh, all these things." And you wonder why? Why? Why? Like those little eiglets. Why? Why? This was so nice, mama. You brought the food to me. I just opened my mouth. Oh, life was so grand. This Christian life was so grand until you ruined it. God allows the trials. God allows, you know, hurts. Poke here, poke there. Oh, so and so offended me. Oh, there's a reason. Don't get discouraged. Hallelujah. Oh, because they Oh, I'm enjoy my salvation. God lets you enjoy that for a while, right? Oh, he just lets you. Oh, everything is just heavenly. Oh, everyone in the church are angels. And then everyone stays angels. If we can just see with with with spiritual eyes. Oh, but friends, those little eagles, they ah ah ah but but remember her vision right of them is them flying. So she starts ripping out that fur and you know what she does? She takes her wings and she starts and oh they start they start experiencing that rushing mighty wind for the first time. But it's and it's blowing out those old worldly feathers and all those things and all the things of the world is blowing off of them. Oh, but the dust and the dirt from the nest is getting in there. Hey, M. What are you doing? I'm just preparing you for something greater. But I like where I'm at. I like just coming to church. I like just living my religion on Sunday. I got something greater for you. You're not asking me to move a little higher. Yes, I am. God's attitude is you're born to fly. You were born to be in the heavenlies. I'm not satisfied with you just being a message believer. Hallelujah. I made you an overcomer. I made you the final voice to the final age. So what does he do? He makes things uncomfortable. He brings on trials. He brings on tests and we wonder why. Why? Why? He wants you to fly higher. The eagle and nest. Oh, you can say I got my name on the book, but have you ever soared the heavenly? Hallelujah. Now, the chicken knows not what the eagle's talking about. Amen. I don't There's no chickens here. I trust. Amen. But a chicken is just is just satisfied with going to church. I go to church. I go to restored word. Brother Zigg is my pastor. I believe in Malachi 4. You can still be a chicken and say that. Amen. Yeah. Now, the chicken knows not what the eagle's talking about, but the mother eagle is certainly decided because she's a real mother. And she decides that her babies will not walk like chickens. I'm talking about her attitude. This is God's attitude towards his children. She will not have you walk like a chicken. So, she watches them until they fully feather out. She watches over them. And then one day she decides it's time to change the position. I'm so glad that God don't keep us stale. He's got something new all the time. Just one blessing after another. Oh, hallelujah. Sometimes it don't feel like a blessing because it's just trial after trial, test after test, trial after trial, test after test. Right? You all know what I'm talking about. What friends? Amen. It's for a purpose. God has in his mind to develop a character in you that's fit to rule. You see character, Amen. Apart, Amen. Amen. What is it? What is it? Power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is what? Fit to rule. That's what the prophet of God said. Amen. We need character. And character is not is not Amen. a gift. How many you know I'm quoting from the church age book. Character is not a gift. God just doesn't give it to you. He gives you the Holy Ghost. It's a gift. Amen. But your character, friends, is a victory. And it only comes by suffering. Oh, no. I didn't want to hear that. But you want character. You want something to take out of this world. Then God will give you testing. He'll give you trials. He'll let someone rub you the wrong way and say something offensive to you. It's just for your character. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Give me the strength. Give me the power to overcome that." Amen. Oh, she flies in and they have a mighty rushing wind. They never felt it before because they were born in the cliff of the rock. Why? They're eagles. But God changes it. He gives them something new. And as the church was born in the cliff of the rock, we cannot be satisfied there. Amen. We were born in the cliff of the rock. We were born as it were in a message. We were born into a mystical body of Christ. Amen. But we are not. We cannot be satisfied there. Don't get me wrong, friends. If you're not born again this morning, you must be born again. But don't stop there. Amen. Is this okay, friends? We We're not even so much even in the born again age. We're in adoption season. Amen. Hallelujah. God wants us. Amen. Paul said in Galatians 4, Amen. Though a son, yet he has to learn. Amen. Be a tutor. The tutor is the Holy Ghost. the tutors here this morning teaching us we must have the right attitude. We must have the right attitude towards God's word. We must have the right attitude towards God's gifts. Amen. Amen. Where we're in that season where sons and daughters of God are positionally placed in a body. Not just that you're in a body, but you're positionally placed. So friends, amen. Watch this now. Let me let me continue on. God stirs up the nest sometimes. Comes in with a mighty rushing wind like he did on the day of Pentecost. And all the old worldly loose feathers fly out. He sends a Pentecostal revival and shakes up the nest. We don't like that, but he shakes it up anyhow. Then he gives a certain scream and oh all the little eaglets know something is fixing to happen. They're eagles. That's the reason. Watch this. When you see a shaking time come, eagles are ready for a blessing. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. When you see a sh because friends, we always we see the shaking and what what is our response? Oh. Oh my. Look at what's happening around the world. Look what's happening in America. Look what's happening around us. Look what's happening in politics. Look what's happening in our family, in our church, in this and that in the message. Stop looking at it that way. Oh, there's such a shaking going on in the message. Say hallelujah. Praise God. There's coming a blessing. Eagles, when they see a shaking, they know there's a blessing coming. Oh, so if you're being shaken in your experience, oh, this and that, and my world just seems to be shaking. Get ready. God's about to give you a blessing. Glory be to God. Don't be alarmed, friends. Amen. Get ready. We sing a song back home. Amen. Brother, look up. Lift up your head. Your redemption is just ahead. Get ready for that great reunion like he said. Sister, look up. Lift up your head. Don't be looking at the fear and dread. You see, all the fear and dread is on the earth here. And if you're a chicken, then you're focused on that. But if you're an eagle, there was a certain scream that come and said, "Oh, you're meant to be up here. Oh, I heard an eagle scream and something in me echoed. That's the truth. That's the truth. Hallelujah. There's a magnet in you, friends. Why did you get attracted to this message? What attracted to you it? It was the It was the message in you, the Christ in you, that seed gene of God in you that was attracted. There was a certain attraction, a magnetic force. Oh, glory be to God. You ought to thank God for that. Not everybody, friends, there's a lot of humanity in this earth and that magnet comes across them and they don't see a thing. They don't feel a thing. They think, "What are they shouting about? What are they getting so excited about?" But something in your heart saying, "Oh my God, that feels like home to me." Oh, hallelujah. You ought to rejoice this morning. Hallelujah. I'm thankful this morning. There's something in my heart that echoes, "Oh, amen." That's nothing but the truth. Oh, glory be to God. The church is ready for something. The true church of God, when they see a shaking time coming. So, what does the mama eagles do then? She gets on the edge of that of that nest and she says, "Now, e kids, you grab onto my wing, right?" And so, they take their little beak and they latch on to that that feather or whatever it is. Oh, and what does she do? She just gives a couple and out she goes right into the heavenlies. Can you imagine, friends? It's their first time. Wow. Mama. Mama. Wow. My goodness. I never thought Oh, I never thought we could see like this. That's what the serpent seat is. That's what that means. Oh, that's what the seven seals is. That's what the seven church ages is. That's what the godhead is. Oh my. Oh wow. Hallelujah. This ain't what you know what I'm talking about. When she first takes you on her wings and oh just oh and you get into the heavenlies for the first time and oh God begins the spiritual amnesia begins to lift off of you and you begin to realize oh my this is what I really long for all my life. Oh you know you know what I'm talking about friends. Amen. When God begins to reveal to you what the message really is. Yeah. And that it's actually you. It's not about even just a prophet, but it's about you. It's just not about mommy eagle flying. Oh, she's wa mama eagle so great. Look at her fly. Look at her great big wings. That's you. That's you. That's what you're supposed to be. Amen. But watch. So there they are. Oh my. They're just having a Pentecostal hallelujah time in the heavenlies. Oh, and watch this. Brother Brham says, "Now, it's a very peculiar thing that she does." Then she goes just as high as she can go. Those little eaglets, not murmuring a bit. Why? They got their little beaks set in them feathers. They just can't murmur. Oh, they're just hung on to the word. And they can't murmur. They just got their little big set in them feathers. They just can't murmur. And that's the way God takes his church. If you're really set in the word, you don't murmur. You just hold on. If God made the promise, God can keep his promise. So, they just hold on. And she just takes them into places they never thought they'd ever be. When she's soaring up, oh, she goes into the bright blue sky. But the strange thing about it is when she gets up there, she shakes them everyone off. Oh, really? Oh. Oh, really? She must not love them. She must not care anymore. No. No. She's doing that cuz she loves them. She really cares for them. Oh, and we wonder after that initial and then boom, the trial comes. Oh, God don't love me. Oh, he loves you. He loves you. Hallelujah. That's the way God does his church. Shakes them off. Why? Fly for yourself. And the strange thing is she shakes them off. She doesn't leave them. She don't leave them. She makes a big circle and goes out and flies around watching them. And there those little fellows knowing what knowing what to do for the first time. They're flopping their little wings. My they don't quite know how to do it yet, right? That's how sometimes we were in our in our Christian walk, right? We we're trying. We're just trying to overcome. We're just trying to fly above the things of the world, right? Oh, they're turning over somersaults and everything else, but they're flopping anyhow. They're making some kind of an effort. What if those eagles had the attitude of I'm just waiting for the rapture. Come on, brother. I'm just waiting. Because brother Brandham did everything. Brother Zigg will do everything. The ministry will do everything. Mommy and daddy will do everything. They're going to lose altitude real fast, right? But they can hear mama scream, "Flop your wings on. Flop them wings. Get that Old Testament and New Testament flying." Right? That those wings are the Old Testament and the New Testament. Get them working together. Sometimes we're like this. We're just, oh, I I'm just about the mysteries and Revelation. That's it. You're just you're just flying with one. Come on now. There's a balance. Genesis to Revelations. Let's take it together. When you work together, Genesis to Revelations, you're going to soar. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You've got the wings, son. Fly. Oh, daughter, just just try it. Give Give those wings a flap. I know it's in you. Oh, and he says, "If there ever was a time that the church needs to do some flopping, it's now." The little eagles are not wearied because they're altogether aware. She just flies down, swoops right under them, and oh, sometimes we we're just, "Oh, they don't know what's happening, and they're just dropping, dropping, dropping, dropping." What does she do? She swoops right under them, picks them up, and brings them back into grace again. How many's experienced that? Oh, sometimes, friends, we just, oh, we we don't even know which way is up or down, which way is left or right. We're like Job. I go forward, I don't find him. I go back, I don't find him. Left, right, I don't find him. Oh, but then he just she swoops down and picks us up and brings us back into grace again. Hallelujah. Oh, so don't be afraid of fanaticism or while our mother is watching over us. She makes those circles and is she fast, you should see her. And the thing of it is she can pick as many up. If a little fellow is exhausted, just turning over and over and over and can't catch his breath, she can catch one with a foot, the other with another foot, catching her mouth. Oh, the little eagles are so carefree. My I love that. Hallelujah. That's his attitude. You know what? I didn't read anything about him worrying or that eagle mama worrying or getting getting upset at them or impatient with them. No, I see a determination. They're going to fly. They're going to fly. Hallelujah. That's God's attitude towards you, friends. You're going to fly. You're going to be an overcomer. You're going to fulfill the word that I spoke of you in this day. And I'm going to bring you from a terrestrial to an extraterrestrial. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We're not meant, friends, to stay as as some caterpillar, right? You know, cuz the caterpillar, oh, it's walking. It's just eating. It just eats and eats and eats. That's what you got to do. It just goes on the leaf and eats and eats and eats. And then it comes into a secret place into that little room. Whoa. I like that. the little room of the cocoon and something's going on. Oh, you know, you know that that vision, right? The 10 vision. Amen. That woman come in, she was crippled or what? On the stretcher and she come out of that little room. Oh, she was praising God. Oh, hallelujah. What happened? I don't know. But all I know is I was lame and I come out well in that cocoon. What's happening? It's changing. It's changing from glory to glory, from one form to another. What's happening now? Amen. There's a process going on. Metamorphosis, amen. And you're going to go from a terrestrial, amen, to an extraterrestrial, from a earthly to a heavenly. From mortality to immortality, from corruption to incorruption. That's your promise. I say yes, Lord. Hallelujah. You know, and let me let me just drop this in real quick, you know, because Amen. There's not a ton of young people here or whatever, but there are some kids. And I'll say this, parents, I mean, I just encourage you friends. Amen. You know, you want your kids to fly high, right? Spiritually, I'm talking about. Amen. Then watch your attitude. Because watch what the prophet says. Your attitude, he's talking about the parents, towards Christ will make a great impression on what your children will be. Your attitude towards what? Towards the word, towards the pastor, towards the ministry. Amen. Your life that you live before your family will make an impression on what your children will be. You see those eagles, they watch mama. Wow, I want to be like mama. I just see her come in. I see how she gets that salmon. I see how she just rips with her big. Oh, how that's that's what I want to be. You see, and when your kids see, oh, how they get so excited when the word is coming forth. That's what I want to be. There's power there. There's strength there. That's what I want. But when they see bickering and complaining and bad attitude here and bad attitude towards this person, bad attitude towards that family, they don't want that. I hope that's okay. But that's nothing but the truth. Hallelujah. Now, let's look at some scriptural examples if we could quickly. You know, when you look at Solomon, right? When Solomon was first crowned king, you would you you know, you would say, well, he was in line to be king, right? He was the son of David, but when he came, he was a young man. And the and the spirit of God, right? Or God come to him in a dream. You all know the story, right? and and said, "What would you like? What would you have me give you, Solomon?" Now, someone who's just come into power, someone who God has elevated into a position, sometimes we what you know what we see is an arrogance, right? Well, now everybody's got to listen to me. I'm in charge now. You got to listen to me cuz I got everything under control. I can do it. I There's a reason why I was chosen. All these kind of attitudes, right? Amen. But watch Solomon. Amen. You know, God says, "What would I?" He says, "Who am I? I'm not I'm but a little child." See, the humility, the attitude of humility. I'm but a child. And and I I how can I rule such a great people as this people? Give me wisdom. Give me an understanding heart to to to judge righteous judgment. And that so please God. That attitude of humility. that I that's why we read at the beginning, humble yourselves in the sight of God and he will raise you up. You see, brother Brown talks about, you know, that preacher that come up to the pulpit and he just come out with his chest out and his Bible under his arm because he had a PhD or whatever, right? And he come and it seemed like the the crowd wasn't really accepting what he was preaching and he gone down like this. And brother Bram said if he would have gone up the way he came down, it would have went a lot better. You see, because if we just humble ourselves, God will raise us up. If we raise ourselves up, God will obease us. He has a great way of humbling us. How many have ever experienced that? Oh, I can do this. I can do that. And it's a flop. Yes, I've had that before. Amen. You just think you can do it, right? I can do nothing. I can do nothing outside of him, friends. Especially this, friends. I can I I have nothing to give him. Amen. about this body. Amen. I say, Lord, just help me to yield. Help me to yield. My prayer this morning, Lord, help me to yield that something can be said that will help somebody. Hallelujah. But you know what? Amen. Solomon's kingdom. Amen. It became, oh, what? Look at look at his attitude. Amen. Caused that kingdom to soar, right? Oh, into God gave him wealth. God gave him riches. God gave him prestige. God gave him wisdom. All these things. Amen. His fame was known around the world. Queen of Sheba came. All these ones come to hear his wisdom. Amen. So God gave him all these things. And oh, it was like a millennial reign, right? Peace, no war, peace. Oh, and until until his attitude changed. And I'll present it to you this way is that Solomon took on a leadyan attitude. I'm rich. I'm increased with goods. Look at my chariots. Look at my horsemen. Look at this. Look at that. Look at the temple. Look at our church. I'm in the message. Look at my family. Look, oh, I'm rich. I'm increased with goods. I don't have I don't have to listen to the preacher say that about about my life. I don't have to hear I don't have to submit this and that. Oh my. And he began to think, I I don't need to be as fervent as I needed before because I'm just I'm in the I I I was born again. Amen. And I've had an experience with God. Amen. I don't have to be fervent. I don't have to have a prayer life like I used to. You see, because Solomon, you ask Solomon, Solomon, do you believe in God, the one true God? Yes, absolutely. Oh, but we find him worshiping at the altar of of Chimosh or whatever is a molec. Oh, he's appeasing his wives. Wives of what? Amen. You put your you put whatever you want in there. Entertainment, worldliness, fashion, work, the almighty dollar, those wives. Oh, is this okay? Amen. Brother Brandham said, "Oh, we would never say, "Oh, I'm not a prostitute." Brother Brown said, "You can prostitute more than just your body. You can prostitute your time. You can prostitute this and prostitute that." Friends, we're all guilty of that. Amen. And so I'm encouraging you as we close out 2024, friends, is that we not lose our focus. Don't let our attitude not take on a scene attitude of satisfaction. Cuz God has given us so much. He has given us riches beyond what we could imagine of the riches of God's word, the riches of revelation. But don't get satisfied on that, friends, on a past experience. Because Solomon had many, many past experience. I built the temple. I did this. I did that. Oh, I And he did through God. Oh, I judged righteously with those two women. I had such wisdom. Oh, I wrote the book of Proverbs. I wrote this. I did that. Oh, past experiences. But how high are you flying today? Oh, I used to fly in the heavenlies. I used to have such joy. Oh, I used to be able to forgive. Why? But why not now? Why can't we fly higher? I'm just challenging you this morning, friends. Where are you at? What's your altitude? What's your attitude indicator saying this morning? Oh, there's a lot of earth there. There's a lot of world there. Change that attitude. Say, God, give me some thrust of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And turn my turn my the position on my air on my wings to catch on to that faith and move a little higher. Change my attitude towards the things of God. Change my attitude towards the things of the Lord. Hallelujah. What about Esther? You know Esther, she was not born into royalty. She was a she was an orphan. She wouldn't have expected to become the queen. But God had predestinated her. Does that sound familiar? No one would have thought you that would be the bride of Christ. But God had predestined. He had already thought of you being his wife. But watch this. We won't go through the entire story, but I want you to notice Esther's attitude, right? In Esther chapter 2. And and compared to the other virgins, they were virgins that came with Esther, right? So it came to pass when the king's commandment that his decree was heard and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace to the custody of Hagi. So notice now they come into the custody of Haggi and I know Haggi can be typed different ways but let me type it this way right I can imagine as they come in and Hagi standing there they might have said I'm not saying they said this but they might have said sisters this is your pastor let's just type it that way okay this morning he is going to tell you how to prepare to meet the king I know it can be typed brother around you. Don't get me wrong. I'm not minimizing anything. I'm just making a type, a shadow. But some of them, most of them, everybody else said, "I don't need that. I don't need to listen to a guy. Whoa, look at that." They were looking at all the jewelry. Oh, I can wear that. Oh, look at that skirt. Oh, look at that necklace. Oh, and hey guy would say, "Hey, the king don't like that. The king's not into that." Ah, what does he know? What does he know? I read the message. I I I have all 1100, 1200, 1400, whatever it is. I mean, messages on my phone. I can read it myself. I can get into the message myself. You need the ministry. We all do. God gave the gifts. When he ascended on high, he sent down gifts. They're gifts. I'm not elevating anybody. God did it for what? Oh, just just to be a just just to press play. No. Oh, ju just just to form time or fill time on a Sunday morning or on a Wednesday night or whatever. No, for the perfecting for the maturing of the saints for the edification for the for the work of the ministry. Until until we have all the knowledge. No, until Yeah. Until we come into the fullness, amen. Of the I can't you know the you know the the scripture. I'm bad at quoting scripture there, but you know what I'm talking about. Ephesians chapter 4:11. So God amen. Put that in the place. Amen. And so they said, "Well, we don't need that. I I know how to dress myself." Well, Esther didn't have that attitude. Esther had a different attitude. She said, "I'll listen to you, Haggi. I'll sit under you, Haggi. I'll sit under the ministry. I'll follow what's preached." Are you with me? Oh. And brother Bram says, "That's the bride of Christ." Esther was to become a bride. So she didn't want none of the adorning of the world. She wanted to go into the king just like she was. She adorned themselves like the Pentecostal women ought to but with a meek, humble spirit. Now sometimes we think, "Oh, that's just meek." No. What are we meek and humble to? To the word. That's what we're meek and humble to is the word. Oh, people think, "Oh, I'm so pious. Oh, you know the gentle priest." know that that ain't meekness because you face them with the word. Yeah, that's nothing. That's not true. It's three gods. It's a trinity. You don't have to know. See, but we always say, "Oh, that's the truth." Now, watch. I I don't want to get ahead of myself here, but watch this. When all these fancy first ladies come by with all their new fandango things, the king looked at them and put them in the chamber with the concubines. In other words, why? They weren't bride material. Can I say it this way? Their attitude disgusted him. because he could feel their attitude was all about themselves, all about what they could produce, their program, their church, their denomination. Yeah. But watch this. But when Esther come, he got a glimpse of that sweet, humble, meek spirit. Remember to the word. He said, "That's her. That's her. That's her. That's her. That's her. That's her." Hello, Esther. Amen. Go get the crown and put it on her head. That's it. Let them adorn themselves with that kind of a spirit. Not only the women, but the men, too. Adorn themselves with that kind of a spirit. Then you're becoming ready for the bride. Sweet Reverend Esther made her heart clean. Amen. So he said, "Now when the turn of Esther came, Esther 2:15, the daughter of Abel, the uncle of Mori, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go into the king. She required nothing but what? Hagi the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women appointed. And Esther obtained favor. I'm looking at the one, friends, that has obtained favor. Oh, the world looks at you. Ah, what's that? That ain't nothing to that. Where's the big building? Where's the robe choir? Where's this? And where's the program for the young people? Where's the program for the youth? And where's the program for the married women? We're we're we're we're doing the program right now by the foolishness of preaching. Souls will be saved. Oh, watch this. And and the king loved Esther above all the women. And she obtained grace and favor in his sight more than all the virgins. So that he said, and I love this because brother Brown said, "There will be brides, brides, churches, churches, brides, brides, but there'll only be one." I'm looking at her. I'm looking at her friends. Oh, there's Pentecostal Church and Presbyterian Church. And nothing wrong with the people, friends. They are wonderful people. But the system, friends, God has rejected because they why he said they wouldn't take on a further part of the word. Is that right? They would not go on further with the word to be pregnant. Oh my. But friends, our womb is open. It's actually if if we would just open up our hearts, it would be sealed and no other seed, no other man's idea can come in and pollute it. Glory be to God. Look at her ascension friends. So he sent the royal crown upon her head and made her queen instead of Ashtai. Look at her ascension friends. Amen. By her attitude of submission, humility, reverence, she'd become the queen. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord and he will lift you up. See your attitude. If it pleased the king, if it pleased the king, if it pleased the king. Finally, the king said, "You please me. You please me. Whatever you want to do, whatever you want to say, take take the pen, write the law. Glory be to God." And what did she do, friend? She wrote a new law. Because there was an old law of sin and death that Hmon, the devil, had written to destroy us all. Hallelujah. Amen. But Esther, oh, pen it right. Oh, there's a new law you can fight. You can fight. Defend yourself. God is giving you the word. He's giving you the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. No, don't only put it in your hand. Put it in your mouth. Put it in your mouth. Amen. Say, "That's the truth. God is my healer. God is my savior. God is my deliverer. God is my joy. God is my peace. I speak it. I heard it spoken today." We speak healing. Amen. Into our brother's body. We speak Amen. We speak an anointing into this church. Amen. Of a of a power. Amen. To overcome and be what God wants you to be. Attitude determines altitude. Now, let me look at two more women and just try tie this together with the Lord's help. and we'll close. But there was a woman in the New Testament, friend. She wasn't a Jew. She was a Gentile. But she had a need and she knew that Jesus could meet that need. Amen. You know who I'm talking about. Amen. She come, Amen, with this, if I could say it, an attitude of this bulldog faith. But yet, she come with an attitude of submission. Now, you wonder, how could that be? But watch this. Amen. She had a need. Amen. She was the Sarapheneician woman. Amen. Her daughter was grievously vexed with a demon. Amen. and and and and she come and she seen Jesus. And so she cried out. She said, "Son of David, have mercy on me." And Jesus just kept walking, right? He just kept walking. He didn't pay her attention. He didn't get he didn't So she yelled louder, "Son of David," he just kept walking. The more he ignored her, the louder she screamed. She had an attitude. I'm I'm not going to be denied. You know, we sing that song, I will not be denied till Jesus comes and makes me whole. I will not be denied. She just kept knocking, son of David. She had no understanding. He wasn't the son of David yet, right? But she was crying out. Finally, his disciples said, "Jesus, would you just turn her away? Send her away. She's getting on our nerves. Her voice is real screechy, actually." Amen. Just she's annoyed all of us. So Jesus turns around and you know what he said? In other words, he said, "I'm not sent to your current. It's not right. I'm I'm not sent but to the lost sheep of Israel. In other words, you're the wrong race. My If it was in this day, there would be a riot. There would be looting. All sorts of stuff like that. Oh yeah. Oh, now now she's What did she say? She said, "Lord, help me." Oh, that caught his attention. He wasn't son of David. He wasn't sent to her race, but he was her Lord. Lord, help me. Oh, he she's going to get what she wants now, right? Oh, she's going to get it. He said, "It's not meat to take the children's bread and feed it to dogs." In other words, you're a racist dogs. You're just dogs. My goodness, my if a preacher come and called you a dog my How did she keep her right attitude? But she did. What does she say? Truth, Lord. That's the truth. I am a dog, but the dogs eat the crumbs. Oh, glory be to God. I wonder if we could have that attitude this morning, friends. Amen. Even if the word would just come and cut us. Oh, and even offend us if it's the truth. Yeah, that's the truth. You're right. I need to get right. I ain't been living right. That's nothing but the truth, Lord. Oh, something's going to happen. Hallelujah. Oh, but the cornal mind would say, "Submit to that racist. Humble yourself to that misogynist." You know all the words that they use nowadays? You how how could you worship him? But she had the right attitude. She had the right attitude. Oh, truth. Lord, you're right. And watch Brother Brandham, right? He takes that instance, right, and preaches, I think, 11 times on perseverance. Persever pers perseverant. Perseverance. Persever. He takes her character. She's not even a Jew. She's a gentile. And a prophet of God would take her character and preach about her. How we are to approach our approach, our attitude. Right at the beginning, it's our approach. It's our attitude. Amen. And here she come with an attitude. Amen. that wasn't going to be denied. But she come with reverence. She come with respect. And brother Brandon would say, "God demands respects." Amen. Hallelujah. Truth, Lord. And he and he says in perseverance, she had the right approach to God's gift. Faith. Faith admits the word is right. Reverent. Humble. I'm seeing a pattern here. Esther, the Saphenician woman, reverent, humble. And she come reverently, peacefully, reverently, humbly. You got to be humble. The way up is down always. He that humbles himself shall be exalted. He that exaltth himself shall be a base. Now watch. She admitted the real true faith. Always admits the word is right. Now watch. Always admitting the word is right. Truth, Lord. I'm nothing but a dog. You wasn't sent to my race. That is the truth. My this would not be a popular in Leadyia. She didn't want to see what this was or that was. She just admitted that the word was right. And the spirit of faith always admits the word is right. You see our her attitude was you're right, Lord. That's why people get hard don't hardly get anywhere with God because they think they're right. Are you with me? Amen. They think they're right. I know the word says but. No, there's no ifs, ends, or buts about the word of God. It's yay and amen. His word is the truth. Period. With that kind of attitude, watch her watch her altitude rise. You see friends, oh it that attitude. Amen. She come with the right attitude. And and finally Jesus said, "Oh woman, great is thy faith. Great is thy faith. be it unto thee even as thou wilt. Oh my man, I I'm seeing patterns here. God could have said that to Esther. Oh, great is thy faith. Be it unto thee according as thou wilt. I will that my house be saved. Can we apply that? Oh, hallelujah. She sword, friends, that Sarapheneician women woman soared. Now let's connect it to another woman, another gentile, but another gentile in our age, Sister Hadtie, right? What was her attitude towards the word? What was her attitude towards, Amen, the testimony that Brother Brandham gave of those squirrels? Because friends, I can show you another example of a brother that was with brother Brandham, hunting with brother Brandham, seeing a couple of the squirrels. His name was Brother Tony, right? And the one time, I can't remember which time it was because there was a couple times, right, where brother Brandham spoke squirrels, right? It wasn't just one time, but one of those times he couldn't find the third one. How many remember the story? He found the two, but it was getting dark. He couldn't find the third one. So, he come back to camp and this brother had some doubt in his mind. He didn't have the right attitude towards the gift of God, right? And so they ask him to pray and he says, "Lord, let brother Brandham find that squirrel tomorrow so that we can believe that what he's saying is the truth." Wrong attitude. But what about sister Hattie, right? She wasn't there. She never went hunting with brother Brandham. She never seen any squirrels. But as soon as brother Baron said, "Oh, the same God that created a ram for Abraham there on Mount Mariah is the same God that spoke to my lips and created those squirrels. He's still Jehovah Gyra." And let me say this morning, he's still Jehovah Gyra. The same God that was on Namariah was the same God that was with a prophet. In the words, he's the same God that's in a building. Amen. A restored word fellowship. He's still Jehovah Gyra. He's still Jehovah Rafa. He's still Jehovah Shaoo. Oh, all these things. The seven redemptive names of Jesus Christ of Jehovah. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Our attitude towards it. What is our attitude towards that? That's nothing but the truth. Sister Hadtie said, right? Amen. When brother Brandham said that, what does she say? That's nothing but the truth. Brother Brandham. Amen. And my the Holy Ghost come into that pro into that room. Brother man said the greatest I've never felt that anointing before like that. Let me read it to you. Watch this. She said that's nothing but the truth. She said the right thing. What if her attitude had been skeptical? What if it had bunda? How that sounds kind of farfetched, brother R. She would have never got what she got that day, which was of eternal value. Watch this. And that super anointing swept over me. I said, "Tell Hadtie that she's found grace in the sight of God." Who would have thought? Who would have thought, Sister Haddie, right? My I was just watching it the other day here. How many Anybody ever heard of Brother Kenny Caps? Anybody know Brother Kenny Caps? Brother Kenny Caps is a messenger message believer. He preaches the message in the States, but he grew up in Brandham Tabernacle. And he gives a testimony of Sister Hadtie, Wright. You know what his testimony was? She was kind of strange. She was kind of a strange lady. She was different. You know what he said? She wasn't much to look at. He's just his as a kid. He was a kid and she was a sister in the church. He said she had long hair, but she didn't bother making it up like doing it right. She just kind of put it up and it just looked like a nest of hay. That's what he said. And she had missing teeth. I'm talking about friends because I'm saying this for a reason because sometime because he said as kids we were kind of scared of her. We didn't we want to we wanted to stay away from he was he was friends with the boys. This is brother candy caps but he didn't want he was kind of scared of her of their mom. We didn't want to be around her. He said we stayed away from her. So they never thought that's why I'm who would have thought the natural eye because sometimes we judge right oh that that that person God will do something in their life but the person comes in they don't bother to do their hair and maybe they have a little bit of bo and things like that we just right who would have thought who would have thought that sister had right would be the first human being that the third pull would be performed on Am I talking to somebody this morning? You might think, "Oh, nobody wants to have anything to do with me. Nobody thinks of me." God thinks something of you. God thinks something of you. Oh, we're just this little church in Edmonton. No, God thinks something of you. Hallelujah. Hello, Hattie. Right. If we can just have the right attitude towards God's word, that's nothing but the truth, Lord. Oh, it hurts, but that's nothing but the truth. Oh, said tell her to ask whatever she will. Then you speak it by this gift into existence. Whatever she asks, speak it into existence. I looked to sister Hattie, the first time ever performed on a human being, I said, "Sister Hattie, ask what you will. God is going to give it to you." Amen. Who would think? Who would have thought? And I say this morning, who would have thought this little church in Edmonton, who would have thought that God would visit? He bypassed all the other churches around here and come this morning, December 29th, 2024, to come visit you and speak to you. Hallelujah. I believe I'm speaking to sister Hattie writes this morning. Hallelujah. With the right attitude, saying the right thing. You're saying, "Amen." Oh, that's nothing but the truth. So be it. My question is, what's your attitude towards the word that's been spoken even this morning? That's nothing but the truth. That's right. You're right, Lord. Not my word. Your right, Lord. Your word is true. Hallelujah. Can I give you one more example as we close the Roman soldiers, right, that that that handled Jesus. Oh, they they arrested him. They beat him. They they robbed him with that scarlet robe, that purple robe. Oh, they touched him. They put on the crown of thorns. They were laughing and mocking him. They swed him. All these things. They touched him but they didn't get any virtue from him. Zero. Zero virtue. There was all this virtue in him but they got zero. But a little woman, humble woman with a blood issue. All she touched was the hem of his garment and she drew virtue. Why? Brother Brandon says it's your attitude. What kind of an environment you create around you by your belief or unbelief. So, can we humble ourselves this morning to the word of God? Let me quote it to you again. The right mental attitude towards any promise of God. Now, what promise are you looking to this morning? Is it for healing? Is it for deliverance? Is it for a joy, a refound joy of your salvation, of his salvation? Whatever it is, what promise? A body change? Let our attitude be right towards God. Let it be submissive to the word of God. Any promise of God will come to pass. Not might, not maybe, will come to pass. Let's stand together. Hallelujah. Praise be the name of the Lord. Can we sing set your wings? Do you sing that song here? Set your wings. Let's sing that. Let's pray Lord Jesus. Oh, we worship you Lord. We thank you, Father. Lord, let us just set our wings now, oh Lord, to the winds of faith, Lord. Lord, that have been has been building in this service, Lord. Lord, the sweep of the Holy Spirit, Lord, as you're just sovereignly, Lord, Lord, moving in right now, Lord, oh God, may you just give us that confidence and faith to set our wings, Lord, to the winds of faith as it moves through this room, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we honor you this morning, Lord. We worship you this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, we lift up your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, you're wonderful. Prince of peace, mighty God. Hallelujah. That's who you are, Lord. You're the unchangeable, unshakable mighty God, Lord, this morning. The same one, Lord, that spoke to the wind, spoke to the storm, Lord. You're the same God this morning, Lord Jesus, that Lord spoke through a man, a humble Kuckian, Lord, and created squirrels. You're the same God, Lord, that's living in a group of people here this morning, Lord. Give them faith, Lord. Lord, ignite, Lord, their faith, oh God. Lord, to accept and to claim, Lord, that promise that they're looking for, Lord Jesus. Lord, oh God, I just pray that you'll anoint them just now, Lord. Let them, Lord, see, Lord, vision, Lord, of what you have for them, Lord. Grant we pray in Jesus name. Hallelujah. You can take one by side. open by faith. Take the word of God or take the word of God or what you see. What you believe is what will be is what will be. Let's just set our wings. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. Do not struggle. [Music] It's by grace that your f Can we go up? Is that okay? What's your need? Oh, what's your Anybody got a need this morning? Watch your mountain high. Oh, just speak the word. Speak the word of God. Oh, and by and by. Oh, it will move. Oh, you will fly. Sure. Let's set our wings this morning to the winds of faith. You can fly this morning in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Stretch your wings. To the winds of faith. Let's just stop just for a moment. Let's just bow our heads. Amen. What's your need? What's your cry? What's that mountain? You know, I hear a prophet of God say, "Amen." Because sometimes we don't speak because we're afraid. But I cast down that demon of fear this morning. Speak to your mountain. Cuz we're expecting that mountain just to move into the sea. But brother Brian would say it could just be one grain of sand. It's already moving. It's already moving. You might have already spoken something and that great grain of sand is falling into that sea. Just hold on. Just hold on this morning. Let the wind of faith come. Oh Lord Jesus, just anoint our faith this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, there's ones that have needs here this morning. Lord, I think of brother Dan here, Lord, who uh Lord is just in service, but Lord, no doubt, Lord, struggling in his body, Lord. We pray, oh God, that you'll touch him, Lord. Touch him, Lord Jesus. Is that his name? Brother. Brother Dan. Lord Jesus. We speak his name this morning, Lord. Brother Dan, Lord, may you we speak healing into his body, Lord. Touch him, Lord. Raise him up, Lord, as a testimony, Lord, that you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, we speak the name of Jesus. Lord, if anybody's depressed this morning, Lord, Lord, I I speak the name of Jesus under over that demon. If anybody has anxiety this morning, I speak the name of Jesus over anxiety, over fear, over depression, over condemnation. We speak the name of Jesus. Satan, you're defeated. Get out of here. We cast you out in the name of Jesus Christ. You're defeated. You're under our feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory be to your name. Hallelujah. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that [Music] you is [Music] in the sky. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place, but do not struggle. It's my grace set you away. to the winds of faith. It's your attitude. It's our attitude that makes the difference. Amen. May the Lord help each one of us. How many need a little attitude adjustment? We all do, don't we? Amen. Lord Jesus, this morning we give you thanks. We want to praise your wonderful name. The name of Jesus. Lord God, you have spoken to us this morning. Lord, it wasn't just Brother Gideon, but was you your voice speaking to us? Lord, we all need an attitude adjustment. Help us, Lord Jesus, to have a humble attitude towards your word and towards one another. Lord, we thank you this morning that we're your children, Lord. We're your little eagllets, Lord Jesus. And sometimes Lord when we feel those feathers come out of the nest Lord we feel so uncomfortable but Lord it's for our good and we thank you for that Lord we praise you this morning for our brother Lord for the whole family that has come here this morning. Bless every one of us Lord Jesus. I believe you were here this morning and speaking to us personally Lord. You spoke to my heart and you spoke to every one of our hearts. Hallelujah. You're so good. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song. God is so good. God is so good. And let's keep worshiping the Lord Jesus. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. I love him so I love him so I love him so him Oh, he's so good to me. He answers prayer. He answers your prayer. He answers [Music] pray. For he answers prayer. He answers prayer. He's so good to me. Oh, he's coming soon. Amen. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. He's so good to me. Can we say praise the Lord this morning? Thank you, Lord, for the message this morning. Hallelujah. Praise brother Ben. Brother Ben Mateno. Hallelujah. He is so good to us and we love him so, don't we? Praise his wonderful name. Hallelujah. I'm so glad the Lord came by, aren't we? Praise God. Hallelujah. Brother Ben, would you close this service? Dear heavenly father, we are so grateful Lord to be before your sight this morning Lord and to hear from you. Yes Lord. Uh we prayed Lord to bless the speak of the day Lord and we prayed Lord to bless also the hearing of the word you have done it Lord Jesus we are so happy Lord to be in your house Lord and here Lord that's the right place we can be dear heavenly father so dear heavenly father this knowledge you have uh open this revelation you have given to us Lord. Let dear heavenly father oh we live we live here lord meditating upon this word lord we do believe dear heavenly father I need your attitude lord I need dear heavenly father to live like you oh dear heavenly father I need your character Lord I need the whole Jesus to be in me dear heavenly father we don't need any other attitude Lord but your attitude dear heavenly father and we cannot change ourselves Lord but you you have the power as the word has spoken Lord dear heavenly father the word is the word which can wash our sins which can wash our transgression Lord which can wash the heavenly father our unbelief Lord we need you to come abundantly in us. Dear heavenly father, bless your servant. Dear heavenly father, bless everyone. Lord, bless the ministry. Lord, bless our uh our dear pastor, the shepherd of this church. Lord, oh dear heavenly father, bless each and every office uh in this church. Dear heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we need you every moment. Lord, we are so grateful to see each and everyone present here to come and worship you to adore thee. Lord, every the presence of everybody here is dear heavenly father the richest Lord we can have in the church. Dear heavenly father, thank you dear heavenly father for the presence of our brother Dan and sister Sufi. Dear heavenly father, we can see how H how powerful is our prayers Lord. Dear heavenly father we pray the Lord and you have manifested Lord your the the presence of our brother is the heavenly father. Oh we are we are so happy to see h your uh you Lord answering to our prayers dear heavenly father. Oh dear every father come now Lord as we are leaving this area Lord we need to go back home Lord be with each and everyone dear every father and bless us dear every father for uh the h the the the day 31st de father of this month Lord our uh gathering lord and uh all activities which will be that day dear every Father, we need you to come and be with us. Dear heavenly father, thank you Lord. You, dear heavenly father, you have blessed each and everyone who have heard this word. Uh dear heavenly father, we will be praying thee to change our attitude Lord to change our uh our attitude. The heavenly father, we need the attitude of the Holy Ghost, the attitude of Jesus Christ our Lord and to look like you every day. We pray this Lord be with us, dear heavenly father, your Jehovah shalom be with each and everyone because we pray this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And the people said amen. Amen. Praise God. Let's sing that song. In his presence, there's fullness of joy. Not just a little joy, but fullness of joy. In his presence, [Music] there's fullness of joy. At his right hand there's pleasures for ever more. Oh fellowship divine. I am his and he is mine. In his presence of the Lord, there's fullness of joy in his presence. [Music] There's fullness of joy at his right hand. pleasures forever more. Oh, what fellowship divine. I am his and he is mine. In the presence of the Lord there's fullness of joy. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, say, "Praise God." Hallelujah. Amen.
