################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-23 - RWF 2025 05 07 Bro John Perozok - John Perozok.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-23
Title:   RWF 2025 05 07 Bro John Perozok
Speaker: John Perozok
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uozpIuP0Q5w
========================================

Description:
Sermon entitled "Pressing Behind the Veil," preached by Brother John Perozok at Restored Word Fellowship Wednesday evening, May 7th, 2025.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] This is my desire. high to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, would have your way in me. This is my desire. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. [Music] Welcome. Go a bless. Now, we're a few, but the Lord's still going to meet us here. So, As you know, brother Moses is away. Brother Z was supposed to be here today, but I think his plane got delayed to be with us this Sunday. So that's 755. Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. [Music] Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, may I be like you. Change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] 12:20 Amazing Grace, my chains are gone. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears. Release. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior. Yours ransom me. [Music] And like a flood his mercy raise. Unending love. Amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endure. [Music] My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, yours ransom me. And like a flood his mercy raise. Unending love, amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. The God who called me here below will be forever. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save, yours, ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Let's sing that one more time as we stand. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior, yours ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reign, unending love. Amazing [Music] grace. There's no written request, but we're praying for brother Moses and brother for the victor. They're all still traveling. [Music] Lord, Father in heaven, we this evening, Lord, underneath, Lord, the blood, Lord, that you provided, Lord, Lord, the Lord, underneath it, Lord, the altar you made, Lord, that you built, Lord, that was, Lord, that you could put yourself, Lord, there for us, Lord. And Father, just as we're in this building, Lord, you have bride, Lord, around the world, Lord, meeting, Lord, Lord, and coming with you, Lord, coming before you, Lord. We just Lord, we ask Lord that we can Lord boldly Lord come into your presence. Lord, you made a way, Lord, that we could, Lord, Lord, that there no no longer, Lord, be an intervail, Lord, Lord, that you'd Lord, you tore the veil, Lord, that we could, Lord, have communion with you, Lord, Lord, and have fellowship with you, Lord. Father, we invite you here, Lord, this evening, Lord. Would you would you speak, Lord? Use the lips of Brother John, Lord. And Lord, anoint ourselves, Lord, that we would hear, Lord, that we would receive, Lord. That we would, Lord, Lord, that we would know your heart, Lord. that we know what you the thoughts you have toward us. Lord, Lord, would you be Lord with brother Moses Lord is traveling and Lord would you give him Lord strength to Lord Lord to speak Lord to Lord to deal with the things Lord that Lord that that he has to deal with Lord and and and family Lord and Lord just all the things Lord that go with losing a loved one would you Lord comfort them Lord go with them where they are Lord and Lord for brother Zeke Lord brother Victor Lord are still away traveling Lord would you Lord be with them Lord, guide them, Lord. Bring them here safely, Lord. Lord, we Lord, and if there be any other need, Lord, we just we bring our brothers and sisters, Lord, before you, Lord. Lord, Sister Claudia, Lord, Brother Benjamin, Lord, they're both still looking for for work, Lord. And we pray, Lord, that you'd Lord, supply their need, Lord. And we trust, Lord, that you're you'll supply their need, Lord. Father, we just we thank you, Lord, that we we can come before you, Lord, as a friend, Lord, as Lord, as speaking to a father. Lord, Lord, would you have your way, Lord, this evening, Lord? We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can greet one another. [Music] [Music] [Music] It's setting me free. This Holy Ghost power, it's setting me free this very hour. It's down in my soul. It's making me whole. It's setting me free. Free. Free. This Holy Ghost power, it's setting me free. This Holy Ghost power, it's setting me free. This very hour, it's down in my soul. It's making me whole. It's setting me free. Free. Free. This Holy Ghost power. One more time. It's setting me free. This Holy Ghost power. It's setting me free. This very hour. It's down in my soul. It's making me whole. It's setting me free. Free. Free. This Holy Ghost power like 193. What a mighty God we serve. One 193. [Music] What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. I've received a brand new birth. I've become the living word. I'm the Savior's offspring. Makes me want to shout and sing. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. I've received I've received a brand new birth. I've become the living word. [Music] I'm the Savior's offspring. Makes me want to shout and sing, "What a mighty God we serve. 251 here. [Music] I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see and the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is this that the comforter abides in me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides in me. Once my heart was full sin. Once I had no peace within, till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides in me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides in me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. My spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly. All my night was turned to day. All my burdens roll away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. [Applause] He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides in me. He abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides in me, the original life [Music] John would prepare. God's attributes were manifested to his bride in this last age. We have caught the revelation by the last prophet's message. And we know who we are and raised up for. Praise the Lord for the original life. The original lie, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original lie, the original seed. We were made flesh today. This is what the scripture says. And our names are seen within. Redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God whose original love, the original life, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveal love. The original seed cross has opened up at last and sweet victory is ours. Who were chained down in the past. True jubilee has sounded. And we have responded to our God whose original love, the original love, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unwrapped. The original life, original seed. We are called unto adoption, full authority and power. Sleeping saints will wake to join us for translation in this hour. Gentiles days will soon be over. Glory hallelujah to our God. Whose original life let's stand. The original life, the original sea, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original lie. The original seed. The original lie. The original seed. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life. The original seed. Hallelujah. Amen. The original life. the original seed. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for your presence that's here, Lord. We thank you for liberty. We thank you for joy. We thank you for what you do for us, oh God. Lord, how you move among us, Lord. Lord, we thank you that you're that original life that's been birthed inside of us, oh God. And you desire to dwell with us and in us, Lord, even to the end of the world. You promised you wouldn't leave us or forsake us, Lord. Lord, we come to you tonight, Lord. We come, Lord, insufficient in ourselves, Lord. You know our humanity. Each one that's come, Lord, myself that's come. Lord, we're insufficient. We're nothing. But when you come, Lord, you make the difference, Lord. It's that life inside of us beyond our flesh, Lord. Lord, we want to see Jesus tonight, oh God. Lord, we come to you now. Forgive us where we've gotten it wrong. Cleanse us, Lord, and take us now in your hands. I pray you'd take this little thought and that you'd anoint it, Lord. You'd speak what would be needed, Lord. We commit our lives to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. How many's happy to be in church tonight? Amen. It's good to see each one. Thank you, brother Andrew, brother Peter. Good to the music and the singing. I appreciate it. And um each one that's here in the presence of the Lord. I was scheduled to be here a little while ago and now brother Moses had to travel. Is is he in Africa now? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, we'll be praying and may God comfort and may God lead in and all the things. And brother Zigg, I think, is away still, but he'll be back. And but we know that where two or three are gathered, he's he's welcome in our midst. And maybe we would just begin to open in our Bibles if we could turn to the to the book of to the book of Exodus, chapter 33. Take a little thought tonight. I'm just going to call it pressing behind the veil. I appreciated the prayer you prayed. Just was right in line. I didn't hear all of it, but I came out and was listening a little and just it was amazing to see that God God is moving and just in in line pressing behind the veil. Exodus 33:7. And Moses took the tabernacle and pitched it without the camp aar from the camp and called it the tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass that everyone which sought the Lord went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp. And it came to pass when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses until he was gone into the tabernacle. And it came to pass as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle. And the Lord talked with Moses. And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door. And all the people rose up and worshiped every man in his tent door. And the Lord spake unto Moses face to face as a man speaketh unto his friend. Amen. And he turned again into the camp. But his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed now, not out of the tabernacle. Maybe God bless you. You can have your seats and we'll be continue in a moment. pressing behind the veil. We know that man has always desired to see God face to face. There's been something inside of a man that has desired that there's a thirst and and a hunger and something inside that what's the purpose of my life? Why am I here? What is this that I see in the universe? What made the order out of the chaos? And and this burning in my heart, where is God? Is there a God? That's right. Man is there's been atheists, there's been agnostics, there's been faiths of all kind that but but behind it is a thirst to worship and connect with the creator. Behind it is a is a desire to meet God and to know him. Whether they're blinded by their own traditions or their own religion or their own unbelief or not, inside is a desire to see God. Amen. We know that God in every age has hid himself. That's right. He desired to be known by man, but for some reason and for some great purpose, he also is so simple and so humble that he hides behind a veil. He hides in a place that in in the Old Testament, as we read in in Exodus for a moment, and we'll go back to that, he hid in the tabernacle of the congregation. He hid in the Old Testament, they would set up the pillars and the posts around this tabernacle and they would build up the walls and they would cover it off ultimately with a a set of skins and then badger skins that would cover off where the glory of God would rest and dwell. And it was the place that man would go and and and the high priest would go and be the the mediator between God and men in a certain way and he would pave the way. But but ultimately it was that one man that could see God as close as he possibly could face to face. Now Moses was one of those special men. If we look at if we look at Exodus just a little farther, Moses begins to talk to God. He had gone behind and perhaps right in behind the veil. He was in the tabernacle. He had went inside and that that cloudy pillar was was stood at the tabernacle door and and and he went inside and talked to God as God would talk to a friend. And the Lord spake unto Moses, it says face to face as a man speak speaketh unto his friend. And Moses dropping down, Moses said unto the Lord, see thou sayest unto me, bring up this people, and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send me. Yet hast thou said, I know thee by name, and thou hast found grace in my sight. Moses says, "You say that you know me my by my name and I found grace in your sight, but but but you haven't told me who you're going to send with me. Now therefore, if I pray thee, if I found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I might find grace in thy sight, and consider that this nation is thy people." Moses says, "You've sent me out on a purpose." And we've all been sent out on a purpose to follow the Lord, to follow that presence wherever he would lead us to go. Amen. Moses has the same question that we can have often. If you've called me to go, I who's going to go with me? How am I going to be able to go? How do I know that I'm in the right path? How will I know that this is the will of God? How will I know? And God answers, my presence shall go with thee. And I will give thee rest. Moses, this is good for Moses. But he says, "If thy presence go not with me, carry us up not hence." He says, "That's good. And if it isn't going to go, I don't want to go." For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? He says, "Is it not that thy presence goeth with us?" Dropping down, and the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing that thou hast spoken, for thou hast had found grace in my sight. Moses says, "I beseech you. I if this is true, if this is real, show me thy glory." Amen. Show me. I want to see you. I want to know you. And he said, "I will make all of my goodness pass before thee. I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee. And will be gracious to whom I will be gracious and show mercy on whom I will show mercy." And God says, "Thou canst not see my face, for no man shall see me and live." Hallelujah. But there is a place beside me, and thou shalt stand on a rock, and it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by. I'll put thee in a cliff of a rock. I'll cover thee with my hand while I pass by. And I'll take away my hand, and you shall see my back parts, but my face shall not be seen. Now, in the Bible, there's different moments where where where Gideon, for example, would meet an angel of the Lord, and it would set him out on his commission to deliver the children of Israel. And from that interaction, he makes a statement that's striking. He says, "When Gideon perceived that that angel was an angel of the Lord," this is Judges chapter 6. when he when he perceived that he was an angel of the Lord, Gideon says, "Alas, oh Lord God, because I have seen an angel of the Lord face to face." When Jacob wrestled with an angel and wrestled with him to the breaking of dawn, he was wrestling really with himself in a way. He was wrestling with God, but in a way he was dying out to self in that moment. And he was stepping behind the veil of of what was behind him was the old man. And be and and inside that place was going to be Israel. Inside that place was a nature change. As he wrestled with that that that man all night, that angel, that something. And that angel said, "I I let me go." The dawn breakth. And he said, "I I won't let you go. I'm pressing in behind the veil. I I'm pressing through." Amen. Jacob called the name of that place later pineal and he says for I have seen God face to face for my life is preserved God had told Moses my presence shall go with thee and I will give thee rest now that that word presence it literally refers to the front part of a man's head my presence shall go before thee my face will go before thee to be in the presence of God is to dwell in a place where the the face of God is known yet maybe not visible to our own five senses but the presence of God is known the face of God is known but God dwells behind a veil so it's possible to enter behind a veil but maybe not see him in the way we so desire to see him and we will see him one day but to see him now we can stand in the presence of many different kinds of people. If we if we go to a if you go to a some kind of work conference or you go to some kind of event, you can have many different people pass before you and there's different atmospheres, different pre presences. Sometimes someone is is just, Brother Brandon would describe someone with a welcome spirit, a Christian, or sometimes someone's just a positive attitude. They might not be a Christian, but they're welcoming. They're always talking good. Sometimes you have someone that's negative, always talking bad. Sometimes you meet someone and it feels like there's a wrong spirit there. Something's behind the veil. You don't know it. You can't maybe you can even identify it. You might not see the spirit. But behind that veil of flesh is something wrong. But the presence of the Lord is something special. It's something that's holy and pure. It it cuts through everything. It's a revealer. It's something. And it's also when you have the presence of God inside of you and and the other person has the presence of God, it's welcoming. There's a connection. You can go around the world and meet a believer and you know they're a believer. You know that that same truth that's preached here is the same truth in Africa and the same truth in in a Spanish country or or in an Asian country. All around the world, it doesn't matter. That presence. And yet that presence is veiled and and and maybe we don't see God. I I'm so grateful we have that picture, the Hoffman's head of Christ where we can have a a glimpse of what Christ will be and and was and is. But what a day that'll be to see him. Oh, what a day. Amen. Brother Brandham will say that in the presence of God, men recognize themselves to be sinners. We may feel pretty good when we're out in different places. We think of Isaiah. But when he came into the presence, that's right. Said, "Woe is me." Amen. But God came and took a coal off the altar and one of the angels came, one of the seraraphims, touched him, cleansed him. Because God doesn't desire to leave us outside of the veil. God doesn't desire to leave us separated from him. He desires to have fellowship. It's always, brother Brandham, another place in his presence, the message somehow or another. It's always throwed a great effect upon people to come into the presence of God. Oh, I want to know him. I want to know him more. I want to see him. I want to see him where he is today in his word. Now, Brother Brandham would would would preach different messages and he'd begin to lay out four different places where we can see God. The first one he would describe is is nature. He would say that I'll say it my way maybe, but we can see him in the rolling hills and the mountains and the the brook and the rushing river. We can we can see them even in the human body and the creation that that is or the animal bodies. You take one just just the human lungs and the the flow of oxygen in and out and the aoli however all that goes on and this and that that makes up just the lungs that transfers oxygen and carbon dioxide out and allows the body to live and it there's blood oxygen and there's all these different things. I don't understand it all. But just that alone, how could you say it that God wasn't behind it? How could you say it wasn't intelligent design? But in nature, we get a picture of whether it's the ecosystem or the beauty of it or or the stars in the sky in the perfect order that they hold. We can see God. Brother Brandham tells a story of a little boy how he would have desired to see God and he asked his Sunday school teacher, "Is it possible to see God?" He asked his mother and his asked his pastor and they all said, "Oh, I don't know. No, I don't think so. And I don't know what to say." But he was out on the boat with that old man, that old fisherman who was a real Christian. And there was the the rainbow came out and all the the view that was there and that that old man began to cry as he began to see God all around him. And the little boy looked at him and saw him crying and said, "I I old man, I've got a question that my mother couldn't answer and my Sunday school teacher couldn't answer and and the pastor couldn't even answer. But is it possible to see God? And that that that old fisherman hugged him up to himself. He was crying maybe even the more and and said, "Oh, little boy. Oh, it's possible. All I've seen for the last 50 years." Has been God. He had so much God on the inside of him. Brother Brandon would say, "If you can let God come and look through your eyes, you'll see God." Amen. Remember, it takes God on the inside to look through your eyes. Now, another place that we can find God is right in his word. We can see him in the the truths of the Bible, the the history that's laid out, all the types, even the math, every part that you'd begin to look at the word of God. It's perfect. The the mysteries of God. But but God desired to reveal himself in nature. And but that was only so far. He desired to reveal himself in nature. But even in our nature right now, it's in a fallen condition and can only express God so far. If that's all right to say it that way, because right now we see the circle of life and death, and we see the lion eats the lamb, and we see things that aren't quite in order yet. It's still not the perfect full representation of God. Now, and I'll say this carefully, and I I hope this isn't, but the letter, if it's only the letter of the word, the letter kleth, but the spirit gives life. So to only focus just just on the word, and it's all the word, and God is the word. In the beginning was the word. I'm not saying but the letter part, just the tradition of it, just the standards of it. We won't get a full picture of God. Now, the third place that God expressed himself was in his son, Jesus. 2,000 years ago, we know that God came down and expressed himself in flesh. Jesus Christ born in a manger, the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And in it, he showed more of his simp simplicity, more of his humility. He showed that he was the the prophet of prophets and yet a man that would stand at Lazarus's grave and cry, weep and and and maybe the whole weight of the situation overwhelming. So I can say tonight if God's in our flesh and we face the situation and cry, it's no different than Jesus Christ. Amen. It's no different than the God that that spirit of God that was in a man in the fullness. And yet human circumstances came and he cried. He was tempted in every measure that we're tempted yet without sin. But he knows what the battle is. He knows what the mind battle is that we face. He knows what it is to maybe not feel certain in a moment or or or to know what what what what what what uncertainty or or discouragement is or or doubt. Not that he doubted, but to feel doubts batter his mind. to feel the the bee of death buzzing around him, to lose his earthly father, not his real father, at a young age. All of these different experiences, he knows, he understands, and it was God expressing himself in a human that was all God because that same man that cried straightened those little shoulders back and said, "Lazarus, come forth." And we can say with God in us tonight, we can speak to our storm. We can speak to our place. Now, the the Jehovah of the Old Testament that that that dwelt in a pillar of fire and that that went down and met Moses in the tabernacle was the same Jesus Christ that was on earth 2,000 years ago. And Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Now there's a word brother Brandham used in the message. It was a is a Greek word called enmorphe. And it means that God would come and he would change his mask. Like someone that would act out a drama or a play. They might be the same character three or four times in the same drama. It might be the same person that plays the villain that comes out later and plays a hero and comes out later and sings a song. And it's all the same person. And if you watched them close enough, you could start to tell it's the same height of person or they they sound almost the same or they kind of move the same way even though it's behind a different mask. The characteristics of that person, the nature of that person, I think that's the same guy again. I I think that's the same person. Someone said, a Baptist minister to brother Brown, how can you say that Jesus and God would be the same person? Said, 'Well, it's very easy if you just let your own thinking get away and think the Bible terms of it. They are the self-same being. God is a spirit. Jesus is the body he was veiled in. Like in my home to my wife, I'm her husband. And I have a young daughter Rebecca, I'm her father. And I have a grandson and his name is Paul and I'm his grandfather. I'm husband, father, and grandfather. And my wife has no claims on me as father or grandfather, but she has claims on me alone as husband. And it goes on. Now that Greek word amorphe, he says, he spells it out. He says, if the tape is released, scholars will know what I mean by it. He might he didn't wasn't sure how to pronounce it, but it means that he changed himself. Something that could not be seen and yet it's there. And then it's changed and the eye can catch it like Elijah was at Dothan. He says the servant couldn't see all those angels around. And God just changed not brought the angels down. He changed the seeing of the servant all along in your situation, all along in your life. all along if you could follow your birth. From a child, I I've known you. The God would say, "From your mother's womb, I formed you. I I've called you." And from that moment that little life struck your body and and came in. And even before that, while your mother carried you, there was a guardian angel assigned to you. And an angel that's followed you ever since. And now the Holy Spirit has come and birthed you and made you alive. If we could see the angels around us, if we could see the God inside us, not that God would in that moment bring them there for you to see them. They're there. God's with us. He's in us to the end of the world. Hallelujah. So what I'm trying to say, brother Brandham says, so that what I'm trying to say that God that always was is here. Hallelujah. Amen. Now Jesus in himself in nature it couldn't fully express God. And just the letter of the word just to stay in that book couldn't fully express God. Jesus himself he was the masterpiece of God but but he wanted to express himself more. God could express himself so far in one man. What happens if God would get into a bunch of men and women? What what would happen if if if if they they they they they killed Jesus and out came 12 disciples that and then out came 3,000 on the day of Pentecost and that problem that they thought they contained with one just multiplied and spread everywhere. These 12 men, I think they would say about the the Ephesian church, this 12 person church, this 12 person church had turned the world upside down in their area. I think if we count tonight, we could turn the world upside down. God inside of us. Amen. Now, the fourth place brother Brandon would preach is God and his people, God inside of us. But I think I can say that the most visible tangible place we can see God, and we know this, we're taught that God dwells behind our veil now, our flesh. So, this is the most the most tangible place you could see God today is to look to your left or your right. That's the place that you can see God, but it's the most difficult place. That's right. To see it, it's the hardest thing to maybe believe in is to see God in yourself or God in your people. I think I can say that it would take the most faith to see that because brother Brandham says if the church only knew its position, the rapture will go when it knows what it is. Yes. To see God in yourself and to know your position and what you what what what you who you are, what you stand for that you can do the greater works makes you invincible. To know your position is rapturing faith. To know your position brings you into a condition where a translation that final part of the rapture will happen. But we're being raptured even right now. Even in this moment, we come in heavenly places. So to see God in yourself, God in your brother and sister. I believe that the message of the hour has come to show us who we are. And we've been seeing it for a long time. We've been in the we've been in the church. We've been under the hearing and listening and and watering and feeding of the word. And we're starting to see it more clearly. We're starting. But have we pressed into to say that's my position? Yes, I can go behind the veil. I can stay behind the veil. He abides. I can live behind the veil. I can dwell in a place of victory. Oh, the battle will come. That's okay. Jesus battle came. Our battle comes. To be behind the veil isn't to be without a battle, but in your soul there's rest. And there's peace. It's it's it's easy. Now, it can be easy to see, I I see God in that that visiting minister or that believer I met from a distance and I only know them this much, so I got to see God in them because I didn't see their humanity too much. Or or or in our brother and but but but is it easy to see God in yourself? Can you see God in in in that person you know so well that if you look at them right, you you'll see God, but if you look at them wrong, you'll see humanity. It's easy to see God in in this person, but that person that's close or or ourself because this stinking flesh disappoints us every day if we're honest with ourselves. We can get all, you know, oh, I'm perfect, but we're not perfect. We're so far from perfect. Here's a quote for you. I love this. All that was in God was poured into Christ. Amen. He says, are you ready? Here it is. It may gag you a little, but listen. All that was in Christ was poured into the church. The works that I do shall you do also. More than this shall you do, for I go to my father. Now, brother Brandham would preach the greater works. Maybe I'll leave that for a moment, but or leave that for now. Brother Brandham in another quote in the message, shalom. He says an interesting quote. He says, "But really, frankly, we have never seen each other." Did you know that we've never seen one another? You hear something speaking out of a body that impersonates whatever it's on the inside. So, when we talk to each other, we're not really talking to the body. It's the spirit inside. But the body is the thing that identifies the spirit on the inside. This body is being quickened to the word of God. We see it in this generation more than ever. Human bodies being, I'll say, quickened to what they're feeding on, we see people covered in tattoos, covered in the way they dress or the way they look. And you can tell often what a person feeds on. It comes out in the way they dress and the way they look. Sometimes not. Sometimes they're just averagelooking and and full of things. But but what comes on the outside even through even in someone's eyes you just might see a hardness or a pain or something. What's but it's a reflection of what's on the inside. Now a Christian I saw even just riding the I ride the train into work and and this morning I saw a girl and she had full dress, long hair it seemed like and and maybe wasn't perfectly messaged when I saw after but there's light shining there. Yeah. And then on the way home, another one walks by, different lady walks by, dress, long hair, and I thought the in this morning, I thought, does that there was someone standing beside her? Do they realize they're seeing light right now? Do they realize that that that woman is not like this woman? that there's light shining here. Whatever light they have, that is that simple, humble person that would put on a full dress and and and wear their hair and and have something real that that that whatever they have of of of God, that's light shining. And the world is so blinded to it. They're so blinded to light shining in plain view. But the way they dress, there's something going on. There's something they've been taught. There's something that would make them do that. And may they have the truth. Brother Brandon would say to be born again is to be birthed from above. Now, we'll take a a a thought for we'll maybe dial in on this thought. In the Old Testament, they had a veil. They had a tabernacle. They had an outer veil that would come and separate that outer court from the inner court. And they had another veil as you entered in from the east going west I believe and and and you would have another veil and it had cherubams on it and and it would drop down and behind that veil only one man could go one time a year for the for for the day of atonement and and that the high priest would be the one that would go in. I wonder if we could turn to Exodus chapter 26. I want to look at this veil pressing behind the veil. Is this okay tonight? Amen. Amen. Exodus chapter 26:E 30. This is part of the instructions that were given. Exodus chapter 26 verse 30. And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount. And thou shalt make a veil of blue and purple and scarlet and fine twine linen of cunning work with cherubams shall it be made. And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shidamwood overlaid with gold. Their hooks shall be of gold and their upon the four sockets of gold. And thou shalt hang up the veil under the touches, that thou mayest bring it in thither within the veil of the ark of the testimony. So they'll hang up the veil that thou mayest bring in thither within the veil. Bring in the ark. And the veil shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy. And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place. Now, the day of atonement would come once a year. The priesthood was chosen of a a certain lineage coming from Aaron. And the high priest was a special one chosen among the priests and was the only one that could enter in on that day of atonement. He would go in, I believe, two times. One time with a sacrifice for himself for his own sins. Once he was clean and pure, he would come back in for the sins of the people. He has certain ritual to go through. He had to wear certain garments and they had to be done in a certain way and and and and it was such a a sacred holy place. That particular spot and it might have been just on a regular piece of ground that they moved the tabernacle. The the pillar of fire stopped and that was the place they set up camp and that particular piece of dirt for some reason in that moment became holy. Only only only one man could go in one time a year. Brother Brandon would say, "Now notice these holy places when you come into the courts. The first was the courts, the outer courts. The next was the altar where the sacrifices were made, the brazen altar. Outside of the brazen altar, there was a veil hung that went into the holy of holies. And there was the mercy seat. And there was the cherubams. Now the priest, he had to be dressed dropping down a certain way, a certain garment. Had to have a bell and a pomegranate one to one another. And when he walked, he had to walk a certain way. As he played, he played holy, holy unto the Lord. And those bells and pomegranates ring together. Why? He was approaching God, having the blood of the covenant in his hand, going before him, bearing the blood, anointed with certain perfumes. I I I I need to I want to confirm this, so don't don't take this I've heard this said. I haven't studied it to know for sure, but as I understand it, when they would even pick up and move the tabernacle, because as soon as the pillar of fire moved, they had to move. It wasn't that you could just, oh, now that the pillar of fire is moved, we just start tearing everything down and open the veil, move the ark. From what I understand, they would have to back in and even take down the veil, not looking behind, and let it fall on the ark and then take it covered. As I as I understand it, it was precious. It was you couldn't look at it. You couldn't It was It was a sacred thing that they had to cover and and keep covered. He was a He was anointed with certain perfumes. His his clothes had to be made with Holy Ghost filled hand and registered hands to make his clothes. The rose of Sharon, the anointing oil poured on his head, run down through his beard, down over his place with a royal perfume. He he he he couldn't just approach it any old way. In fact, as I understand it as well, they had a rope attached to him. Yeah. And and they would let him they would let him go in and and maybe they were in the outer court even, I believe, and and they would hold him and he would be attached to a rope and those bells would jingle as he would walk so that they knew he was alive because if he approached it in the wrong way and wasn't covered or didn't sacrifice in the right way, he would die. The bells would stop and they would pull him out. It was holy. It was death for any wrong person to enter in there. It was death for any sinner to enter in there. But he would go and offer the blood on the mercy seat once a year. And he was privileged to see the shikina glory, the pillar of fire, the amber light that come down. Oh, the glory of the Lord, the most holy place. How the congregation must have envied him. Brother Brandham says, how they must have envied him. He was a special person. But now tonight we know that Jesus Christ came. He died. That veil of the temple was rent from top to bottom. And and we are called God came and he he was veiled in human flesh. And he came and died to death. Amen. When that veil was rent, it opened a way and and an access that no other man had privilege to enter but the high priest once a year. It it it entered an access for us to go. We're kings and priests that we can offer spiritual sacrifices to God ourselves. Each one of us, men and women, young and old, each one of us has been given the privilege that that one high priest has been given. Amen. To come ourselves and enter behind the veil, that sacred piece of dirt that was holy. Now God comes and says, I want to take your piece of dirt. The Lord's prayer says thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. It's not saying on earth. It says in earth in our earth in our flesh. As we enter the veil, that high priest that would enter the veil, I'm sure as soon as that that veil dropped, it was nearly soundproof. Perhaps it was soundproof. and those strong heavy curtains that would drop and those four layers that were on top of them. The world cut off the world to a to a dull nothing. I'm sure in the outer court that two million people surrounding you could hear them. But as he entered into the holy place and then into the most holy place, it was just you and God. Oh, you had he had to go back out again and face the world. In that moment, he could have communion with the king, the king of kings. God had come down in a in a theophony form in that pillar of fire. Amen. I don't know what was said. I don't know what was heard. I know Moses would talk to God. We don't know what the high priest what would happen in those moments. It was secret. How the world must have envied him. Now in our generation, in our time and in our our dispensation, those are shadows and types for a reality and what God has called us as a people is to press behind the veil. Amen. To enter in in the Garden of Eden when they when they sinned and were ushered out and told to leave, an angel stood guarding the way to the tree of life. But when Christ came and died and that veil was rent, No one had ever seen the the ark. If it is how I understand it, no one had seen it. They would cover it with the veil and it was covered and they would walk with it. There there was times where Eli's sons ran off with the ark and there was different things that had happened that were were wrong. But but no one was supposed to see it. No one was supposed to touch it. No one was supposed to to handle it in an improper way. It was death. But when Jesus Christ came and died the perfect sacrifice, paid for our sins, he made an access the veil. He was hanging on a cross and the veil of the temple rent from top to bottom. And the mercy seat was in plain view. Not behind the veil anymore. But the mercy seat was hanging on a cross. God had had died the death, tasted death. Yes. He couldn't taste him as the spirit God, but he came in flesh to taste it for you and for me. And he comes and he says now it's it's not death to enter behind the veil. It's death not to. God comes and ushers us. God truly isn't hanging over us an angry God. No. And God, as brother Brandon would say, God the Father, how he thought it was was God the Father hates me, but Jesus loves me. He found that Jesus was the very heart of the father. Amen. And God is ushering us. Come behind the veil. That veil with the cherubams and that that that ark that would come and and I would dwell between the cherubams and there I'll commune with you. I'll I'll talk to you from there. God says, I desire a bride to come and do that. Come behind the veil. What was it? Moses. He came and and and Moses if he would have when when he came and met God with that that burning bush, he had to approach him in the right way. Amen. He had to come and and and and and take his shoes off. Brother Brandham says if he would have just taken his hat off, that wouldn't have done it in our in our time and and in our moment. What what God calls for us. And if I could say it this way, I trust I'm preaching to the choir that we've all come to this place. But we must be born again. Amen. We have to to enter behind the veil in this generation in this time is to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Not just on our flesh in the outer court or or or fed by the mana in the outer court or or just on our spirit realm in the inner court, but we go back out again. But what God desires is a total death to self. Amen. And then a daily walk with him to enter behind the veil and be born again of the spirit of God in our soul and then daily come back. Daily enter in behind the veil. Brother Brandham says he never meant shake hands and join a church. He said you must be born again from above. not put your name on a book, but be regenerated and your soul changed, your entire being made new again. Amen. Brother Brandham in the token, he says when he said you must be born again, that don't mean jump up and down at the altar, that don't mean walk back and forth here and shake hands with the pastor. That don't mean all this foolishness that we've seen done. It means death to your first being. Amen. And life to your the second being. When that lamb, little lamb died or that goat died, it meant life for the person. It meant that their sins were covered. They were atoned for. It means that the blood has been applied and you've been identified with the life of Jesus Christ. What we need today is another baptism of the Holy Spirit. Have the real power of God that identifies the work that Jesus Christ promised for this day. No, not so much as what we we don't worry so much of what God promised for that day for for what? For a previous day, but what he's promised for this day. Amen. Is the baptism, the Holy Ghost? God himself. What is the Holy Ghost? The revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. What is the Holy Ghost? God to come and tabernacle inside your flesh. Amen. God to to to go to a job, to go to school, God to ride the train, God to to be where where you are and what you do. To recognize that God's in you. We were at a family gathering just a few weeks ago and and my wife's from Saskatchewan and we were back home and and and I just was these thoughts were working through me that God lives in us and God just doesn't live in me, God lives in you. And I was looking at the family were in the kitchen. They wouldn't have had a clue that I was. But you're just thinking, God's behind that skin. If you if you can see your brother and look behind his eyes and see God, oh, it changes the picture. If you if you go home tonight and see God in your husband, God in your wife, God in your children, God, it changes your whole approach. that God would not just not just dwell in Jesus Christ but pour himself out into the church. A many membered body, a group of people that have gone behind the veil in their own life, stayed behind the veil, communed with God. Are we perfect people? Will we disappoint ourselves? Will we disappoint others? Will we contend with the veil? the flesh every single day. Brother Brandham says you can't be live sinless perfection in this life. It's miserable to try. It won't happen. Brother brother, the Bible would say this, and maybe we'll go down this vein in a moment. Unto the pure, all things are pure. What is it to dwell behind the veil? If I can take it down that channel. To dwell behind the veil. In that veil, it was pure. It was peace. It was joy. That priest that would dwell behind there, there wasn't anything that could get to him. He couldn't see anything wrong. He couldn't He couldn't maybe even think anything wrong in that moment. I I don't know. But he was behind a veil and all of the things of the world were cut off from him. In that place, it was pure. It was holy. The Bible says, "Unto the pure, all things are pure." Someone that dwells in in outside of the veil and dwells in filth and and all kinds of wrong thoughts and actions and attitudes, everything they look at and perceive and speak on will reflect that. A negative person can have a good day, but that doesn't mean they're not a negative person. There's something inside them that needs to be changed. a a a happy person, someone that's got joy can have a bad day, but that doesn't take away from the joy that's in them. Now, we don't just as Christians, we have deep trials, deep, difficult, discouraging things, and we can feel down in the fact that we feel down. Forget that. Those are the clouds. Our old pastor back home used to say, Brother Herald used to say, "The devil is deadly with discouragement." The devil is deadly with that to drag you down and to make you feel, well, I am a negative person. No, don't confess that. Never confess the negative. Only look to what God has made you to be. Let that little spark, that little spot behind the veil come alive again. That little place where God feeds you and you know that I'm his and he's mine be birthed again. be be not birthed again, but but the the in Psalms it says, "Restore my soul. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation." And another place in the Psalms, "He restoreth your soul. He can make you new again. He can make you alive again, fresh again." when when when when God when when when that priest went behind the veil, it was it was something that was everything of the world was cut off. Now, in Adam's time, they had a veil of innocence. They had a place that they could dwell where in that humanity, they they they they were naked and didn't even know it. Yeah, they lived in in a place where where Eden was perfect and and and all of the animals were friends and everything was just in order. What God has call is calling us back to is is the same thing. God came in in and Christ is the mystery. He lays out and I won't take too much longer, but a three-fold purpose. God w God came down in Christ and he wants preeminence in his people and he wants to restore us back to Eden again. I'll go down this channel for a moment. I trust it's all right. But brother Brandon would would talk about the veil of of innocence. Compare this now. How much that man and his wife both in God God's Eden one didn't have a stitch of clothes on them and knew it not. Why didn't they know it? They were veiled to their senses of nakedness by the Holy Veil of the Holy Spirit. They could look right at each other and they didn't know that they were naked. They were veiled with the Holy Spirit of holiness. God's veil yet today, he says, can look and not lust. They turn their head to live behind the veil. Amen. Unto the pure all things are pure. You can look not turn your head. In in in that place behind the veil is where victory is, is where freedom is. In the place behind the veil, we're being restored back. And today, we're not perfect, but we will live in the first fruits of what's coming. The first fruits of a resurrection are divine healing. the first fruits of a resurrection, the quickening of our bodies, where we're overcoming sin that we couldn't overcome before, not of our own strength, in the first fruits of it. I I believe that we can dwell in a place where that veil of as we step behind a veil, that veil of innocence drops, begins to drop again and all the things of the world don't have that same effect on us anymore. The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, the pride of life, stay behind the veil. Amen. We can't do that on our own self. Of our own humanity will fail of our own eyes will fail. Of our own mind will fail. But that's why to get behind the veil again to dwell behind the veil again. Oh, the temper's quiet again and the the anress is quiet again and the peace raises up and and the temptation is quiet again. Oh, it'll batter. But inside, if I can say tonight, let's press behind the veil. It's where victory lies. It's where peace lies. It's where joy lies. One final veil. That veil that separated, brother Brandham would say, that veil that separated God from the people was a veil of tradition. the glory that that that veil and and we have that of our own humanity. Sometimes as we grow in God, we the first thing we you know the sin drops off and all some of the stuff drops off and we we we're tempted. We have to fight. But but then we start to walk in a more holy place. We start to walk in a more experienced place and we start to walk in a more mature place. And so we hope, so we think, so we desire. But then we can start to get our own little isms, our own thoughts on what the word of God means, our own bend on, well, I think it means this or I believe that this is it. Oh, I w the pastor ought to our own bend. I never truly t come and enter behind the veil and look, God, what do what what does it say? Sometimes it's as simple as studying it out for ourselves to look at the table app and and what did what did brother Brandham really say? The veil and that veil of tradition the way we think it is the way we've always done it the way that I the way that this has been done for so long so it must be right. God wants to come and have a people in this generation reach perfection which is completeness. Not perfection in the Bible I think typically wouldn't mean sinless perfection. It means maturity, completeness, wholeness. Wonder if we could turn to the book of Isaiah as we just close down with this. This just comes to me now. This is not in my notes, but we were just talking about this the other night or the maybe the other night or morning in Isaiah chapter I think 61. Maybe this is a place to close or somewhere around here. I'm going to you might find it before me. You remember when Jesus went to the temple and he preached the sermon for the for the and they they handed him the scroll from Isaiah and he read the scripture and he got partway through and he stopped and he handed it back and said, "This day is this scripture fulfilled." Let's read a little farther because a little farther is what we have today. Spirit of the Lord is upon me. Verse one, because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives. These are beautiful things. This is what the preaching of the gospel does. Good tidings to the meek. Bind up the brokenhearted. Proclaim liberty to the captives. The opening of the prison to them that are bound to proclaim what is it? The year of Jubilee, the acceptable year of the Lord. He stopped. Here's where we can continue this. It it just keeps getting beautiful in this section of scripture. and the day of vengeance of our God, to comfort all that mourn, to appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness, that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord that he might be glorified. I'm going to keep reading, but I'm going to stop there for a moment. What's promised to us that are in Zion, the bride? Oh, it's promised to to comfort them that mourn, to appoint those that are mourning within the bride, to give them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Amen. And then it says in verse four, "And they shall build the old wastes. They shall raise up the former desolations and shall repair the waste cities and the desolations of many generations. The message has come. The message is sounded. We're we're generations into the message that sounded that Brother Brandham came and the prophet of this day came and brought us. The Holy Spirit came through a man and and brought us the message. And and what we're dwelling in now is we've been given the new birth. We've come behind the veil, but now the last few generations have come behind the veil and are being washed and perfected and are growing into maturity. What God desires is a people that will repair now the former desolations. the way that maybe this was the approach that was taken previously. But as we wash away the traditions, we realize actually the more right approach. This is the truth, but the character to handle the truth. This is the right way to to to this is the truth. And we it used to be legalism. Sometimes we would come and this is the way it's got to be. But God is taking that away to say, not only is this the sword of the word, but this is the character to handle the sword where we don't cut an an ear off like Peter did, but we go to the heart of the matter just in the right way where we raise our families in the right way that wouldn't cause so many hurts. There'll be hurts. There'll be things. But but we'd raise a family in a way that would be pleasing to God. Not just the letter, but the spirit, the something that will cause that child to thirst for God. If you're salty, they'll get thirsty. To raise up the former ways, the things that used to be. If we step and stay behind the veil, if we press behind the veil, even in our own minds, we have complexes. We have memories. We have failures. We have things that drag us down. We'll have things that were passed on from grandparent to to kid to to to us today. If the the sins of the the forefathers follow us down to the fourth generation, if we're not careful, we'll carry it on. But we don't have to. were called to break the cycle. They'll build up the old wastes. They'll raise up the former desolations. They'll repair the waste cities and the desolations of many generations in this generation. We're called to be reach maturity. God didn't come to to marry an immature bride, but he's coming to marry Christians that are full of the Holy Ghost. but not just full of the Holy Ghost, adopted, matured, complete ones that we're not perfect. We're not sinless perfection, but we know the ways of God like that one that would come and we'd see that actor cross the stage one time and cross the stage another time. When our time comes to cross the stage, any viewer could say, "I I see God. That's the way God moved before and that's the way God acted before. That's the nature of God before. They're behind a veil I didn't expect. They're they're behind a woman veil and a and a man veil and a child veil. But I see God. Oh, we want to see him. Oh, I want to see him tonight. I want to see him in me. Break down the wall of education. Brother Brandon would say the denominational veil of tradition. those veils that's hiding him from you. Break down the veils of pride. He says to the women, "You're king's daughters. Act like it. Live like it. Break every veil. For we've crossed the Riven veil." He says, "We're on the other side." And you'll see, if you'll just do it, break those old traditions and things and come to him. You'll see him standing, the mighty conqueror, the word of promise for this age made manifest. You'll see him, the mighty God unveiled. see him right among us, the mighty God, unconquered by traditions. Oh, may we see him tonight. If brother Peter, if you'd come. Maybe brother Andrew, if you'd come. Oh, brother, sister, are you catching it? He says, "Look, don't you see it? It's been veiled through these ages according to what God said, and it will be opened in these last days." Those seven seals would be broke. The full thing come into view of the people. Amen. That's what took place all along. Christ in us, the hope of glory. Christ in us, the hope of glory. Maybe turn your eyes upon Jesus. I'm not sure the key, but oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. [Music] And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look for in his wonderful face. [Music] And the things of earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. One last thought as brother Brandham would talk about seeing God in nature and he was running around a tree. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and he heard a little squirrel chattering and he didn't understand why that squirrel was disturbing him from the presence of God and but he realized God must be in this somehow and and eventually he realized that little squirrel wasn't focused on him. He was focused on an eagle that was over there. And so he began to focus on the eagle and admire the eagle. And but he had a gun with him. And he he just couldn't understand why that eagle was still there. And he began to speak to the eagle even and say, you know, I could shoot you right now. I could Why are you so not afraid of me? And why are we why ought we not to be so afraid of our circumstances? What makes you so brave? I began to notice then he kept feeling those wings. You know how they move their feathers back and forth, pull their wings. I thought, "Ah, I see. God gave you two wings." And you know good and well that you could take them two big wings and get in them timber before I could even reach that rifle. God gave him them wings and he knowed what them wings could do for them. He says, "How much different is it with the human beings? God gave us the Holy Ghost and we still don't know what it'll do for us. He says that's right. It's unlimited what he'll do. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you get it and you shall have it. That eagle could trust his God-given wings. You know why? I think a lot of times that eagle had tried it out. He knowed what he was talking about. He says, this is an amazing quote. He says, "And we got the Holy Ghost and haven't tried it out." Oh, press through the veil. See what's available to us. Try it out. Taste and see that the Lord is good. If we'd just let nature work in us like the animal does. He knows what to take hold of and what not. Set your wings. When that little squirrel is chattering, that little devil, don't even look at him. Look to Jesus. Fly away. You've got two big wings. Why would you let a little squirrel bother you? Why would you let a little trouble bother you? Fly away. Fly away. Do you know that song? Set your wings. There are two roads. maybe is just as we'd there there are two roads that you may take one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see, what you believe [Music] is what will be. So set your wings to the wings of faith. [Music] You can fly in a higher place. [Music] Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your ways to the winds of faith. Oh, what's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain? Much too high. Oh, speak speak the word. Oh, speak the word of God. And by and by [Music] it will move for you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. [Music] Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds. Watch the eagle. Oh, watch the eagle in the sky. He doesn't struggle. He does not struggle. He does not strike. He does not the power that makes him rise. For the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. So set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for your presence, Lord. We thank you for coming tonight, Lord. We thank you for your word, how it's true, oh God. Lord, we just come now and commit all that's been said. Lord, you know every life, every heart, Lord, every every burden, every situation, Lord. Lord, you know where everyone would be, Lord. And Lord, I pray you'd come and take us behind the veil, Lord. Lord, may stay behind the veil. Maintain Christ in our lives, Lord. Lord, I pray you'd come and Lord, where the the former things need to be built back up or may there where where the the mourning needs to be turned to joy or the the spirit of heaven heaviness replaced with a garment of praise. Lord, I pray you'd come and do that, Lord. Fulfill your word in our midst, oh God. Lord, I pray as we'd come each one of us behind the veil, even tonight, even tomorrow, even in the weekend ahead, Lord, in the the daily walk. I pray you'd meet with us, oh God. Lord, if your presence doesn't go before us, we don't want to go. But if your presence goes before us, Lord, greater is he that's in us, Lord, than he that's in the world, Lord. May we see you more and more and more, Lord. Lord, bless this church, Lord. Bless the the future, Lord. Bless Brother Moses, Brother Zigg. Lord, you see the the the transition, Lord. You know each part. Lord, you know the journey, each step of the way. Lord, I pray you'd come, Lord. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. I pray you'd move. Lord, I pray you'd pour your spirit out service after service. Lord, on Sunday when brother Max comes and Lord, when the different brothers would come and preach, move. Lord, I pray that you'd be free. Lord, I thank you for such a liberty to preach here, Lord. Lord, that's a a sign of of a people that loves you, oh God. And Lord, I pray that you'd be with Brother Moses said he'd be away and comfort the family, Lord. Be with the ones in Africa, be with the ones here, Lord. Lord, you have a special comfort, Lord. Wrap your arms of love around them. I pray that you'd move, Lord. And Lord, maybe we don't all see all things, but we know that you're in control, Lord. Bless Brother Zigg and Sister Anita. Lord, I pray you'd just continue to be with them and guide them and and and and comfort them and be with them, Lord. Lord, bless your people one more time, Lord, we pray. We commit each part now into your hands in Jesus name. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. What's your need? What's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain? Much too high. Speak the word of God and by and by it will move or you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. [Music] It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Watch the eagle. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Amen. We'll just go over in prayer quickly one more time and we'll sing how beautiful you are. Lord heavenly father. We thank you Lord for Lord not your word Lord but not Lord not only your word Lord but your grace Lord to us Lord that Lord through Lord thousands of years of Lord of of written orated scripture Lord you move the world Lord you Lord the foundations of this earth Lord that we could know who we are Lord that we could Lord be revealed Lord in you Lord not to be our own separate people Lord but to be Lord set aside for you, Lord, that we could be dwelling places, Lord, for Lord, for your spirit, Lord, that Lord, that, Lord, when you died on that cross, Lord, you, Lord, you went into, Lord, every believer, Lord, Lord, and and you just, Lord, you covered this earth, Lord. You didn't, Lord, die, Lord, in that tomb, Lord, and but you rose, Lord, that we could have, Lord, full assurance, Lord, of the same, Lord. Lord, would you Lord, would you go with us, Lord? Would you be with us, Lord? Would would you bring to remembrance, Lord, who we are, Lord? Lord, we just And we ask these things, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Just beyond the veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there just beyond the veil. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. You are beautiful. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Elohim. You are [Music] Elohim. You are Elohim. You are. You are. Elohim. You are lamb of God. You are [Music] lamb of God. You are lamb of God. You are You are lamb of God. You are El Shai. You are El Shai. You are El Shai. You are You are El Shai. You are You're You're dismissed.
