################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - RWF 2025 07 06 Bro Moses Ndala Faith for the Body Change - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-04
Title:   RWF 2025 07 06 Bro Moses Ndala Faith for the Body Change
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydwBx99FVws
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh no. We love you. Here we go. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Quiet me. Let peaceful waters flow. Learn to be still, my soul. Let me hear Jesus walking near. Touch me, Lord, and quiet me. Quiet me. Let peaceful waters flow. Learn to be still, my soul. Let me hear Jesus walking near. Touch me, Lord, and quiet me. One more time. Quiet me. Let peaceful waters flow. Learn to be still, my soul. Let me hear Jesus walking near. Touch me Lord in quiet me. Amen. God bless. Welcome. Welcome to all the visitors. I don't know you but feel welcome. Sing I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Who taught the son where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean, "You can only go this far? And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? I know my redeemer lives. Yeah, I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins worlds in orbit runs to the weary, the wor and the weak. [Music] And the same gentle hand that holds me when I'm broken. Conquer death to bring me victory. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer there. 55 551. when he reached down his hand for me. Oh, once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was wretched and vile as could be. But my Savior above gave me peace, joy, and love when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached down his hand for me, I was fearing despair when he came to me there and he showed me that I could be free. Then he lifted my feet, gave me gloryy complete. When he reach down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. How my heart does rejoice since I made him my choice. From the tempest to him, now I flee. Now I lean on his arms. I'm secure from a heart since I reach out his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his hand for me. Since I'm in gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I give all my life unto thee. Guide my feet, hold my hand. Grant with thee may I stand. For he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. [Music] I was lost and undone without God or his son. Don't reach down his hand for me. Amen. If I could ask maybe if brother Zeg would come on up and open the word of prayer and maybe he has something to say from his visit. I don't know. But but welcome back also. There's a prayer request here, I think, for uh for the Benjamin's family. Okay. Yes. Says they're traveling to Ottawa to Gatnau to attend a wedding ceremony. Uh Sister Esther and Brother Ben will be leading Thursday. So, just keep that. [Music] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. The Lord has been so good to us, hasn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's so nice to be home again. &gt;&gt; Praising the Lord. Hallelujah. I was just thinking maybe Sister Wendy could sing this morning for us, will you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I take the liberty. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God is so good to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we're so happy to be with God's children here this morning. We want to lift our eyes to heaven. our hearts towards you, Lord, from whom cometh all help, Lord. You're our healer. You're our savior. You're our heavenly bridegroom. And we love you, Lord. Hallelujah. We love you with all of our hearts. Praise your wonderful name, the name of Jesus. So, you're so good to us, everyone. So glad to see everyone out this morning, Lord, to praise your wonderful name. Hallelujah to the name of Jesus. Lord, bless brother Andrew as he leads us in song. And Lord, Brother Moses as he preaches the word. Oh God, we're we're here to hear your word, Lord. We're here to obey, Lord, your word. And Lord, we're waiting for your coming, Lord. We're anxiously waiting for your coming. Bless us this morning, Lord. May the spirit of the Lord just come and fill our hearts is my prayer in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I forgot to bring you greetings from from Bellingham. Brother John said make sure you greet the people. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God's wonderful people. May the Lord just bless you this morning. Amen. Yeah, you can greet one another. [Music] I am weak, but thou art strong. Jesus, keep me from all wrong. I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Music] Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be [Music] through this world of toils and snares. If I falter, Lord, who cares? Who with me my burden shares? None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted Jesus is my plea. daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Says, I hear there's a brother goan and sister. Maybe if you'd come, we'll just sing that one more time. Just a closer walk. You can have your seats as well. Just a closer walk with thee. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. I am [Music] Oh, they s can never hold me anymore. I'll be gone for I have made my consolation and my wedding garment and oh savior Wonder [Music] Lord. Oh. Oh. When the Savior goes, I will answer. When he goes for me, I will hear. When the Savior goes away, we answer and I'll be somewhere listening for Oh, listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for oh my name I'll be somewhere listening I'll be somewhere listening I'll be somewhere listening for oh if my heart if my heart is well when he Oh, speak my heart is right. I will I will hear if my heart is well when he calls for me. I'll be somewhere this thing. Oh my name. I'll be somewhere this thing. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for Oh my name. I'll be somewhere. This thing I'll be somewhere. This thing I'll be somewhere. thing for. Oh, if my robe if my robe is one when he when he calls for me. If my Lord is one, I will I will hear. If my Lord is one, when he calls for me, and I'll be somewhere listening, oh my name, I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere this thing. I'll be somewhere for oh my name. I'll be somewhere. This thing I'll be somewhere. This thing I'll be somewhere for my [Applause] &gt;&gt; Thank you. Actually running short on time. So we'll just sing one more song as brother Moses would come singing Oh I want to see him 543 as I journey through this land singing as I go pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, dark may be the night, but I will cling more close to him. He will give me life. Satan snares may vex my soul, turn my thoughts aside, but my Lord goes whatever he know. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face and to sing forever all the saving grace. All the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home and last ever to reach. I want to see. Oh, &gt;&gt; oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Dare to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. What a day that will be. Amen. When we'll be there together and just singing for his praises and glorifying his name. What a day that will be. Amen. I'm looking forward to that day. Aren't you? Glory to his name. Amen. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to have uh this wonderful day to be in his presence. It's raining outside, but it's good to be inside. Amen. &gt;&gt; And here we pray that the Holy Spirit will be raining as well. Amen. Amen. Good to see Pastor Zeke back and good to see you. God bless you Richley and Sister Anita. Good to have you back. Amen. God bless you Richley. Happy that. And good to see brother Scott and wife. God bless you Richley. Um I understand there is a special from sister Wendy before. No we didn't skip you can still have one. Yep. I thought just invite her and then I'll take the propit after that. [Music] [Music] This is the time the prophet spoke of. The angel came with a shout. The mountains shook as his voice cried out. The end is here. Loud and clear. The shout rang out. The end is here. It's now at hand. The bride is gathering. The world is failing. Israel's awakening. Nations are breaking. The prophets come and we believe the end is here. Have you considered the end time message? Have you considered Malachi 4, Revelations 10 and 7 and Matthew 24 proclaims this message loud and clear forever more. The end is here. It's now at hand. The bride is gathering. The world is failing. Israel's awakening. Nations are breaking. The prophets gone and we believe the end is here. The prophets gone and we believe the end is here. Luke 17. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. Wonderful. God bless you richly, Sister Wendy. It's good to be in the atmosphere of the Lord this morning. &gt;&gt; And it's special. God bless you richly. God bless you, brother Goshan. &gt;&gt; Thank you for blessing us this morning. So good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Just want to give some few announcement here and then sorry for breaking the atmosphere a bit and then uh then we go to the word of god. So I think brother Andre has announced this Wednesday we're thinking to cancel the service it's Wednesday since we'll have a service on on uh on Sunday on Saturday and Sunday. Thank you Saturday and Sunday. so that it can cover that and then probably I'll have another meeting with the young people on Friday just to accelerate a little bit of that to prepare for some special for the Saturday. So um and then on Thursday there is another program um there. So probably have to cancel the Wednesday. So um like to have a little bit of a meeting of young people after the service right after the service here. just a quick uh meeting there and some young people have left the brother go and sing by himself supposed to sing with him but I think it's okay he handled it very well how many were blessed by the song Amen and sister Wendy also uh so we finished one one message of brother Banham the the the paradox there so now um so now we are listening to the message the seed of discrepancy so if we can catch up on that. We're listening on that at the beginning of the service the seed of discrepancy and preached in 19 65. Amen. And uh I've been in contact brother Victor and then planning to come anytime soon and also brother Maui told me that they couldn't make it for today but they are doing fine. So &gt;&gt; just God bless them richly. Amen. And welcome to Pastor William has been welcomed but he's here with his family. Amen. Pastor William from from William from from Spain. He came all the way from Spain, Madrid and the pastor over there the church and uh uh he wanted to spend some time in his vacation as a family in Alberta. I was telling him that's surprising. That's surprising. Many people jump on on on on Vancouver and Montreal and Toronto. Usually they don't come here and and he chose to come here. So we are honored by that. God bless you richly. He came with his wife and the family. God bless them richly. Amen. Amen. We let him say a few words at the end of the service and close us in the service in prayer at the end of the service. Amen. Wonderful. Um let's sing one song and then he abides. He abides and then go to the word of God. [Music] &gt;&gt; He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. &gt;&gt; I'm rejoicing. &gt;&gt; I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see. And the reason of my plans all that the comforter abides with me abides he abides abides. &gt;&gt; He abides abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk in narrow way. For the comforter abides with me was my heart. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon a tree. And I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, &gt;&gt; he abides. &gt;&gt; He abides. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. &gt;&gt; For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me. &gt;&gt; He abides. &gt;&gt; He abides. He abides. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides, he abides. He abides. &gt;&gt; He abides. He abides. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Glory to his name. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Father. Father, we thank you, Lord, this morning to be in your presence, rejoicing, Father, night and day. Father, because the Holy Spirit, the comforter, the enforcer of the word of God abides with us, Lord. Father, we thank you that Lord Jesus Christ, you gave us that promise that you will never leave us. You will never forsake us, but you'll always be with us. The world won't see you, but we will see you because you won't only be with us, but you'll also be inside of us. Father, we thank you for your promise and your faithfulness, Lord Jesus Christ. Now, it's not only the baptism of the Holy Spirit, but in the person of the Holy Ghost himself visiting the bride. We thank you, Father, for that, Lord Jesus Christ, preparing us for the rapture. We thank you Lord Jesus Christ that we are coming no Lord Jesus Christ not in a time of dispensation of the father not of the son but of the holy ghost now within us Lord for the bride to continue the work as we heard last Sunday Lord we love you and appreciate you may you help me father to deliver the word this morning may you bless each individual each each person that came this morning may give them a portion of yourself father that will go back father from the from this place testifying saying it was good to be in the house of the Lord. He spoke to my heart. He met my need. He gave me more faith. Father, that's what we desire. Bless your people, Lord. Bless the visitor among us, Lord, as we commit all the whole service in your hand. Thank you for the specials. Thank you for each leak of of fire this morning, Father, for your glory and your honor. We give you the glory and the honor in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We can turn to the word of God. Thank you musicians. Brother Calb and brother Andrew Peter. God bless you richly. Amen. I would like to read in first Thessalonians 3 10. I'll let you sit and I'll read more other scriptures. 1 Thessalonians 3:10. [Music] So Paul speaking said night and day 1 Thessalonians 3:10 and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith. May God bless his word. Amen. That's his desire that he might perfect that which is lacking in your faith. Amen. God bless his word. And you can have your seat. Amen. As we continue our study regarding the statue of the perfect man, give it a title, the statue of of the fullness of Christ. And this morning I would like just to touch a little bit on the the just introduction maybe the perfect faith or the faith of the change of the body. Amen. Faith of the change of the body. Amen. Ephesians 4:11 says, "And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ. So all the five-fold ministry including the prophet messenger have only one purpose is to edify the body of Christ and to perfect them to perfect the saints to come to the full maturity. Perfecting of the saints. I like that word because you're already sanctified but doesn't mean once you are sanctified doesn't mean you have come to the full maturity. Can be sanctified. You can be a saint but you still come you need to come still to the full maturity of the statue of a perfect man. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Amen. To come to the statue of the perfect man. And coming to the statue of a perfect man does not mean that you don't don't make mistakes. We said many times means you can make mistakes but you have come to the full maturity. You are grown up Christians. You are ragged Christians. You know where you are. The circumstances don't disturb you. You're not tossed to to and fro. You're not tossed about. You know where you are standing. Amen. You continue your walk. You continue you know your position. You know your place. You continue praising the Lord no matter the circumstances. You are don't have the mentality of a of a of a victim of circumstances and complaining and murmuring. No, you know that God is in control of every situation. And what I would like to emphasize a little bit this morning is to become have a faith, you have to become the master of circumstances. Amen. Till we all come, the Bible continues, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man unto the measure of the statue of the fullness of Christ, that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine. Every time you hear everything that comes, well, it's in you, then you run rush to it and and then you forget the best and all the things. That's not that's not a mature Christians. Sometimes you run here and there run here and there. You want to learn and to find out new things. That's not necessarily a sign of a mature Christians. Amen. You have received the word of God. You have received the message of the hour. You have received the absolute. You just stay with the absolute. There's nothing that can be added on top of what we have already received. Is the last message for the gentile age. Amen. There is no other message that can be added on top of what we have received. It is the perfection of what wanting the bride to receive for the body change. The message of the hour is the only place you can have the vitamins to change this body to receive the incorruptible body of of of a glorified body. Amen. That's the only message that has the ingredients to change our body. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. says you are not a child and tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine but it's light of man or slit of man or cunning craftness whereby they lie in way to deceive but speaking the truth in love speaking the truth in love. Amen. can have the truth, but you have to speak it in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ, from whom the whole body fitly joined together, and and and and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working uh in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body, unto the edifying of itself in love. So many things can be said there but just mean to me means that a mature Christians knows that he has a role in the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; A mature Christian whether he feels it whether people appreciate him or not he knows that he has a place in the body of Christ. He continues serving the Lord because if he's not at his place the body cannot increase the body cannot be edified. So he continue to serve the Lord. He continue to praise the Lord. He continued to be obedient to the word of God. He continued to be faithful in the small things or the big things or the big things or a position that people can see or people like position people can't see. He continue to serve the Lord because he knows that is a joint and if he's not there, it won't supply to another person. That's what a mature Christian is. Amen. God, make me more mature, Lord. Make me more mature just to be faithful serving you knowing that I am at my place of position. Amen. &gt;&gt; Place of adoption. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So um that that's what we went through that and I just come to uncover that a little bit more. And I would like to read as well in Romans 4:13. What shall we say then that Abraham our fathers pertaining to the flesh had found? For if Abraham was justified by works, he had wherefore to glory, but not wherefore be but not before God. For what save the scripture the scripture? Abraham believed God and it was counted unto him for righteousness. Therefore it is of faith that might be by grace to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed not to that only which is of the law but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham who is the father of us all. Amen. The faith of Abraham. The faith of Abra was not actually the faith of Abraham. Recognize the faith of Abraham but it was the faith of God in Abraham. Amen. That is the part I would like to emphasize a little bit more this morning and then to take that as well with James 2 14:26 and a little bit of a scripture that I'm reading here at the beginning just to put a a foundation from where we be going. The Bible says, "What does it profit my brethren? Though a man say he had faith and had not has not works, can faith save him? Says, and James being he has the anointing of a pastor, the anointing of a of of a of of a nox is the is the care burden the care the care the the the burden carer. Then he says, "If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto him, depart in peace and be he warmed and and filled notwithstanding he give them not those things which are needful to the body, what does he profit?" In other words, you know, see someone in needs and you just say, "No, God bless you. God take care of you." When you have something that can help him and he says, "What what is what is that really useful?" And we know that God blesses everybody. But if why not you help him in the in the physical need that needs there and we just bless him in general and sometimes we hide behind that blessing. But you need God help us to see the needs. Help us to see what what I can do for my brother, what I can do for my sister. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Says of a brother being that's what I read. He says um even so faith if he had no works is dead being alone. Yeah. Man may say that has faith and I have and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works and I will show thee my faith by my works. Say thou believest that there is one God that doest well. The devil also believe. The devil is actually believe. He has a portion of he has a portion of faith. The devil has a portion of faith. He knows that God exists. He knows that no if God says something, God is going to fulfill it. So he tried to break it. So he has a a little level of faith. That's what the Bible says. The devil also believe. Amen. &gt;&gt; But when he believes, he trembles because he knows that the word is always against him. Amen. He cannot have confidence in the word of God. He trembles. Is not for his benefit. The word is for the bride. The word is for the Christians. when we have to believe and not tremble, believe and have faith in God. But willil thou know, oh vain man, that faith without works is dead? Was not Abraham our father, justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? See that how faith wrought with with his works? By works was faith made perfect. And it's wonderful how he says by works was faith made perfect. So we have faith but if there is no works that faith cannot be perfect. That faith cannot come to the completion. That faith cannot become mature. For it to become mature. It has to be followed by the works. Amen. What you believe you have to act upon what we believe. You accept the word of God. You believe the word of God. Then you have to act upon the word of God. Are you with me this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't want to lose you. I have not yet studied. So I don't want to lose you at the beginning. The scripture was fulfilled which said Abraham believed God and was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was called the friend of God. You see then how that by works a man is justified and not by faith only by faith only. Likewise also was not Rahab the hall justified by works when she had received the messenger and has sent them on out another way. For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. &gt;&gt; Oh God, may you give us faith with works. May you help us to live what the word of God says. Amen. So looking at this and the faith of the body of the body change. Just want to look at the life of Abraham for a little bit for a moment as a base as as a foundation. Abraham was just a simple man. Abraham was just a normal person. And were not a super super super super man. He was just a simple man. He was actually he was actually in a worse situation than some of us. He was an idoltor. It was someone was not worshiping the true God. He was an idoltor. The prophet will say it was just really someone simple but there was something specially about him that God had chosen him. God had called him. Amen. The same way that God calls you. The same way that God called me. That how he called Abraham. And Abraham was not nothing special than what you and I we are. But Abraham is something special in before God because he had the seed of God inside of him. Abraham had the faith of God. God put his faith into Abraham. Amen. And that faith of Abraham had to come to the full maturity. Amen. If brother Bame has one character has spoken about a lot in the Bible in his messages is about Abraham. Abraham is the father of faith. that Abraham was a type for brother Bam himself for his ministry. But I believe it also spoke about it because Abraham is also a type. We can identify ourself to the life of Abraham. We can see ourself in the life of Abraham. Abraham makes mistake made mistakes. We also make mistakes. But inside of him, he continued to believe the word of God. Amen. He continued to trust in God. And God, you see in the life of Abraham, many of the situation, Abraham himself put himself in a situation where he couldn't get out of it. Amen. God had to intervene to get him out of that situation. How many times we are in a situation, we don't know how to get out of it. God had to intervene to get out of it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Imagine that your wife is with the king and and and and yet the king has to marry your wife. Imagine. Imagine. And in that that night I I can imagine Abraham was probably not sleeping tossing here and there. What have I done? What mistake have I done? What? But God had to intervene and talk to to the king. You know you you are more than dead. You are just a dead man because you have the wife of my prophet. &gt;&gt; But he was I'm a man of integrity. I know you're a man of integrity. I know that my prophet lied to you. But still you have to return his wife because if you don't return wife you are dead and not my prophet. Go to him and he's the one who's going to pray for you. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine that? God's grace. Amen. &gt;&gt; Where would we be without God's grace in our life? You are in backsliden condition and God take you from that and amen and put you in higher position. Amen. Thank God for his grace in our life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Certainly Abraham was affected by external by external circumstances. He was faced with circumstances. He could either consider himself as victim or himself consider as master of those circumstances. But Abraham I believe in all situation he was considering what the word of God was saying. When Paul had to give a rec record of what or what what the life of Abraham was, he looked at the faith that was inside of him. It was by faith that he was justified because God looked at the faith and man look at what he did. Amen. When we look at what Abra Abra Abraham did, we can see so many mistakes like I've mentioned because we are man. Amen. But God was not looking at those mistakes. God was looking at the faith inside of Abraham. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just wanted to put a little bit here. We have very familiar with that that that but it's just good to sometimes to put it and then we see where we are standing and become more visual. &gt;&gt; I try to put this way if I can. It's not very stable this thing. Hopefully it doesn't fall on me. So brother Bam will say a human beings is made of three part. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have the soul, we have the spirit and we have the body. Every human being has those things. Every human being you see have those three part. And we have the soul and we have the spirit and we have the body. And what we see each other here we see the body that's what we know that oh that's brother Moses that's sister Sharifa that's mama Mati and brother Zik and all different why because we look at the body that's what you see that the person but that's actually not the real you that's just the coat that you are wearing that's just said the envelope that the real you is actually inside here the soul is the real you amen that's where God want to focus is the soul inside here amen And the the the place of battle is actually here in the spirit &gt;&gt; here. &gt;&gt; That's the mind. That's where we have so many battles. Many things that we go through the battles happen here. That's where he is. So if we manage to conquer this place, I can guarantee you if we manage to conquer this place, you will become a person who will become a master of circumstances. But if you are still here struggling here, you are will consider many things as victims. Amen. Because you'll see my body is aching and it comes here and the the word of God might be from the soul here telling you know what you are healed. But here you'll see the the body failing and you come here say no I'm not healed. You you you are seeing you you the mind is the battle. The mind is constantly a battle. You are thinking negative things. you all the different things comes in the mind here. And unfortunately the mind is the gates to the soul as well. &gt;&gt; Amen. Things that we see, things that we read, the things that we hear, things sometimes we smell and touch and everything they affect the mind. And if we allow it to go to the soul, it produces either faith or it produces doubt. Amen. &gt;&gt; The only one sense here is faith or doubt. But let's talk about the believer a little bit. The believer here in the soul there is a place where God put the seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There is a place where God put a seed. This this body can be so doing so many things. So negative things as you walk in your life as you grow up so many things. Your mind has been corrupted by so many things. But as long as you have the seed of God inside of you here, you can never be lost. God can never lose you because that small sea that God put inside of there is actually God himself and God can never perish and you can never perish as God can never perish because that's the most important part inside of you is actually that part. Amen. And that's the part that gets quickened by the word of God. &gt;&gt; You know you can be you you you hear it. You might be in a situation you might be in church. You might be in the car. You might whatever you might be, you hear the word of God and go through your mind. But if it comes to the soul and quickens that seed, you recognize who you are. Oh, I'm not a chicken anymore. I have always been an eagle. Amen. I've always been a son or a daughter of God. Because there was a representation of God himself inside there. Amen. That's what Abraham was. He was in different places and he didn't know who he was. But God had put a seed in a representation of himself in Abraham. That's what Abraham recognized. When God spoke to him, he just left that place. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because of that small thing there. &gt;&gt; Thank God for the representation in our life. &gt;&gt; So the proverb say it was not faith in God but it was his own faith that he had given to the believers. As Romans 12:3 says, according as God has died to every man, according to the verse, the man our brethren says the measure of faith. Ephesians 2:8, by grace are ye saved through faith and by faith, not of yourself. It is the gift of God. It is also says in James 2, my brethren, notice the prophet says, he's talking about the brethren. and says have not faith not faith in our Lord Jesus Christ but the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. So the faith that we are talking about that have to become perfect faith. It has to become the faith of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; More than just believe in God because Satan also believe God. But you more than that no I I I sympathize with the message. I accept the message to certain point. Yeah. It's good but it's not good enough. We need to come to the point where you have the faith of God inside of your soul. God, give me the faith of the son of God. Amen. More than just believing. Amen. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The prophet says, "Human faith wasn't enough then it is not enough. Now, it takes the very faith of the son of God to drop into a man's heart so that he can receive the Lord of glory into the temple not made with hands. Paul did not say he believed, he lived by the faith in the son of God. But it was the faith of the son of God that had given him life and kept him living in Christian victory. Do you want to have Christian victory? God, give me the faith of God. Amen. Your own faith, the faith of God, the faith of Abraham, the faith of the son of man. Amen. Then to weaken that seed of God himself. Hebrews 11 as Paul is summarized the life of Abraham said by faith when he had was called to go out into a place which he should not which he should after receive for inheritance which he should after receive for inheritance. Abraham obeyed God. So Abraham did not only believe and stay at the same place, you know. So I believe God, but I stay same place. No, when you believe, you obey. Amen. &gt;&gt; When you believe, you go to action. I believe and obey because work is the expression of the faith. Amen. You want faith. But that faith has to be expressed through the works. Amen. Through the mind, through the body has been has become visible. has become visible. Amen. Can't just uh keep it in your in your in in your heart and say that I believe but let me express it through my works. Amen. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Then you know the story of Abraham and Sarah's body as they were changed they became young and in order to produce the son of the promise. I want to focus on the faith of the body change. Prophet says God changed her body and turned them back. It's a mystery that has to be revealed now in this day by the son of man. The evening message say turn back and that was the last sign they seen what the discernment before the change of the body of the body before the change of the body come. So this mystery of of the translation this mystery of the body change has to be revealed in this day by the son of man. The evening message, the evening message is the only message that can give the revelation of the translation, the revelation of the change of the body. Amen. You cannot find the revelation of the change of the body outside of the message of the hour. They might poke here, they might try here, they might represent here, but the message of the hour unveils what it is. The Bible we couldn't read that the body of Abraham was actually changed until the messenger came and he told us you know the Bible is written in such a way that only those who have the revelation can read between the lines. How could a king try to marry a old woman? No, it's not possible. He cannot marry an old woman. A king who has plenty of many girls he could find just to go and find that old woman. Oh, there is something that is working really bad in that in that king if it was the case. So, she had to be changed and become young again and then he could love or last. Oh, I will have a beautiful queen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Only the prophet could pick that in the Bible and reveal that to us. Amen. And thank God for that. But how did that happen? How was it possible? How was it just a miracle in one day? Was how did it happen? Amen. The prophet says the first thing the same thing that he's going to do next and after that remember after the sign was manifested fully to Abraham and his group then the next thing come was that change and see that when we we done seen everything through justification sanctification the baptism of the Holy Ghost blessing of the son and the signs and wonders of him being in his presence and discern the thoughts of the heart and so forth as He says, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." We see that taking place right now. What was the next thing? The change of the body. So show that this we are looking for an expected son. Glory. Amen. Is that right? We cannot meet him in these bodies. You cannot expect to meet the Lord Jesus Christ in these bodies. Another place you will say these bodies are too heavy. There's so many things they need to be lightened by something else. Amen. If we are changed back to young men and women, still we can't see because we have to meet him in the air. Think about it. If you're just changed to be a young person, if you're just changed to be a young a young boy, young girl, does it qualify you to see the Lord Jesus Christ? No. Because we were young once. Amen. For those who are old, some of us are still young. Do you see the Lord Jesus Christ in the flesh? No. So something has has to be changed. Adam, Abraham and Sarah was not just changed to become young and then solve the problem of having a child. No, something had to be changed from the inside so that they could produce the son as well. It's not just changing to become young that solve the problem. Amen. Something has to happen from the inside. That what is giving the mystery of translation. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he says there has to be something done besides change us back to young men and women. We've got to be changed and caught up in the air to meet him. And the next thing coming is the rapture of the church and the change of the body of the sleeping of the sleeping saints to meet the Lord Jesus in the air. As the Bible says, Hebrews 11 talking about Sarah and Abraham says, "These all died in faith, not having the promise, but having seen them were persuaded of them and embraced them." They embraced the promise of they embraced the promise of the body change. They embraced that. They they saw it for they saw it become in type in their life. But I believe they also saw a little bit of what God is going to do in reality in our lives because they were just a type. We are now the antitype of what they lived. Amen. Amen. They just received the type and we have the antitype of what they lived and said they embraced them. And we need to embrace the message. I like that. We need to embrace the message. We need to cherish the message. We need to love the message. You need to become part of the message. It has to become your your favorite things. Amen. The best thing you like has to be the message of the hour. We can give our life for the message of the hour. It's all our life. They embraced them and they confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. But now they desire a better country that he is a heavenly. Wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God, for he had prepared for them a city. But I'm not going to be but you and I we're going to be part of the body change and go into that city that they're looking for without going through the way of death. They they to go into that city they had to go through the way of death. They experienced the body change but after that they had to go to the way of death. I was just thinking about it. I'm not it was on my note but I was just thinking about it. You know even though they went to the body changed they became young but still the Bible count their days from the place when they started thinking about it but but think about it they went through the way of death but you and I we are not going to go to the way of death by God's grace if the rapture happens. Amen. Because we we are not in the antitype we are in the reality of what they they went through. Amen. The prophet says they ask him a question explain the mystery of the translation of the bride. Then he says it's not this outside. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. It isn't. In other words, says it's not it's not don't focus too much on this outside here. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As he's describing, don't desri don't focus too much on the outside. Say it's subject to death and will die. But inside part of you down in here inside that is the person that can never die. Say the focus is here. That's the person that can never die. &gt;&gt; So if you want to understand the translation, look at where that person that cannot die. So that's the person that the new life starts from from this new birth and it builds another person in the image of this person you are around that life. You get it? So potential it's there. So potential the body the body change is right here. Potential it's already there. potentially it's already there that small seed there but the life it has to build it has to grow it has to grow it has to grow are you with me &gt;&gt; so potentially it's there and what is it the word promised before the foundation of the world and around there this only reflect the negative this only reflect the negative but this here is the positive it says that will reflect that will reflect the positive the word so the same thing here the translation of the bride will be the same thing the words that in you the body will materialize around that word that seed that God put there is the word of God so that word of God when it meets the word of God that comes from the outside it's quicken Amen the more it eats the word of God from the outside the more it's growing the more it's taking full control of the whole body amen &gt;&gt; that's why from the inside you can have control upon the body. The prophet say the proof of the proof that you have been born again is when this body is subject to the inside. &gt;&gt; That's the control tower that one has to be controlling you. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can do many things here from the outside are good things but if there is no life inside there it's useless. Amen. So it has to come from the inside going outside. but by listening for the word of God that comes from the outside. That's why we can never overemphasize the importance of listening to the word of God &gt;&gt; because you are the word of God. &gt;&gt; In order to grow, you need the word of God. &gt;&gt; You cannot add a seed in the natural as a seed is growing the womb of the mother. You cannot have one cell that of a nature of a pig and one cell of the nature of a of of a chameleon. One oh what you become a monster. Amen. It has to be the cell of a human being that continue to grow, that continue to grow, that continue to grow. The same thing if you are the word of God, a small portion of the word of God here, you have to receive the word of God in order to grow and become the full maturity of the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it has to be the word of God for your age. &gt;&gt; It has to be the word of God for our age. The word of God of Luther could never produce the rapturing faith. The word of God of of Wesley could never produce the rapturing faith. It has to become the word for the season. The word for the rapturing faith that will produce the faith for the rapture. &gt;&gt; So we are not just an organization or a group. We are the very bride of Jesus Christ predestinated for the rapture in this age. &gt;&gt; He says that body will materialize around the world and the same thing did by Sarah. When that old body that she had the first body, it had to be changed in order to produce a son. You get it? That body could not do it. This body cannot do it. It have to be changed the same way to receive the sun. It has to be changed from the inside to the outside. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; The prophet says or the Bible says Hebrews 11 this old having obtained a good report through faith received not the promise have God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. So it's not because we are better than Luther. Not because we are better than Wesley or you know in the natural way. No they had to receive the word for their age. The revelation that was released for their age. The measure of the faith that was released for their age and it produced justifications. They had to release the the word for age produced sanctification. Now the word that has been released for age has to produce the body change. Amen. The prophet says, "I want you to get built upon now, built up now on this this holy oracle of God in the faith, the faith of this hour. The faith, it's going to take more faith than ever was in any age for this has to be rapturing faith to be taken up. So if you want you to believe tonight in all that we have seen heard the word that we have heard preached the signs and the wonders that we have done seen you you you we want you to accumulate all that together in your heart and consider it whether it be God or not. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Abraham was not in Sodom. He was already called out. There was one stayed and talked to him. The one stayed and talked with him showed him a sign. With his back turned, he said, he he said Sarah was going to have the baby that he had waited for. Amen. With his back turned, he called it God Elohim. That brings you that brings to pass today because we have faith. I know this is of God is because this and other scripture point to this hour. Revelation 10 says in the hour of the seventh angel message when he begins to sound forth his message not a healing service but the message that follows the healing service. There is no other let me say this there is no other thing that can produce the body change except you receive the ministry of the son of man. Pentecostals calls it, you know, the word of wisdom. Oh, brother Bam had only the word of wisdom. Now, you know, it was good ministry. It was a prophet. It was a servant of God. They put him in a a minor prophet. They say, "Oh, it was just the word of wisdom." No, it's more than the word of wisdom. It was the ministry of the son of man. Because in order to produce the body change, you need to receive the ministry of the son of man. The same way as Abraham had to receive the ministry of the son of man. That's what the prophet said. He called him God Elohim. &gt;&gt; We went through that on Wednesday. You know the message is not about brother Vanam. Brother Vanam was just a man. But the God inside of brother Vanam was the God Elohim. Amen. As brother Bam was be speaking and discerning the thought, he will say, you know, I have to listen to the tapes to hear what he said. &gt;&gt; Because it's not me saying, it was him saying sometimes he will turn the the the is the back, I don't know you, I don't know him, I can't even see you. But he would describe the person in the room to showing that is the same ministry as Abraham received in order to produce the son of God. In order to produce the promised son, you need to receive the ministry of the son of man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The church has to be the word and he is the word and the two unites together. And to do that, the prophet says it will take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. &gt;&gt; Amen. We are not in the age where the faith is the prevalent ver virtue. But we are in the age of of of of the capstone or the age of brotherly kindness by the capstone coming down. But let me tell you the capstone as he comes down the the person of the Holy Ghost when he comes down he has to give us perfect faith. &gt;&gt; The faith that we have to receive is more faith than any other age because now we have to receive the faith for the rapture. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The first age could have received that faith for the rapture. But they went away for the first love. They backslid before they could receive that. Thank God in our age this Eve can never be deceived. &gt;&gt; She has received the perfect word to produce the perfect love, the perfect faith of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. We should more should be more thankful for what God has done in our life. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why the prophet says Jesus went forth and preached. He said he healed the sick and everything. And that young rabbi or the prophet, he's a great fellow. We want him in our church. But one day he stood up and said, "I and my father are one." So in other words, Jesus Christ had also the first pool, the second pool, and the third pool. the first pool and many young people. These are good to to re review all those things. The voice pool was when you could sense you know the sickness in the flesh and it's manifesting on the flesh and if it disappears it will declare you you are healed. It was affecting the body the flesh. That's why the first pool was affecting. Amen. The second pool was in the mind. The reading of the thought &gt;&gt; affect the mind &gt;&gt; and you could read the thought what you are thinking and oh and everything. Oh and it could discern that the thought and of the mind or what you what you are thinking about. But the third pull it goes to the soul to the heart to the soul. It goes deeper deeper inside. Amen. That's why the prophet say you can be anointed with the Holy Ghost in the body as much as you can. You can speak in tongues. You can feel sensation all the thing and there are genuine Holy Ghost upon the body. Sometimes you can feel it in the mind. You feel like oh I'm feel so good. I feel like today I'm saved. Oh and I'm going forward. I'm a Christian. You feel that in the mind. Say you all that is good but you can you are still lost. In this age you are still lost. Only when it goes deep into the soul &gt;&gt; and that's what the message of the hour come. The message of the hour come to speak to the soul to discern the intent of the soul of the heart of the soul. The message comes to give us faith in the soul. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Different for denominations, different from any other systems. It comes to speak to change the heart. That's why the ministry of Malachi 4 is to change the heart, to change the soul. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The prophet says, hope I'm not shouting, amen. &gt;&gt; Hope it's okay. But one day he stood up and said I and my father are one. Oh my. They didn't want him no more. Then I believe the bride has to come to the place you know now the father Jesus Christ and I we are one. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Your unity of the bride. The harmony that was between the father and Jesus Christ. Now the same harmony has to happen between Jesus Christ and the bride. I and my father we are one. Or they didn't want him no more. Oh, except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood. He didn't explain it. He said, "Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you." Why? I imagine some doctors and nurses say this fellow is a vampire trying to get us to drink his blood. See, they didn't understand it. They know it. But this disciple, they did not have to be able to explain, but they sat there and believed it anyhow for it was revealed to them. It was revealed to them. They know it. The scripture had declared it. Amen. They had to they in that time they had to eat the flesh and the blood of the son of man. But actually the same thing applies to us as well. You and I, we have to eat this the flesh and drink the blood of the son of man once again. Because we are not feeding upon a man. We're not feeding upon a theory of brother Bannam. We are feeding upon the body word and unfailing body word of the son of man. We have to feed upon the ministry of the son of man in order to have the body change. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why it's important to to to come to church. It's important to listen to the tapes. It's very extremely important. We can never overemphasize that you want to have victory in the time of laudicia and to meet the challenge of the age, you have to feed upon the word of God. &gt;&gt; There's no other solution. The provided way is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's one thing I can give you an advice. Stay with the word of God. There's so many distraction going on. So many Facebook and chat Snapchat and all the different things. Oh, just to distract us because they're distracting us from feeding upon the son of man. &gt;&gt; Let put sometimes all those things aside. I want to feed upon the son of man. Amen. &gt;&gt; And sometimes even the song I would encourage you to to to listen to the songs where that where they're mentioning the the word of God over age more if I could encourage you. Why? Because that it should produce life. Amen. That's what we are called for. We are we are predestinated for &gt;&gt; God is waiting on us. Amen. &gt;&gt; The prophet says you're not feeding on a man. A man his word will fail but you are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. If you haven't fed fully fully on every word to give glory to to give yourself to give yourself strength to fly above all these denomination and things of the world. Will you at this time do it? Because there is only way to fly above the denomination. the things of the world is to feed upon the body word unfailing body word of the son of man. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So do you know what happens if you reject the third pool? Last time we showed how to become if you reject the message of the eye you become a candidate to be to receive the mark of the beast. But now again if you reject the third pool you risk to be part of what first Corinthians 13 says. Though I speak with tongues of man and angels have not charity. I have become a sounding brass of tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have no charity, I am nothing. &gt;&gt; Although I bestow all my goods to feed the poor and though I give my body to be burned to be burned and have no charity, it profitth me nothing. This is the time of the maturity of the Christians. Those things that I'm not saying they're not useful. They're useful. They're important. But it goes deeper than that. It has to become the love of God. The prophet says take all the gift that you have in the scripture. The devil can impersonate anything. He can impersonate anything. Any gift, any work. He can imperson many things here. Even some people, some are even trying to impersonate some discernment. You know today trying to impersonate sometime they fail but trying to impersonate that because the devil can impersonate many things in the spirit in the body but the only thing he cannot impersonate it is the soul that se that inside of you there he can never impersonate that &gt;&gt; you know in the natural your DNA is what you are nobody can impersonate that the same thing when you have the seed of God is the DNA of God himself there nothing can impersonate that. Amen. The only thing that can give life to that seed is the word of God. &gt;&gt; The word of the ministry of the son of man. The third pool we have received. Amen. &gt;&gt; It will produce the love of God. &gt;&gt; And the real love of God. Amen. The love of God that will come from the inside going to the outside. Amen. Sometime we can have the little of love of God here. You know I will be with my brother. I will be with the people who love me. Those who hate me, you know, I put them. I can't stand them. I just tell you the clothes that you look like a lovely person it's maybe on this side over here but when it come from the inside here the real agap love proverb say you'll be even able to love your worst enemy but you still love him you still pray for him you still want the best of for him oh god help us to come to that level where we can have the real love of god inside there oh lord I can love anybody says we prophet said the devil can impersonate every one of them but he can't impersonate love because love is genuine. The devil can't love. That's one thing he can't do. The enemy, the devil doesn't love you. It might look like he's giving you good things, but he doesn't love you. He has no ability to love. The devil can't love any person. He doesn't love. He always takes you and will bring you further than you thought you will go. He doesn't love you. Amen. Let's put that now to to our level as well. If you don't love your brother or your sister, no, if come to the point say I can't stand that brother, I can't stand that sister. Maybe you are in a very dangerous place where you are doing the job of the enemy because God loves an unconditional love. Unconditional love. No matter what they have done to you, no matter what they they they will do to me, but I still I still want them to be saved. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I read sometimes the story of brother brother, the one one who killed who killed his his dog Fritz. So now I have to kill that policeman. I have to kill him. But then when he got saved, oh, I prayed for him. He got saved. Can you imagine he's a believer of the one who killed the dog and will be in heaven with the dog he killed. Why? Because oh perfect love takes over all these things. Amen. Oh, that brother did to me that thing. I can't forgive him. I can't know because I Oh, oh, God help us to move ahead of that. Even the Bible says if a man says I love God and hateth his brother, the Bible says he's a liar. For he that loveth not his brother whom he had seen, how can he love God whom he has not seen. &gt;&gt; So I love God, I love God, but you hate your brother, you hate your sister, or you can't help your sister. You can't help your brother. Uh h God God doubts that kind of love. Prophecy says prophet love won't your love reach right back to him. There is a love affair. No matter what the situation is its circumstances is governed by this love that create faith that God loves you and you love God and you love one another. That brings that faith. All right. Then it can't keep from bringing you out just exactly what God promised he will do. So what will bring that faith? When you when God loves you and you in return, you love God and then you love one another. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want perfect faith. I want rapturing faith. The key is there. God loves you first unconditionally. Thank you. Realize, oh, God loved me. Now I love God. Thank you, God. Thank you for loving me. But that could still stay superficial. Now go deeper. Love one another. That will produce perfect faith. Perfect faith is pure. As pure as love is. So when you love somebody, you love your husband or your you love your wife. There's no need of anybody telling you you don't do it because you do do it and you know you do it. That's why in the adoption series, brother Banam will preach and before he preaching those adoption series, God will give him that experience of a translation of going to the other side. And as he went to other side, the voice told him nothing can enter here but perfect love. Nothing can go on the other side but perfect love. But I thought it was only perfect faith. No, perfect faith and perfect love when they come to the perfection is the same thing. Because in order to have perfect faith, you need to have perfect love. The prophet the voice will tell him this is the Holy Ghost. What is the Holy Ghost is perfect love. Amen. What is what is perfect faith? What is the Holy Ghost is perfect faith. In order to come to perfection, you need the perfect love. And what can produce the perfect love? Only if you feed upon the word of God. &gt;&gt; You cannot fabricate perfect love. Perfect love has to come from the word of God. Perfect love has come from the Holy Spirit. Amen. As you feed upon the word of God, you see things going around going away. Things that are not part of the perfect love will go away. Amen. &gt;&gt; But I'm more determined than heaven in my life that it takes perfect love to enter there. Looks like I'm jumping already to capstone already. But just want to say when you come to perfection, the headstone is love. And that love is what has to produce the perfect faith. The prophet says in the message statue of the perfect man that they're waiting for the headstone which is love for God is love and he controls. So that love controls and is the strength of everyone of these others. As a prophet, if you see prophet preaches about justification, Luther had a message of justification. Luther had a message of justification. He could have preached the message of just he preached the message of sanctification. Wesley had the message of of san of justification. Wesley had the message of sanctification. He preached the message of sanctification. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Godliness. He preached it so powerfully preached and he had great miracles. But let me tell you they still left some loose hands. Only when the opening of the word comes and reveals to us what is really justification. Justification is not only being forgiven. Justification is as if we have never never seen to begin with. So the prophet comes at the opening of the word at the third pool which is the opening of the word. He gives us even more clarification of what justification is. Amen. It gives us more strength of what sanctification is. You can be sanctified by just being oh no I want I want and you have to make decisions. You have to get separate from this. You have to make those decision and they are important. You have you have to make a decision to get away from the television. You have to get away from the the phone that keeps you so you have to make that decision. &gt;&gt; But more than that, amen. When the Holy Ghost comes, it gives you power to overcome those things. Amen. that was saying so we you need faith the same thing in the similarity you need the faith and you need to have the faith and Paul preached the faith but when the capstone comes he gives you perfect faith give you the strength to have that perfect faith amen &gt;&gt; aren't you thankful for receiving the message of the hour so Galatians 5:6 says in Jesus Christ neither circumcision ath anything knows because it's about but faith which workketh by love. Prophet says love and faith has to go together. The kings folk they love. The love produces faith. Faith and love is relation. Because you can't have faith unless you got love. &gt;&gt; Because your faith is in a God who is the very essence of love. Amen. &gt;&gt; Faith and love work together just like a young couple. You take a young couple, young woman, and they love each other. They fall in love with one another. Oh, they go along and begin to know one another. Their hearts just begin to be beat as one. They are not husband and wife, but the love binds them together. They have confidence in one another. Oh, if they really love one another, really love, you know that that girl loves you and she knows that you love her. You got confidence, faith in one another. You got faith in one another. If you didn't, you better not marry her. Oh, good advice. If you don't have faith in her, I doubt him. You know, I will see if in marriage I will can arrange that. You know, don't go there. You can't fix things in marriage if you don't have faith before getting married. &gt;&gt; Make sure that he loves you. Make sure that you love that person. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That That's free advertisement. Amen. &gt;&gt; Free. &gt;&gt; Make sure that you laugh. Look, sister Esther has her husband is way but her heart is beating. She's even want me to close a little bit earlier because she want to go and talk to her husband. She's in love. Amen. She's you can come and tell her whatever you want to tell her about husband. She knows her husband than anyone else here. She trusts her husband so much than anything any report you can bring. She has faith in her husband and her husband has faith in her. The same thing spiritually attending. When you love the Lord Jesus Christ, the secret is he loves you. Now you love him back. If you love him back, you have perfect faith because you know that he cannot do anything that will go in order to hurt you. Amen. Because you love him and he loves you back. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to read everything but just want to read that part. He says he had been a Christian a couple. They take that example. I like that example. They got married. They love and had confidence in one another and they got married. So the woman said to the man who was not strong. He said, "Habby, it must be hard on you. You're just a young Christian. You had so much to go through. Drinking is what it was said. You had so much to go through." He said, "I know you are bound to be tempted awfully hard." And he said, "I want you to know one thing that if you happen to fall, if you happen into temptation is overcome, don't stay away from home. You come, you come on back. You're right. Ah, you come right here because I'm going to be right here waiting for you and I'm going to help you pray through again until you get victory." &gt;&gt; That's a wonderful wife. See a husband is weak in that area. It can be the other way around. You see your wife is weak in that area. Say no. Give him that unconditional love. You see your ch children that weak in this area. Give them that unconditional love because that's what God has done for us. &gt;&gt; Says you you can you you make a mistake. You make a decision to follow me. You'll make mistakes. But remember wherever you are, if you make a mistakes, come still. Come still to me. I'm still there waiting for you because I'm going to help you get through. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you could put that, you know, sometimes we take the other way around. Oh, I I Oh, no. I I done something wrong. No, I I can't go to church. I feel like I'm No, I No, don't go away. Come because he's still waiting for you here. &gt;&gt; If you go away, you you'll go down deeper. That's what the enemy wants you to go. But stay stay in the word of God. You go more in the word of God because he's there waiting for you. His love is unconditional. Amen. And in our natural life where the same thing, brother, my sister, brother, I love you unconditionally. No matter what, I still love you. My son, my daughter, I still love you no matter what. I still love you. My love is unconditional. No man can come to me except the father draws him first. And God drawn in that mark where you were and sought you and brought you out. that ought to create a perfect love. Look what he was and look what you are. What did that somebody loves you? Can't you have faith in what he has promised you? Then real genuine love will create confidence in his word. He caught me when I was nothing. I'm still nothing but I'm in his hand. He caught me and I and he loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you were unlovable but he changed you just like the carrot sister say that in time is her testimony. I'm not what I ought to be. I'm not what I want to be but I'm not what I used to be. She know that she come from somewhere something happened. That's the way it is. If God when I was an alien from him so loved me till he stooped down to get me and pick me up that gives me confidence that he wants to use me. He's got a purpose in doing it. Amen. He's seen something in me. Amen. He seen something in you. He had a reason to save you. Look at the people that are saved today. Look at the million that he could not save, but he saved you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I love that. Look at the people that they didn't he didn't save them, but he loved you. Amen. So, how do I get perfect love? We're talking about perfection. We're not talking about just without perfection. Perfection. going to erase some of the things you feel. He can wait. Perfection, perfect love. Create sovereign grace. Create perfect faith. That's the typical. So as God looks at things, God loved us unconditionally. &gt;&gt; Divine love. As his love was projected, sovereign grace or perfect grace took over. &gt;&gt; As the perfect grace took over, God give us faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; God give us faith. It's a gift of God. God is the perfect. You can't you can't force yourself to have faith. You can't force yourself to have faith. Amen. God gives you that seed and he allows you to read to listen the word of God to come to perfect faith. But in his mind, he loved you unconditionally. As the prophet says, you didn't he he has revealed it to you by his grace. It's nothing you did. You didn't work yourself into faith. You ever have faith? If you ever have faith, it's given to you by the grace of God because God project his love and then the love sovereign grace take over and then that sovereign grace God gives you perfect faith. That's why Paul could say who can separate us from the love of God. Once you have the true revelation of the love of God, once we understand the true revelation of the love of God, I would tell you we won't have be under under fear anymore. Because there is no fear in perfect love. There is no fear in perfect grace. There's no fear in perfect in perfect faith. Why? Because if you have the true revelation that God loves you unconditionally, he can't lose you. You should not be afraid of anything. You should be walking where I we we with confidence in God in confidence in the word of God. God loved me. God loves me. No matter the circumstances, whether they are low, they are deep, they are bad, God loves me. Amen. When you have the revelation of those things, I would say you become when you have the revelation of those things, you become master of circumstances. &gt;&gt; Amen. You just read my cryptic word there. But you become a master of circumstance because why? It's not what you It's not what you feel anymore. It's not what you think even anymore. But it's deep inside that. It's it's the tower of control there. It's the control tower that say no God loves me. God loves me. I have the revelation of God loves me. That's why the prophet says you you know the stormy skies or the blue skies is not a type or or the clean skies paraphrasing is not is not a sign of God's approval. The approval of God is God's love. God has elected me before the foundation of the world whether it's going good or it's going bad I know that God loves me. How do you know that God loves you? He gave you the word of God. Only you have that capability to hear the word of God and say, "Oh, that's nothing else but the truth." &gt;&gt; Can you imagine? Haty right was there and said that's nothing but the truth. The deacon was there. He could not say that's nothing but the truth. But he had that capacity to say that's that's the truth. There &gt;&gt; God has given you the same capacity to recognize the word of God for you. That's the sign. That's the proof, the ultimate proof that God loves you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So the cloudy skies and storms of pray or storms of life are no sign of God's approval. Neither are bright skies or still waters. Signs of his love or approval. His approvals of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? The prophet says yes. How shall we know? We shall know because he said so and manifested. Manifest that he did love us. For he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit placing us as sons. How shall I prove my love to God now? by believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to pass. In other words, the trials that in his grace or election or fornowledge or predestination is allows to pass in order to try my faith. But I still trust him &gt;&gt; because he loved me and his love is unconditional. Lord, make us master of circumstances. Why are we tossed to and fro? Why we are worried so much? Why? Because sometimes we allow the outside here to influence our inside but should be the inside influencing the outside. &gt;&gt; Help us Lord. &gt;&gt; When Satan tempt us, we are to resist him with a perfect faith in a perfect love. Prophet says perfect faith is the master of all circumstances. Perfect faith masters all circumstances. No matter what it is, it masters it. Just watch when you believe anything, do anything or you got faith in what you are doing. No matter what the circumstance is, you don't have one thing to do with it. It masters that circumstance. If it's a room of sickness and the Lord revealed that this certain thing is going to happen, you just speak it and go on. Don't ask questions, it's already over. Just keep going. It masters all circumstances. Amen. Amen. Well, if you do this or that, it's going this and no, just it all got mastered. Amen. Faith believes what God that God will work it out. I don't know how it's going to do it, but you'll do it anyhow. It masters all circumstances. &gt;&gt; Don't try to figure it out. Lord, I just trust you. I trust your word and I believe your word and I keep moving on. You know, in the millennium, Satan is going to be bound by the chain of circumstances because he won't have any place where he can work through. Now, the body is not redeemed yet. So he still has a channel here coming here and sometimes affect even our spiritual life and when you become weak because he still he still have circumstances that comes to affect us. But let me tell you in millennium he won't have that channel anymore. It will be bound here. &gt;&gt; But let me tell you when you have perfect faith this place he has no access. If those circumstances don't affect the inside anymore, you already living in a spiritual millennium in the soul because Satan has no access to the soul once we have perfect faith. You are the master of circumstances. I am sick but all is well. &gt;&gt; Oh, my children are not serving the Lord, but all is well. They will come back. My wife is not serving the Lord. Oh, they they will come back. My husband, oh no, don't worry. they will come back because the faith of God will believe all the word of God and I won't depend on the circumstances. I'll believe the word of God and keep confessing and keep moving on. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where we are called up to you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Abraham had to wait for 25 years. But as he received the ministry of the son of man, he accepted it. I would tell you it happened. Amen. He had the son. Amen. The same thing for your circumstances. It will happen no matter what the enemy is trying to put there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now think about the word of God. The what we have received our age. I'll be closing. Give me 10 minutes. The word operating in human flesh by physical signs, by material signs, by scriptural signs perfectly to bring to you a perfect faith for a perfect rapture. Why can't we look at it? Not a mystic. The prophet says the devil has put everything in the world before you to keep you keep you from believing it. He'll bring in a meeting and tried to throw everything he can in front of you. Shake it away from you. The Bible says rise and shake yourself. &gt;&gt; Pinch yourself. His spirit is here. He knows you. You've got one thing to do and that's to believe it, to accept it. He knows. You believe that? He knows what in you. He knows what you are. He knows what your d desire is. He knows what you have need of. Amen. &gt;&gt; God knows what the situation is. He knows what you're going on, what you're doing in your life. He says, is it wonderful to know that we don't have to take some human philosophy? We got a Bible here that speaks of it. Here is he is here he is to identify his church to give it rapturing faith to be taken away. How could a person ste sit still? We have everything to identify his church to give it rapturing faith to be taken away. Personally that's my personal now I'm putting my thought that's my person brother will talk about two category of people two category of believers. Some believers they don't have anything in the bank account but they will still want to buy things and oh no I think I have my bank is full and they will still buy try to buy things I'll say they're just borrowing they're just using a credit card but nothing behind that that the bank account is empty yeah and and and I I'll say the Pentecostal how in that group probably because they have also some great things and happening oh how come we don't have in the message. How come? Oh, they're just using the credit card. Nothing behind. They're moving on. But there also another category. They have everything. The bank account is full, but they don't know how to use the credit card. They don't have the PIN number or or they don't they think that there's nothing there. Maybe they still think that there's they don't they are not benefiting from what they have. And I think many Christians the message fall in that category where we think that we we we are nothing there is nothing but all heaven is behind us. The whole message came to confirm the whole heaven came to confirm that this message is the absolute is the truth. God himself Jesus Christ himself came down in the form that could be photographed to testify and confirm that this message is the truth. Let me tell you your bank account is full. Amen. &gt;&gt; Once you have the Holy Spirit, your bank account is full. &gt;&gt; You can just apply the pin. The pin number is the faith and faith is the key to open everything &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus Christ. I receive what I have need of because I'm a son of God. I have the seed of God. It's not me who called myself. God called me. Because I'm a son or daughter of God, I can use whatever I have need of. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't belittle yourself. You are you have received the most precious and glorious message that could ever stack that could have struck the earth is the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; That's why the proverb say the same yesterday, today and forever. The manifestation of his spirit is catching away the bride. Let that faith revelation fall into the heart that this is the hour. We have received the message of the hour because it is the hour where we have to receive perfect faith. It's not another age. There won't be another age. This is the age. This is the season where we have to receive the perfect faith, rapturing faith. Prophet says to the Pentecostal church of this day, the restoration of the gift. May the Lord, those men, maybe some of them present here, some of them hearing the tape around the world, may they realize that this is the calling out of the bride. The message is the calling out of the bride, not a Pentecostal message. The Pentecostal message was to restore the gift back in the church to restore the gift and the worked on on these two spheres. But this is now the calling out of the bride, the soul. Amen. Says, but this is the calling for for the bride. another message that was to come just before Sodom was to be burned. Let them understand, dear God. He's praying that and that also my prayer. Lord, help us to understand &gt;&gt; that this is the calling out of the bride. Not another church, but the calling out of the bride. &gt;&gt; Let the faith that has been released through the message drop into my heart now. This is the astronaut age. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not it's not it's not a horse age. It's not the car. It's not even it's not even the airplane. It's the astronaut age. Let me go into those spheres of faith, Lord. Let me go deeper in my relationship with you, Lord. That's where I want to be, Lord. I want to be in that perfect faith and perfect love with you, Lord. &gt;&gt; That's where I desire to be. &gt;&gt; Prophet says, remember the countdown says, remember they are powers. All were horrorowers. All of it is host power. The church is just moving up. The Holy Ghost power is the Holy Ghost that the justified is the same Holy Ghost but justified in the other ages is justified. The other ages is sanctified. The other ages gave the gift of the Holy Spirit. But it says in this age the Holy Ghost gives us rapturing faith as we move up. We are in the age for rapturing faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. It says, "I'm looking for a time for a breakthrough of the spirit of God in these last days that we are now living in for another surge of the Holy Spirit into the church for a rapturing faith." Lord, give us that surge of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; We desire that surge of the Holy Spirit to give us rapturing faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; While we don't want to stay behind, &gt;&gt; we don't want to be want to be the foolish virgin. No, we are called to be the the wise virgin to be those who receive the perfect faith, the rapturing faith because it here the third pool is here. The third pool has been identified says we are now at a time that the world should the word of God should have preeminence. That's why I have the preminence in my life. As I live, as I'm husband, as a father, as a as a mother, as a teenager, let the word of God have preminence your life. &gt;&gt; Don't let the other things have preminence your life, controlling you, you know, leading you, become slaves of circumstances. Oh, I can't get out of this. Oh, this is too much on you. This is has power over you. Let me tell you, there is a solution. The Holy Spirit is here to give you power over anything that keeps to bind you, try to bind you in your mind, in your flesh. The Holy Spirit is here to give you free liberty. The Holy Spirit is here to give you freedom. The Holy Spirit to release you. Amen. It's here, the perfect love, the perfect faith. Amen. The Holy Spirit, the person of the Holy Spirit is here to give you that. Amen. I'll close with this. Sounds negative, but Matthew 7:21 says, "Not everyone saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that said that doth the will of my father which is in heaven." Many will say to me on that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? Prophesied the sphere of the spirit. They have prophesied in thy name. In thy name have not cast out devils. They have a little bit of faith. In thy name have done many wonderful works. And then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me. He that work iniquity. God will say without the Holy Sp without the third pool. Rejecting the third pool you are rejecting that relationship with God. I know you. I have a relationship with you. The Holy Ghost. The third pull comes to bring that relationship with God. That's what the message comes. The the me brother says the my my theme my my goal is to bring that relationship between each individual with God to restore that relationship. Oh Lord I don't want to miss that relationship with you. I don't want to be toward the bondage or consider the message as a law as a constraint or something to push me. No, I want that relationship. He's my husband. is my all in all. He has preeminence in my life. I want that relationship to be maintained. I want it to come from the inside to the outside. I will cast out devils. I will prophesy but I will do the will of God. What is the will of God? The will of God is to do to do the me to follow the message of the hour of your age. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me put in a parenthesis we're talking about Abraham. Imagine Abraham had to follow the instructions of Noah when God said you know follow me and he's following the instruction of Noah that won't be the obedience that won't be the will of God for his age. Abraham had to follow the word of God for his age and show obedience to word of God for his age. The same thing for us. We is not just to be a Christians but Lord I want to be a Christians who is in the center of your will for my age. The message of the hour that has come Lord let me receive it from deep inside my soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The prophet say the spirit can come out here and you to do certain things and you do it but it don't mean you are saved. Down there it says it's that inside soul that never dies. It's God eternal life. It's always eternal life. It come from God. It goes to God. That's the soul. So, but when it's directed from the inside, it draws all the rest of it together. That's the guidepost. That the control tower, the inside of the inside. The soul controls the spirit, the spirit controls the body. So, an outside what wash won't make any don't make any difference. them religious back there. So Paul called white world and so forth. He continued the reason I say people can jump and down and speak in tongues and people can shout and lay hands and heal the sick and by faith all these things by the spirit still be lost. That was why anointed ones. But let me tell you but when you have it from the inside to the outside you become like Abraham. Abraham by faith the Bible says Abraham by faith he looked at the things in a different way. As it is written, I made thee a father of many nations before him who you believed even God who quickened the dead and called those things which he be lost as though they were. Who against hope believed in hope that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken shall he shall thy seed be. Are you with me? Don't I want to give me a few minutes. Being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body, now dead when he was about 100 years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded that what he has promised, is able also to perform. The prophet will take that that that scripture and says it wasn't even considered when it was revealed to him. That bed is not considered. You are paralytic. Whatever you are, it is not considered. The wheelchair is not cons is not under consideration for that little boy. Maybe paralyzed. Whatever it is, I don't know. It's not under consideration. Don't even consider it. The doctor said you'll never get out of here. The doctor said she'll never come out. That's not even considered. Well, look, it's an old person in a middle age. That's not even considered. Abraham seed coming forth in the last days to shine like the stars. Let me tell you, you should not have you have received the third pool. Don't consider what the other thing says. You take what the word of God says. As it was for Abraham, he did not consider how dry was the womb of of Sarah, how dead his body was, he did not take that under consideration for the situation you might be going on. No matter how dry it is, no matter how the family is dry, no matter how your husband looks dead, no matter how your children looks dead, look dead. No matter how your wife look, don't put that under consideration. You have to consider the word of God. You have to consider the promise of God. You have to pro consider what God has done for you and the promise that God has given you, you will have the victory. &gt;&gt; Don't even consider your mistakes. Oh, can I make the rapture? Oh, no. If you are born again and you believe the message of the hour, don't consider your mistakes. Look at the word of God. &gt;&gt; I keep pressing on. I'll be part of the rapture. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother of Jesus Christ, let's give the Lord a hand this morning. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. When the world the roll is going up, I'll be there. When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound and time shall be no. And the morning breaks eternal bright and fair. When the saved on earth shall gather over on the other shore and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. &gt;&gt; When the roll &gt;&gt; When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll &gt;&gt; is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. Oh, &gt;&gt; when the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there &gt;&gt; on that bright and cloudless morning. When the dead in Christ shall rise, and the glory of his resurrection share, &gt;&gt; when his chosen one shall gather to their homes beyond the sky, and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the road is called up yonder. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder &gt;&gt; when the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. &gt;&gt; Let us labor. Let us labor for the master from the dawn till setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondous love and care. Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there &gt;&gt; is your testimony. When the road &gt;&gt; When the road is called up yonder. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. [Music] When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. A time when the roll &gt;&gt; when is called up y. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. &gt;&gt; When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. &gt;&gt; Brother Gosh sang it this morning, but we can sing it again. &gt;&gt; When the Savior calls, I will. When he calls for me, I will hear. When the Savior call, I will answer. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; I'll beware. &gt;&gt; I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Hey, I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; If my heart &gt;&gt; If my heart is right when he calls me, if my heart is right, I will hear. If my heart is right when he calls me, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; I'll bewhere &gt;&gt; I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; If my robe is white when he calls me. If my robe is white, he will hear. If my robe is white when he calls me, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. &gt;&gt; Let's give a hand to the Lord once again. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just each person just pray to him and just conf tell him how much you love, how much you appreciate the word of God, how much you thank him for the third pool, for the hour we are living in. And Lord, just give me more of your love. Give me more of your love. Give me more of your love, Lord. Father, we thank you. Thank you this morning, Father, that you have reminded us, Lord, in which age we are living in. How privileged we are, Lord, to be the bride in the last age. The prophet of old, the apostles and all others would have loved to be living in this age that we are living in. But you gave us Father, the promise for better things, Lord, for a body change. You have given us the word of God, &gt;&gt; the opening of the word, Father, to give us, Lord, perfect faith, rapturing faith, for rapturing grace. Father, we thank you for the opening word. We thank you, Father, for the word that come came the perfect word of God to produce perfect faith. Father, we receive it. We embrace it. We love it. We desire to have the preeminence in our lives. Father, may you come and have the permanence in our heart. May you, Father, let the word of God, Lord, have the permanence in our soul, in our spirit, in our bodies. Lord, may you fill us with more of your love, Father. Only you can give us that perfect love of God that cast out fear, that cast out, Father, Lord, trembling, that cast out, Father, Lord, even unbelief, Lord Jesus Christ. Let it have the permanence in our heart, Father, that we can consider what the word of God says and despite of circumstances, despite of situations, just taking your word and walking by faith. Thank you, Father, for your promise. Thank you, Father, for the healing power. Thank you, Father, for salvation. Thank you for restoration. Thank you, Father, for healing the body, healing the mind, healing the soul. Thank you, Father, Lord, for bringing our families back. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ for oh God confirming your word that you can never fail. You can never father Lord disappoint us because you love us father. We trust in you. We thank you for elective love. We give you the glory and the honor. We appreciate you father in the name of Jesus Christ. We praise you father. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Fill my way every day with love. Not only in words, not only in quotes, but Lord, I want that to become life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. How would the world know that you are my disciples? When you have love for one another. That's the love we desire. Amen. Let me walk, blessed Lord. &gt;&gt; Let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou hast gone, leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the low. Fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Fill my way. &gt;&gt; Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dust, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Keep me close. &gt;&gt; Keep me close to the side of my Savior and God. Let me never in darkness roar. &gt;&gt; Keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Fill my way. &gt;&gt; Fill my way every day with love. [Music] As I walk with the heavenly dust, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more, but abide in my home above. Let me sing. Blessed King in the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Is that the desire of your heart? Amen. Amen. Pastor William, would you please have just uh say a few words and or pray for us. You can speak in French. I'll try to translate or English if you want and it's up to you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh thank you pastor. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; God bless you richly. &gt;&gt; We are so happy to be with you. I came with my family to spend some days with you and then we go back. [Music] We have work to do for the Lord. William, I'm your brother, Pastor William. And the scripture says, "Go all all over the world, &gt;&gt; preach the the good news. I go to all five continents, to preach the word of God. I went through Spain. We go to churches that have been left over or left behind. There are also souls. We go the Amazonian. We go to the places that are very far. Usually people go but people it's important to go places where that's why we do that. I bless the pastor for the word this morning. It touched my heart. I realize when we speak about the seed I realize that the son of God if you have you have been a son of God since you come on earth even you be even if you become even if you have a bad life like that woman Samaritan when she met she became back to what she was in heaven anywhere and you come on earth, you take a a holiness that has been manufactured. [Music] You do the what's against you don't have the true love [Music] as the prophet says to forgive your enemy. That's love. able to forgive the one who tried against you. That's why Paulist insist [Music] it says Jesus the mediator of the new covenant and the precious blood that speak that speaking better than the blood of Abel. Abel was still pointing to the evil that he killed me. He will point to his brother. He's speaking father. May God bless brother Moses. &gt;&gt; Thank you brother. Thank you. God bless you. I can pray now. Our father and our God. Thank you for your servants. Children who came the word of God the pres. Here we were sitting. Bless his name. May you bless this church. Every person who go through the door, come in this place. May you give them sick. May you give them bless. May you bless their spirit. be heard this morning. The body can fall sick, the mind can fall sick. May you heal the soul where God wants to live. May you submit us to love in the perfect love. May you bring us back home. If there are needs, if there are needs among us, there is any desire, may you can see that bless brother. They will be in to the bride and they will have [Music] the message. May you blessed [Music] the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you, Pastor Willie. We appreciate you. Thank you for the family. God bless you richly and may you spend good time among us. Amen. Amen. As we'll be dismissed, um take my hand, fill it up. You know that song, take and build it up. [Music] Well, it has been my heart, but we can change it. We can just put down [Music] change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. &gt;&gt; Sing it like a prayer tweet. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. &gt;&gt; You are the You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Dismissed. May God bless you richly. Greet one another.
