################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - RWF 2025 04 23 Bro Max Boateng Reasonable No More - Max Boateng Reasonable.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   RWF 2025 04 23 Bro Max Boateng Reasonable No More
Speaker: Max Boateng Reasonable
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hz4TUn76YNc
========================================

Description:
Sermon entitled "Reasonable No More," preached by Brother Max Boateng at Restored Word Fellowship Wednesday evening, April 23, 2025.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Jesus [Music] and pure. Oh thou savior divine all my nature refine. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. all his wonderful passion and purity. Oh thou savior divine, all my nature refined till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. One more time. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. Oh thou savior divine, all my nature refined, till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Amen. Welcome and God bless. [Music] &gt;&gt; What a day that will be. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me to the promised land. What a day. Glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrows there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day. Glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. Verse two, there'll be no sorrows there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness or pain. No more parting over there and forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. No more mortgage payments. &gt;&gt; No more sickness. No more uh no more cars. I get hit by deers. That one's for me. Um yeah, and just it's as I get older, it gets weird aging because you everything is changing, but it gets easier to let go of everything else. Like when you're young, you want to live, and when you're older, you just want to live forever, I guess. and and I just I'm kind of in between now and I want to see my kids grow up, but I want to see the Lord coming. [Music] 1087. You are my all and all. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a precious jewel, Lord to give up. I'd be a fool. You are my all in all. Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame, rising again, I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God. Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Think of you as a precious jewel. Lord to give up. I be a fool. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your name. Let's stand. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] There's a couple of prayer requests. One's for brother Moses's mother whether she's how's she doing. She's doing better. She's getting better. So, praise the Lord. We we'll pray for her and sister Claudia uh is looking for work and brother Benjamin will be soon too. Uh and we just we're trusting the Lord's going to provide for and again for brother Hakalak. I don't know how he's doing heard yet. just bow our heads for the Lord of prayer. Lord, Father in heaven, Lord, we just we thank you, Lord, that we Father, we can give you glory, Lord, and and Lord, that Lord, there's there's no separation there, Lord. That you, Lord, you took the Lord, the inner veil, Lord, and you tore it, Lord, and you removed it, Lord. That Lord, that we could, Lord, enter in with you, Lord. that we could, Lord, not just be in a building, but Lord, you could dwell in us, Lord. Lord, that separation was, Lord, a separation of flesh, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that you can dwell in these houses, Lord, and just in this flesh, Lord, and my brothers and my sisters, Lord. And Father, we just, Lord, we ask that you come, Lord, here this evening, Lord, that you meet with us, Lord. Lord that you speak Lord to us this evening and Lord just and abide here with us Lord have communion with us Lord Lord and Lord that we could Lord hear you speak Lord that we could speak with you Lord that Lord that we could Lord just be in your presence Lord Lord you Lord you see the needs Lord before us Lord and I just Lord I just want to thank you first before before Lord we bring anything before you Lord that you have always been a provider Lord Father that you've always been a healer, Lord. That you, Lord, you always know what our need is before we Lord, before we ask, Lord. Lord, and there's been many times, Lord, where I haven't needed to ask. I've just had something in my heart, Lord, and you've, Lord, you've brought it before me, Lord. Lord, so we bring, Lord, Sister Claudia, Lord, before you and Brother Benjamin, Lord, and Lord, there's there's work there for them, Lord. And we're just we're claiming it, Lord, for them, Father. Would you Lord provide their need Lord provide Lord what they have need of Lord and Lord in in the amount they need Lord not not too much Lord that they Lord this church Lord but enough Lord that it provide their need Lord that they could be here with us and Lord in the right type of work Lord not something that's too laborous Lord or Lord anything like that Lord but Lord also Lord be with brother Moses mother Lord we Lord we give her healing Lord in Jesus Christ's name Lord that you'd Lord Lord We we've already seen you work, Lord, in Brother Zigg, Lord, and you've given him strength and Lord and and you touched him, Lord. And Lord, you're the Lord, you're the same God, Lord. And we just we thank you, Lord, for for being with her, Lord. Give them strength, Lord. The family also, Lord, and Lord, would we, Lord, just remember them in prayer, Lord. And Lord, for Lord, for Lord, brother Johnny Huckle, Lord, would you, Lord, strengthen him, too, Lord? I don't know the situation, Lord. Lord, would you Lord, Lord, touch them, Lord, Father, and Lord, whatever needs there are, spoken or unspoken, Lord, Lord, Brother Victor, Lord, traveling, Lord, and Lord, their their family away, Lord, where Lord, would you go, Lord, and and meet with your children, Lord, wherever they are, Lord, Lord, and just guide us, Lord. We pray, Lord. And Lord, wherever, Lord, they're your children are meeting, Lord, go with them, Lord. We, Lord, we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can greet one another. [Music] [Music] My boat of life sails on the troubled seas. Whenever there's a wind in my sail, I have a friend who's watching over me when the breeze turns into a gale. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the highs. Among the peaks my soul can be found. An unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. May bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes, sometimes I soar like an eagle to the heights among the peaks. My soul can be found. Unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. May bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. I know. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. &gt;&gt; Greater he that is in me. You can have your seats if you'd like. Let's [Music] start off with the chorus there. [Music] Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. On the day of Pentecost, a mighty rushing wind blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. With the power greater than any earthly foe, I'm so glad I've got it. Now I'm going to let the whole world know. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Satan like a roaring lion roaming to and fro seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. How many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak out? But God has promised us today his overcoming power. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Greater greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. When we all get to heaven. 403. Sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. In the mansions, bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. While we walk the pilgrim pathway, clouds will overspread the sky. Oh, bling days are over. Not a shadow, not a sign. When we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the toils of life repay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. Onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. Soon the pearly gates will open. We shall tread the streets of gold when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the tours of life repay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. [Music] Sing number three. Feeling so much bre as brother Moses would come. Feeling so much better talking about this good old day. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Well, the devil, he don't like it. talking about this good old way. The devil, he don't like it. Talking about the Lord. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. &gt;&gt; Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Feeling so much better talking about this good old way. Feeling so better talking about the Lord. So let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good. &gt;&gt; Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. They never don't like it talking about this good old way. They never don't like it talking about the Lord. Let's go home. Let's go on talking about good. Let's go home. Let's go home talking about the Lord. Amen. Let's give a hand to the Lord this evening. Glory to his name. &gt;&gt; As we talk about him, he comes. &gt;&gt; He promises word if we talk about him, he will come. Amen. As those who are going to emer comes. Amen. So this evening, we are happy to talk about him. That's why the devil doesn't want us to talk about him. Amen. But we'll talk more and more about our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this evening. &gt;&gt; It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. I recognize that is might be tired maybe in the body and been working and different things but it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Just have a sweet time of communion with our Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; As it was in the garden of Eden, just have a little time with our Lord and our master. We are so thankful to our brother Maxwell among us. Amen. And we love him. The church loves him and love his ministry. Has always been a blessing for my family, for myself and just brings us to another level. And we thank God for the gift of an evangelist. Amen. So whatever God has in store for us, for this meeting, we we want just to accept it. Amen. Whether it's correction, whether it's in encouragement, whatever the Lord has in store, we say God, let it be done according to your perfect will. Amen. So, we welcome you and thank God it's a we call it full house, brother Maxwell. Full house. Amen. For you. So, thank you for being here. Everyone made his way this evening. So, God bless you and uh we are so um thankful. Amen. And uh Amen. Do you love the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Just want to give few announcement. Sorry to break a little bit the atmosphere of the wonderful song service. Sister Anita, God b God bless you. Happy birthday. Amen. Amen. Amen. In Africa we call you mama. So, so she's our mama. So, we we appreciate her. We love her and uh always been a blessing for us. May God bless you richly and and keep you until the rapture. Amen. Amen. We are here together. So Caleb's wife went with Caleb. So since pastor we claim he's a calb. So you also going Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. So this um Sunday morning we have brother Gideon preaching for us Sunday morning. Sunday evening I'll be preaching at end time message um in the evening. So, I'm just put that in mind and keep us in prayer as well. Amen. And um I just want to give an update for my mother. She's improving. Uh she's getting better and better. We thank the Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord for that. Amen. She had a she had a minor stroke and paralyzed in one side. She's still a little bit paralyzed on the face, but but she's eating and she's recovering and she recognizes people and all that. So, we thank the Lord. Amen. God is working. Amen. So, thank you for your prayers for that. And Amen. We are going to sing in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. &gt;&gt; And then we're going to invite our our brother. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus, precious name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before us. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Amen. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Demon will have to flee. For when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Do you believe that? Amen. We have the victory. Whenever two or three are gathered in the name of Jesus Christ and agree upon anything, God will give us. Amen. And answered our prayers. We thank God for having brother Dan as well. God bless you, Richley. You're so thankful to have you. Amen. God bless you, Richly. Amen. And sister Talia, she's back. Amen. Amen. Brother Maxwell, invite you. In the name of Jesus Christ, have the liberty this evening. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. When &gt;&gt; when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Amen. Amen. We believe that this evening. Amen. We do have the victory. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. this evening. Heavenly Father, we just want to say thank you once again, Lord. And Father, we thank you for your presence here, Lord, tonight, oh God. And we thank you, Lord, for being in the song service, oh Lord, the atmosphere that is created, oh Lord. And Father, we know that truly you are here, oh God. Because, Father, your word, Father, is true. And whatever you say in your word, Lord, that's what you do, oh God. And we know there is more than two here, Lord, this evening. And and so we believe that you are here, oh God. And father, we know that whenever you come, oh Lord, something good happens, oh God. And so, Father, we just look to you, Father, the Savior and the Lord, you will minister to our hearts, oh God. Father, you know every heart, every need here, oh God. Lord, I just pray, oh God. Lord, may you move the vessel of sight, to God, tonight, to God. Lord, help me, Lord, to get myself out of the way, oh Lord. And may you discern the thoughts and intents of your children, Lord. May you be the one, Lord, and minister, God. May you be the one behind the desk, oh Lord God. Father, we want to see you, oh Lord. We don't want to see a man, oh God. Lord, we want to see the Holy Ghost, oh Lord, moving in this meeting, Lord, moving in the service, oh God, Lord. Father, we give the service into your hands, oh Lord. Take the reading of the word, oh God, Lord, and grant us the revelation of it, oh God, Lord, we commit all to you, oh Lord, for we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Amen. We greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So good to have everyone here and good to see you, brother Zigg. Sister Anita, happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. Amen. And sure love you, brother Zig and Sister Nita. God bless you, brother Moses. Sister Sheriff, good to see you. Amen. It's just it's sad to to to to have lost him for mankind, but we we know that God is God has a purpose in it all. And and we we we always praying for you, brother Moses and the saints here, Sister Sheriff. We we really love you and appreciate we miss you. We sure do. But brother Moses has been a tremendous blessing to us in the home church and many services God has used him to speak personally to me. And so we really want to say we we thank the Lord for the ministry and where he's brought him to and and to to shepherd the flock here. And and we thank the Lord and I say, you know, keep him in prayer. Pray for him, support him, and you know, you've been with Brother Z. And God, whatever he's doing, let God lead. Amen. And let's let's trust the Lord in that. Amen. We bring greetings from the home church. Amen. And and brother Ed and pastor there. And we all bring greetings and the saints as well to you all. Amen. Amen. Let's take a Bibles this evening. And thank you, brother, for the song service. Amen. Brother Andrew, God bless you. Amen. Go to the book of Exodus. Amen. Exodus chapter 10. Amen. Exodus chapter 10. We'll read from verse 8 to verse 11. And then we'll jump to verse 24 to verse 29. Amen. Exodus chapter 10 from verse 8 to verse 11. Amen. Amen. And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh, and they said unto them, "Go serve the Lord your God, but who are they that shall go?" And Moses said, "We will go with our young, with our old, with our sons, with our daughters, with our flock, and with our herds will we go. For we must hold the feast unto the Lord." And he said unto them, "Let the Lord be with you, as you will let you go, and your little ones look to it, for evil is before you." And he says, "Not so. Go now ye that are men and serve the Lord for that ye desire. And they were driven out from from Pharaoh's presence. Let's jump again to verse 24. Read 24- 29. Amen. And it said, "And Pharaoh called unto Moses and said, go ye serve the Lord and let your flock and your herds be stayed. Let your little ones also go with you." And Moses said, "Thou must give us sacrifice and burnt offering that we may sacrifice unto the Lord our God. Our cattle also shall go with us, and there shall not and hoof be left behind. For therefore must we take to serve the Lord our God, and we know not with what we must serve the Lord until we come hither." But the Lord had on Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go. And Pharaoh said unto him, "Get thee from me. Take heed to thyself. See my face no more. For on that day thou seeest my face, thou shalt die." And Moses said, "Thou has spoken well. I will see thee thy face again no more." Amen. May the Lord add his blessing to the reason. Amen. You You may have your seat. Amen. Amen. I want to speak this evening on Amen. Reasonable no more. Amen. Reasonable no more. Amen. Reasonable no more. Amen. Reasoning is is one of the tactics of Satan. Amen. Satan has you know many tactics um that he uses against the children of God against a man humans. And and reasoning is one of his his his greatest tactics. Amen. To get people to reason the word of God. Amen. Boy, the reason why sometimes Satan will use reason is because reasoning can have an an element of truth to it. Amen. Reasoning can have an element of truth toward. Reasoning is a fine line between believing God's word and disbelief in God's word. Amen. Reasoning stands between doubt and faith. Amen. It seem to be a ground where you can stand and almost feel like, well, I I kind of believe what the Bible says or what God says, but at the same time, you reasoning and thinking, well, well, maybe this other way might be right as well. And so, Satan always likes to get the believer in that place. Amen. Because we know that the scripture says that a double-minded person, amen, shall never receive anything from the Lord. Amen. And so, Satan will always try to use reason, amen, to to get the believer to a place where they have a double mind. Amen. and they they have a second option or a a second plan. Amen. Because the reasoning can have a truth an element of truth to it. And Satan will always try to do that. Amen. And you know Satan, Amen. as brother Brandamo teaches. Amen. He shows us that you know Satan began his work. Amen. All the way from heaven. Amen. Or brother Brandam say that sin originated from heaven. Amen. And and what happened was that Satan Amen. began, amen, to to to to reason with with some part of the angels that were in heaven. Amen. We can read in the book of Revelation. Amen. And and the prophet begin to show us that it was a third part of those angelic beings. Amen. That that Satan drew with him from heaven. Amen. And cast down into the earth. Amen. But you see, he begin to reason with the angels. Amen. Begin to reason with them of of him being able. Amen. To to to to exalt himself. Amen. above God and be worshiped as God was worshiped. Because all that he desired was what? Was worship. Amen. And so he was looking and saying, you know, trying to reason with these angels, amen, to believe that he was going to be able to be greater than God. Amen. And these angel believe or were captivated, amen, by the reasoning of Satan. Amen. And we know what happened that as as they got together, there was a war in heaven. Amen. Where Lucifer wared against Michael in heaven. But we know the end of the war. Amen. that that that Lucifer was cast out of heaven. Amen. He couldn't stand in heaven. Amen. He couldn't stay in the presence of God anymore. He was cast out of there. Amen. Him and all his reasoning was sent away from the presence of God. Now we see how Satan, amen, will go on and and he'll come on on earth. Amen. And then as he's on earth, amen, there's a garden that has been set. Amen. And there is Adam and there is Eve in this garden. Amen. And and we know how Satan again will begin to approach mankind. Now we know how in the garden Adam and Eve were in perfect harmony with God. Amen. They believed the word of God. They they stayed behind the word of God. But man say that was their protection. Amen. It was the word of God that was given to them. It was their shield. It was their protection. So for as they stayed behind the word of God, there was no way that Satan was going to be able to get his way through and to them. Amen. But you see, Satan was able to isolate, Amen. isolate Eve into a certain place. Amen. and begin to speak to Eve. Amen. And brother Ben was say that all that he was doing was reasoning with Eve. Obey the word. Amen. He was reason with Eve. Obey the word. He was reasoning with her to say you know not everything that God has said is actually true. Amen. That God is away from you Eve. Amen. And so begin to reason with Eve. And we know how that Satan was able to make a way through to Eve and get Eve to believe. Amen. the reason of Satan and reject amen the faith in the word of God that was given to them. Amen. He used reasoning to get her to a place where she accepted his reasoning. Amen. Over the faith, Amen. in the word of God. Amen. And we know how that begin to bring a fall in the human race. Amen. And man begin to fall and and these things begin to happen. And you see when Satan realized his success, amen, in reasoning with man and causing them to fall, Satan begin to use that against the the the rest of the man. Amen. Mankind that will follow, Amen. after Adam and after Eve. Amen. And so up until today, Satan continues, Amen. to use his reasoning power, amen, to try to get the believer to reason against God's word. Amen. to accept his reasoning over the faith of God. Amen. But the one thing we know is that the believer, amen, today is living, amen, under the reality, amen, of a prophecy, amen, that has been spoken over her. Amen. Are you with me this evening? The believer is living, amen, under the reality of a prophecy, amen, that has been spoken concerning her. Amen. And the prophecy says, amen, that this bride in this age, amen, she is not like Eve. Amen. That there is a there is a distinction, amen, between you, amen, the second Eve, Amen, and the first Eve. Amen. He's saying that this bride is not like Eve. Amen. There is something different about this bride. Amen. But still, we have to realize that we are fighting an enemy. Amen. We are fighting an enemy, amen, that still wants to get us, amen, to reason the word of God. Amen. See, Satan doesn't care. Amen. Obey the fact that we are predestinated. Amen. He doesn't care that we are predestinated sons and daughters of God. Listen, he did not care. Amen. That Eve was the wife, amen, of Adam. And Adam was in the image of God. Amen. But you see, Satan did not care about Eve being the wife of Adam. All Satan's purpose was was to destroy the plan of God. Amen. So Satan is not looking and say, "Okay, okay, these are predestinated people." Amen. So I'm going to try not to reason against them. Amen. But actually, we are a target of Satan. Amen. Satan wants to target us. Amen. Get us to reason. Amen. The word that we have received in the sage. Amen. Because he knows that reason, Amen. will bring the word, amen, to a place where it will not be fulfilled in our lives. Amen. So Satan is not so much worried about it. Amen. We've been predestinated. Amen. And he continues in his tactics to try, Amen, to get the believer to disbelieve the word of God. Amen. Because when he was able to get unto Eve and and get Eve to reason, Amen. and do all this, for a season, it looked like Satan, Amen, had a victory. Amen. For a season, it looked like Satan had a victory. Amen. But you see, we are living in another season. Amen. We are living in another season. Amen. For a season, it looked like he had the victory, but the seasons have changed. Amen. Amen. There is another dispensation. Amen. A dispensation in which Amen. That there is a second Adam and a second Eve. Amen. You see the first Adam and the first Eve. Amen. They made their fall and made a mistake. Amen. But the prophecy is going forward that with the second Adam, Amen. And the second Eve, Amen, they will believe the word of God. Amen. They will not fall, Amen. like the first Eve fall. Amen. They will not reason, Amen. in the word like the first eve reason the word of God. Amen. But they amen the word itself amen has been made flesh in the believer today. Amen. In other word amen the word the bridegroom. Amen. The bridegroom in know was Jesus Christ. He is the word. Amen. And that bridegroom. Amen. From his side he pulled out a bride. Amen. And she is just like he is. Amen. Brother Brandon will say that. Amen. She is flesh of his flesh. Amen. You will say that she's born of his bone. Amen. You'll say that she's power of his power. Amen. And on the end, brother Brandham will say that she is him. Amen. So in other words, if if if Satan Amen. when Jesus the word was made flesh on earth, Amen. If Satan could not get Jesus to reason, Amen. Against the word, Amen. that was spoken concerning him. Then this bride also was in a position, amen, where she can stand as Jesus do. Amen. when he walked on earth in flesh and not reason, amen, against the word that has been given to her. Amen. Are you with me this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, brother Brandon will say this. He said, always remember that. That's my message. He said, you must obey the word. And he said, "And know anything contrary to it, leave it alone." He said, "It may look good, but don't reason against God's word." He said that's the first first thing Satan did was reason against God's word to Eve and she never doubted it. I want you to notice that brother Brandham said she never doubted it. She just reasoned. Satan reasoned it. Amen. He said, "And that's and that's the way they do today." Isn't it reasonable that we should do this? Isn't it reasonable? If it's against the word of God, leave it alone. It's the voice of Satan. Amen. Amen. It said let the word Amen. It said if the word Amen. If the word abideoid in you and my word aboid and my word in you then ask what you will the Holy Spirit ye abide in me my word in you. He said that's the word made flesh. Amen. He said if you abide in him and his word abide in you that's the word made flesh. He said ask what you will and it will be done. Amen. He said that's the way. Get all the creeds, all things away and hold to the word because it is Christ. He said notice then it will manifest itself. Amen. We are living in a season, amen, where God has restored to us, amen, has given us the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And not only has he given us the power of the Holy Ghost, but he has also given us the authority, amen, to operate the power that is given to us. Amen. So, so we we are in a position, amen, as a bride in this age, amen, that we don't need to reason, amen, about the Holy Ghost that has been given to us. We don't need to be reasoning about whether you know this Holy Ghost is true or it's not. We know that it is true. We've had an experience of it. Amen. We know that it lives. We know that it's on the inside of us. Amen. And let me say this, if the Holy Ghost is real to us, amen, that is dwelling on the inside of us. Amen. Now we need to come to understand, amen, that just as as real that the Holy Ghost is, so is it real the authority, amen, that has been given to us by the Holy Ghost, amen, to exercise the power, amen, that is in the word of God. Amen. This is the same time, amen, the Holy Ghost has not only come to give us power, but to give us also the authority, amen, because realize the Holy Ghost is not in us, but Christ himself in you again. Amen. and is Christ in you. And the same authority that Jesus had is the same authority that the bride has today. Amen. To exercise, Amen. the promises that has been given her in the word of God. Amen. It is the exact same authority. Amen. So we don't have to reason, obey. Amen. Obey the Holy Ghost. Obey the authority that has been given to us. Amen. Because the word has already told us. Amen. That the Holy Ghost is for us. The world has already told us. Amen. You ask what you will. you want and it shall be given unto you. What is it? Exercise your authority. Amen. You see, we have received a message that has made us aware. Amen. That we were in Christ. Amen. Before the foundation of the world. Amen. We were in him. We were attribute. We were in his thoughts before the foundation of the world. Amen. And you see as we said that there was a war in heaven. Amen. We said that there was a war in heaven where Michael, a man, fought against Lucifer and his angels. Now, I want you to realize that when this war was being fought, you were in him. Are you with me this evening? When the war was being fought, you were with in him. Amen. Now, Satan, what he was doing in heaven, that he was getting the people to reason. Amen. To to believe that he was going to be greater than God. Amen. But you were in Christ. Amen. And you weren't a part of the reasoning of Satan. Amen. And when Satan was bringing an influence of reason in the realms of heaven. Amen. You and the thought of God, you took sides with Jehovah. Amen. You took so to stand with Jehovah. You took so to stand with the creator. Amen. And not to partake of the reason of Satan. Amen. But you took took part Amen to say that you will stand with the word of God. Amen. And we know that though we have bypassed our theophony. Amen. We bypassed our theophony. And we don't remember these things. But we need to realize that that same thought that was at the beginning, it is what has been expressed today. Amen. That same attribute that was in God at the beginning is the same attribute. Amen. That is in the broad today. Amen. It is the same God that is on the inside of us. Amen. So church, if at the beginning, Amen. before even a world war was if we didn't reason the word, Amen. and we've been now made flesh. Amen. manifested sons and daughters of God. Then we are still on the same position, amen, that we were in heaven, amen, to stand against the reasoning of Satan. Amen. We are still on the same position, Amen. Because it is the same attribute of God that is on the inside of us. Amen. It is the same. Amen. It is the same seed of God that is on the inside of us. It hasn't changed. The decision you made, Dan is the same decision that you will make today. Amen. Because if you were there and you've been expressed today, Amen. you would do exactly what was in the point of God. Amen. Let me say this, church. Amen. Listen, we we have seen, Amen. Many times we see it, amen, that Jesus walked on earth. Amen. Jesus walked on earth. And we know that he was the flesh parrot. Amen. It was God made flesh. Amen. Jesus was that. And he was the fullness. Amen. He was the fullness of the word. Amen. But I want you to realize that when Jesus was made flesh, when he was living, amen, he said that I'm going to send you a comforter. Amen. I'm going to send you the Holy Ghost. Amen. And we know that on the day of Pentecost, Amen. As as it will be there, that the pillar of fire came and it devoided itself. Amen. In other words, that logos, Amen, that was at the beginning, that one pillar of fire, it came and it devoided itself. Amen. And it hang over each and every one of them. Amen. You see what was happening in that moment? You see God flesh. Amen. Jesus had left the earth. Amen. The body had left the earth. But there was another body that was being born. Amen. Because you know the same God that was in heaven. Amen. That made flesh and came down on earth. Amen. When Jesus left his body, amen, is still here. He left the body here which is the church of the living God. That is filled with the same power and anointing. Amen. That same logos that followed. Amen. the children of Israel in the in the Old Testament. It is that same logos that came upon them on the day of Pentecost. And it is that same logos, that same pillar of fire, amen, that is here today and that has been made flesh in Detroit. Amen. You see, many of times we are looking for the pillar of fire and and we're trying to find it and we're trying to see it. But let me say this church, that pillar of fire is dwelling on the inside of you. That logos God has been made flesh again and the body is here again. Amen. He's walking again in bodies just at this time is not just one person Jesus but it is a many membered body. Amen. That Jesus is dwelling in and walking to continue in his work. Amen. So let me say this. If you did not reason, Amen. the word of God at the beginning and you've been made flesh today, you are in position, amen, to have no reason against the word of God. Amen. We in position not to reason the word of God but to simply believe the word of God. Amen. To believe the word of God and exercise the authority that has been given to us in the word of God. Listen, let me say this. The authority is not dependent on how good we are. It's not dependent on our physical power. It's not dependent on physical abilities. Amen. It's not dependent on our weakness. Amen. Brother Brandon would tell the story of this policeman. Amen. And he he would tell the story of how little he was and and how short he was. Amen. But but you see, Amen. He he said that this this this policeman had not even the strength to be able to stop stop a a runaway pony. Amen. But he said that that when when this policeman Amen. When when he changed, Amen. When he took off his normal garment that he wear every day to go out and do his business. Amen. But when he would change and he put on the garment, Amen. of of of an officer. Amen. Of a policeman. Amen. And he will go down the street. Amen. Brother Bren will say now it didn't matter anymore how little he was. It didn't matter anymore. Amen. How small he looked. Amen. But he had a garment on. He had something on that represented his authority. Amen. And let me say this church. We have been given a garment today. Amen. That we can wear the word of God that represent our authority. It doesn't matter. Amen. The weaknesses. It doesn't matter our failures. Amen. What matter, amen, is what are we clothed with? Amen. If we are clothed with the word, if the word is dwelling on the inside of us, if the word is filling our minds, amen, we have, amen, the authority, amen, to stop any power of the enemy. Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't have to reason about it. Listen, this policeman when he put on his clothes, he wasn't reasoning about amening position to be able to control the traffic. Amen. He wasn't reason about him. Why? Because he was clothed with him. He had confidence in what he had on him. Amen. And let me say this. We must have confidence in the word that has been given to us and not reason with it. Amen. We have been clothed with a word, amen, of power. With a word of resurrection. Amen. With a word of healing. Amen. That's what we've been clothed with. Amen. And we don't need to reason it. What we need to do is to get oursel in that word. And when we are clothed with that word, Amen. The authority follows. Amen. Because the scripture said that these signs, Amen, what will they do? They will follow their believer. Amen. And what is the believer? The believer is the faith of God that moves in you. Amen. The believer is the one, amen, that takes the word and believes. And when they believe the word, the signs and wonders will follow them. Amen. Because they are exercising, they're walking in position of authority. And they don't have to reason about it. Amen. They don't have to reason whether it will happen or not. They know that it will happen. Why? Because the word says so. Jesus did not reason. Amen. To say, "Can Lazarus raise up or not?" He had had a vision. He knew, amen, the father had spoken to him and said, "Go and raise Lazarus." Amen. And he went there with faith believing that Lazarus was coming out of the grave. He was in position of authority. He wasn't reasoning about the word that was spoken concerning him. Let me say this, church. It's time for us to stop reasoning. Amen. And begin to believe what the word has spoken concerning us. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word has already said that we are the final voice. Amen. What voice is it? Amen. It is the voice of the beloved. What voice is it? It is the voice of Christ. Amen. In the bride being spoken again. Amen. It is not our voice. Amen. It is his voice. We have been told to prophesy again. Listen, we don't need to prophesy anything new. All we need to do is prophesy what the word says. Amen. All we have to do is speak what the word says. That is the word of prophecy. Amen. It's the word that he has already spoken. And if we will put that on our lips, it will manifest exactly what it says. Amen. We don't have to reason about it. Amen. But all we have to do is begin to believe it. Brother Brandham said, "And when a man and a woman is dressed in the full armor of God is that it ain't power, it's authority from an hoy." When he says devils, when he says devils will scream and breaks will squeak, is that even death itself will shut up and grace will open at the authority that Jesus Christ gave his church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The authority that Jesus Christ gave his church. Amen. He said, "All all men know this. These sign shall follow them that believe." He said, "Lift up the authority, the end sign." He said, "His hands raised up with with white glove." Speaking about the policeman, his hands raised up with white glove on. And he said, "And every car will stop." He said he hasn't got enough power maybe to stop a bicycle. He said, "But he's got authority to stop anything that comes across the street." Because why? The whole law of Phoenix is behind him. Amen. He has authority because the whole law of Phoenix is behind him. Why? Because he's put on, Amen. the clo that represent the authority of Phoenix. Amen. Are you with me this evening? And we received the word that we can put on that represent the authority that we have in heaven. Amen. We can put on, we can get dressed. Amen. With the authority of God. Amen. Listen, let me say this. All the law of God is behind this bride. Amen. All the promises, all the angels, everything is behind this bride. We have been cheered up to finish the race. Amen. And you know what the law of God is? The law of God is that whatever he says, it has to come to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. And all of that law is behind this bride. That whatever she says and believes and does not doubt in her heart will have to come to pass. But Satan will try to get the believer to reason that word. Amen. Get the believer to reason. What if it doesn't happen? Amen. What if it doesn't happen? But it's time to cast their reasoning &gt;&gt; and begin to say, "This is what the word says." Amen. Begin to say, "This is what the word says. This is the promise that has been given to me, and this is the law of God that whatever I say, so far as I'm speaking the word, it has to come to pass." Are you with me, church? You know, it's time to begin to go beyond, amen, our own intellectual reasoning and begin to take God at his word and begin to say, listen, if God said him, then he's ready to perform it. Amen. If God said him, then he will do it. Amen. But Satan will try to get us to raise him. It's time to begin to break those barriers. Amen. Begin to break those cycles and begin to say, "Listen, God said it. I believe it." And that settles it. Amen. Because all the law of God is behind this bride. Amen. It is all behind this bride. Amen. And he has given us the fullness of his word in this last days. Amen. The fullness of his word. He has given it to us. Amen. And he has made us now his made peace. Amen. To stand against the reasoning of Satan. Just as we stood, amen, right before the foundation of the world and we're not captivated by that reasoning, we have been expressed now. And he's saying now the full word has been restored to you &gt;&gt; and you are being called back to where you were at the beginning. Your identity has been made known to you. And he said, now you can stand against the reasoning of Satan. Now you can stand when it comes and he said it can't happen. You can stand and say it will happen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because we've come to know who we are. We have received a message. Amen. That has come to reveal to us that we came from him and we are going back to him. That we are just here for a moment to be tested and to be tried. But in the testing and the trials, we've been given authority. Amen. To be able to overcome the testing and the trial by the word of God. Amen. And what God is asking us to do is put our faith in the infallible word of God. Put our faith in the infallible word of God because faith is what will destroy and and defeat reasoning is to put our faith in the infallible word of God because it is a battle. Amen. It is a battle. And we know that the greatest battle that has ever been fought is in the mind. Amen. And it is a battle who has Satan, our adversary. He is determined to not to stop until we ahead of this place. He's determined that whatever he can do to get us to reason the word of God, he will do us. Amen. But now we have the privilege to know the tactics of the enemy. Amen. Are you with me? We have the privilege to know the tactics of the enemy. That the enemy's tactics is to get me to reason God's word. Amen. So now that we know his tactics, Amen. what we have to do is to take the opposite. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have to take the opposite and say, "Okay, he wants us to reason, then we are not going to reason." &gt;&gt; Amen. We are going to be reasonable no more. We are not going to reason anymore. Amen. But we just going to take the word as it's being spoken and we're going to believe it and stand on it. Amen. It doesn't matter how long it's going to take, but we just going to take that word and stand on it. Stand on that promise. Amen. Stand on it. No matter what comes or goes, just stand on it and not reason it anymore. Amen. Because Satan is still, he knows that because he was successful in the Garden of Eden with reasoning. Now he's saying with the second Eve, I'm going to try the same thing. I'm going to do the same thing. I'm going to try to get them to reason again. Listen to brother Brandham. He said the devil won the battle over the human race by reasoning with the human race. That's how he won the battle. Just reason. He said why it stands to reason this would be it stands to reason. If the reason is contrary to the word then the reasoning is wrong. Brother Brandham says again is that the word is right. He said just the way it's written. He said don't put any private interpretation. Just say it the way it's written and believe it like that. See God's took care of it. It's just exactly the way it's supposed to be. So let's just believe it that way. Is that now is the word every word is that the Holy Spirit in man. every sentence of the Bible is that the Holy Spirit in you will punctuate with a amen because the Holy Spirit wrote the Bible. Now I find this analogy incredible. Brother Brandham said the Holy Spirit that wrote the Bible is the same Holy Spirit that is in you. And so that same Holy Spirit can do nothing but believe what he wrote. &gt;&gt; Amen. It can only do one thing and is to believe what he wrote. That same Holy Spirit that wrote the Bible is in us to believe what he wrote. And he said, "And if he is in you, you can you you how can he say, well, that's for another age." He said, "That's for this or that's for that." He said, "How can he say that and be the Holy Ghost in you?" He said, "Can't do it?" He has to say amen to it. &gt;&gt; Amen. He has to say amen to it because he's the same one that wrote the word. Amen. He can't reason the word that he wrote. Amen. He can only believe the word that he wrote. He can only say amen to the word that he wrote. Amen. And it's that Holy Ghost in you and me. It is not in us to reason. But it is Satan, amen, that is trying to infiltrate in our mind to get us to doubt the word. But the Holy Ghost in us is only saying amen to the word of God. Amen. You see, whenever someone amen has sickness or whatever it is, if you realize there is always something on the inside of you that believes that the sickness is not onto death, there is always something on the inside that believes that there is healing power. Amen. That believe that God is more than able to bring healing. God is more than able to bring deliverance. There is something on the inside that is present. Amen. That is saying, "I believe that this word, amen, is true. And if we hold on it, it will bring the healing. And we go into prayer and faith believing. Amen. And we see God come on the scene. But at the same time, while we're believing, there is another voice in our mind that is saying, "But it can be so because the doctor's report is too heavy to bear and begin to reason and begin to bring other thoughts." But you know the word says we need to cast down every imagination. We need to cast down every reasoning. Amen. Because the Holy Ghost is here to perform what the word says. Amen. That's what the Holy Ghost is here to do. To perform what the word says. Amen. That's all it's here to do. To perform the word of God. Amen. But you see, Satan is very territorial. Amen. He is very territorial. In other words, he likes to have ownership. Amen. He likes to have ownership. And he likes to have ownership of what doesn't belong to him. &gt;&gt; That's the way he is. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's territorial. He wants to have ownership and especially what doesn't belong to him. He could have the world. But Brandon said told us, you know, he's got the world and he's got loads of people in the world. Amen. He could have them. He can do whatever he wants. But yet he said, "No, I want this bride. I want this bride. He's territorial. He doesn't own it, but yet he wants it. Amen. He He wants to gain ownership of our body. He wants to gain ownership of our spirit. He wants to gain ownership of our soul. But you see, all these three realms does not belong to Satan. &gt;&gt; Amen. It does not belong to Satan because the scripture shows us, amen, that our bodies has been bought with a price. Amen. And that our body is the temple of God. Our body does not belong to Satan. It has been purchased, amen, as a temple for God to dwell in. Amen. But Satan is very territorial. The scripture also tells us that our mind is a place where God wants to dwell. That we must have the mind of Christ. He has given us his mind so that he can dwell in that channel. Amen. That we can have his mind. And we know that our soul, the scripture shows us, amen, that our soul has been redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. So all these three parts being do not belong to Satan. Amen. But Satan is territorial. Amen. And he wants to gain ownership of these parts of the human being. Amen. He wants to gain ownership of our body. Ownership, Amen, of our mind. Ownership of our soul. Amen. But let me say this. God has already claimed, Amen. It's already the possession of God. Amen. And you see, when Satan realizes that he can't have ownership, when he realizes that he can't fully have ownership of your soul, he can't fully have ownership of your of your spirit realm. He can't fully have ownership of your body. Why? Because you've surrendered your life to Christ. Then he moves on to bring reasoning. And why is he bringing reasoning? because he wants to gain a little portion of your inheritance. Amen. He wants to still have a little portion in there. Amen. He doesn't want you to be fully fully Amen. committed. Amen. To the word, but he still want to have a portion. So, he try to bring reason. You know, there is a story that has been told, amen, of a man that that owned a land. Amen. and he owned this land and and eventually, amen, he lost his land and and someone bought the land. But that was his land. That was his inheritance. Amen. And someone bought this land and and years go by and this man was able to save up again. And and he went back to to the man that has bought the land. And he said, "I'm coming back to buy this land because it is mine. I want it back. No matter what the price is, I'll take it back." And so the man said, "Okay, I I'll give you back your land. And this is the deal. this is the price for it. But then the man said to him, you know, um I'll give you the whole land, but you know, there is a portion in the middle of the land. Amen. That I I kind of have it, you know, I have some futons there. And would it be okay that even though you you buy the whole land, but I keep that portion in the middle of the land? And you know, the man said, "Well, well, okay, that's all right. You you can keep that portion of that land and and I'm taking most of the land anyway." so you can keep the portion of it. So the man gets this land and he begin to cultivate this land and and begin to plant his his different tents and begin to you know you know get this land ready and and and use it for his own purpose and his own gain. But then one day, amen, this man that that had asked for this portion in the middle of the land, he comes Amen. he comes through and for him to get into the middle of the land where his portion is, he has to cross through the entire land. He has to destroy everything that the man but the land had already sown. He had to tear his way through it all to get to the portion that he had in the land. And when when he was done doing whatever he was doing there, then he would tear through it again to get out of the land. You see that's the way Satan is. Amen. You see this body, everything in the world has been given to us. But he want to gain a little portion. Amen. Of this body, he want to gain a little portion in our mind. He wants to gain a little portion in our souls. Amen. He want to gain a little portion that whenever Amen. He wants to come and try to attack us. He will destroy everything that we are put together. He will destroy the faith. He will destroy everything that we believe just to get to that little portion. Amen. He's very territorial. He doesn't want you to have the full land. He doesn't want you to have the full Amen. control of your body and have your healing that you need. He doesn't want you have the peace of mind and and have the mind of God and be meditating upon his word. He still want to have a little portion in there. Amen. He still want to have a little portion in there. And to get there, he will have to tear through everything that we have built. Amen. He is very territorial because he wants ownership. And you see that was what he was trying to do with the children of Israel. You see these men? Amen. They had gone to Sir John in a strange land and they were promised that they will be there for 40 years and and after 40 years there'll be a deliverer. They will come that will take them to a land that is flowing milk and honey. Amen. But for 40 years they were going to be bained in this land. And and as they were in this land, amen, they were given a portion, amen, in go. We know the story. Amen. But but came a man a man that did not know Joseph as the scripture will say and he begin to move them from a position amen of of a free people to a position of a slave. Amen. He became territorial. He he be to take them and and wind them up and and make them his own. Amen. He wanted them to be his own. Amen. But you see there came a season where your deliverance drew noi. Amen. Your deliverance drew noi. And God sent him a deliverer. He sent him a deliverer, a vindicated prophet. Amen. With with the pillar of fire vindicating his ministry and and with signs and wonders following him. Amen. He sent him a deliverer because the season had come for them to be delivered from the land that they were in. But you see, Pharaoh didn't want them to leave. Sarah Pharaoh wanted to have ownership of these people. Amen. Pharaoh wanted to have them. Amen. owned them as slaves and owned them to fulfill his own purpose and benefit. Amen. That's what Pharaoh wanted. He didn't want them to go. Amen. And you know that's what Satan would try to do. Try to gain ownership. You know, he had tried over and over again to gain ownership of the church of the living God. Amen. Try to hold the church bay. Amen. Try to hold the church in slavery and and try to hold the people in the church. Amen. Bayon slavery. You see, because he want to gain ownership of what belongs to God. You see, we don't belong to Satan. We belong to God. But he's trying to gain ownership of it. That was what he was doing to the children of Israel. He didn't want to let them go because he said, "These are my people." But in reality, they weren't his people. These were the people of God. And the season had come that God has sent a deliverer to say is this time, amen, for my people to be released, amen, from the ownership of Satan. Amen. It's time for them to be released from the hands of oppression of Satan. Amen. This that season at come, that hour at come. Amen. But Satan was trying to hold them. Amen. In that bondage, hold them. Amen. In that slavery. Amen. And try to keep them there. Amen. But you see, there was a message that Amen. Moses came with. Amen. There was a message that he came with. God gave him specific words to bring and speak to Mo to to Pharaoh. And the words that he was to speak to Pharaoh was that Pharaoh let my people go. Amen. He came to tell Pharaoh, Pharaoh, let my people go. You don't have ownership of these people anymore. It is season has come for their deliverance. The season had come for them to leave Egypt. And you can hold them anymore. You have to let my people go. Amen. He had come to liberate them from the ownership that Satan had in their life. Amen. And let me say this, God in this day, amen, has sent a message to le liberate this bride from any ownership that Satan had had over us. He has sent a message to liberate the church from the ownership and the bondage that Satan had the church in with dogmas and creeds and all that he had. He sent a message to liberate the church from the ownership of of Satan that he may take control that he may take the preeminence in the church. Amen. And the message was let my people go. And I believe that the message we have received today is saying the same thing to the God of this evil age that he must let this bride go. He can't hold this bride. He can't hold our bodies. He can't hold our spirit and neither can he hold our soul. Amen. Christ has already bought them. It is already in the possession of God. But it's time for the bride of Jesus Christ to stop reasoning whether they belong to God or they belong to Satan. I am here to declare to you tonight, you don't belong to the devil. You don't belong to Satan. You don't belong to the sickness. You don't belong to the mo battle. You belong to peace. You belong to freedom. You belong to joy. You belong to worship. It is Satan, amen, that is trying to bring the bride in a position to reason who she really is. But the word has come to reveal to her who she really is. That she is a daughter of God. That she is a son of God. Amen. We don't need a reason anymore. Amen. Listen. It was reasonable for Daniel that day to say, "Listen, if that is this is what the the the the laws of the land says, then I have to obey it." It was reasonable for him to obey the the laws of the land. But Daniel said, "Listen, I don't belong here." Amen. I belong in another place. My law is not the law of of of this Babylon, but my law is the law of God. And the law of God says that I must go and to pray. And no matter what the law of this land says, I am going to follow the law of God. I am not going to reason, amen, with the laws of this land. Are you with me, church? He said, I am not going to reason with the laws of this land. Listen, the law of this earth is to get people sick. The law of this earth is to get people in a suicidal state. The law of this earth is to get a people depressed, get a people in anxiety. But we are here to say we are not going to abide by the law of this land. We are not going to avoid. Amen. By the laws of Babylon, we've got another law that we abide and boy. It's the law of heaven. Amen. That is the Lord that we are following. Amen. And Daniel said, "I am not going to reason." Amen. I'm not going to reason with with Nebuchadnezzar. I'm not going to reason with the king, but I'm going to continue. Amen. To stand on the word of God. Listen, that caused him to go in the lion's den. But because he didn't reason the word of God, uh, there was a fire that stood down in the lion's den to set him free and deliver him from the host of the lion. Listen, when we stand on the word of God and we get to a position where we say we will not reason the word, we will not reason, Amen, the word of God. But we will take him at his word. He will come and back up his word. He will come and back up his word. He did it for Daniel. He did it for the Hebrew children. Amen. It was reasonable for them to bow to the image. Amen. Are you with me? It was reasonable to bow to the image. Everyone was bowing to the image. You know, church, everyone is accepting the doctor's report. Listen, we believe the doctor. We we we understand and we know God heals through them. Amen. But church, sometimes God is wanting us to step on another realm, on another line. Amen. And begin to take him at his word. Amen. Listen, it was reasonable for them to bow, but they said whether the Lord deliver us or not, we will not bow. Amen. We will not bow. Amen. Listen, God wants to bring this church, this bride, to a perfect faith. Amen. To a faith, amen, that doesn't reason. A faith that doesn't doubt. A faith that doesn't waver, but a faith that stands firm upon the word of God and watches that word come to pass. You know, church, when I was growing up, as a young boy, as a teenager, I remember one time I had to go in for for a test and and and and I wasn't doing well. And and when I went in and the doctors begin to tell talk to me about problem with my liver and they said, I had I have some liver problems. Values were not doing well and and different things. But man, I I just kept on growing with it. and we just kind of left it alone and and really never paid attention to it. Amen. And and I mean I always doing okay but amen sometimes I I would be sick and different things and and we came we moved here into Canada and eventually amen things will begin to get you know a little a little harder for us in healthwise. Amen. And and a man and we begin to have different tests and begin to go to doctors and begin to see them and and different tents and they begin to tell us a man that yeah there is a there's a problem with the liver. Amen. the values are not looking good and there's a problem with the liver and and they begin to to kind of do what they can do as doctors and and and all that. But we begin to we begin to trust in the Lord that he'll take care of us. Amen. We begin to trust to say, you know, he's our healer. Amen. And and then he's a deliverer and a man and and so finally it was just a bait was just a bait Monday. Amen. that I had to go in for an ultrasound because they actually wanted to know what is happening with the liver and something. And so I meant going into the ultra saying I was believing and trusting the Lord and Amen. the report was that for sure there's something wrong with it and and and maybe they're going to find it out or whatever it is. And so we went in, Amen. But we went in believing. Amen. We went in with no fear. We went in believing that God is with us. Amen. That that if we have to go through some trials, Amen. He's going to be with us. That we're going to stand like the Hebrew children will stand. Amen. No matter what the doctor say, we're still going to believe God that he's our healer. Amen. And so we went into the ultrasound and and they did their work and and they they send me into a waiting room as we waited for them. And you know the the the doctor came back in and and and came in with other two two more one more doctor and another nurse I believe. And they came in and they began to look at me and they and they said, "Well, well, the last report you did, your liver enzyme, amen, was very high." And and and that caused us, you know, to be very worried and different things. And and and and your reports of rain and the liver enzyme was actually very very high, way beyond the the average. And they said, "It has got us worried." And so we we brought you in for the ultrasound. And they said, "Well, we did the ultrasound and all the values are normal." They said, "We did the ultrasound and we found nothing wrong with your liver." &gt;&gt; Amen. Listen, this is the God that we serve. Amen. When you begin to take him at his word and say, "I'm not going to raise him." But we're walking in faith and say, "Listen, my God is still a healer." Amen. He's more than able to step on the sin. Amen. And perform the word that he's promised to us. Because if it said the boy his stripes we are healed, then boy his stripes we are healed. Amen. It's time for the boy to begin to start taking steps. Amen. To begin to start gaining ground to say I am not going to reason and settle down with only what the only doctor says. Amen. We begin to take God at his word and watch him move on the scene. Amen. The Hebrew children said we will not pay. We will not pay. Amen. But we will stand. Amen. We will not reason. Amen. But we will stand. Amen. And so Pharaoh was trying, Amen, to get these people still in his ownership and try not to let them go and try to get a hold of them. Amen. But you see that that's the same thing that Satan is trying to do today to deploy of the living God. Amen. Try to keep them in ownership. But let me say this to you, church. We have an abstract toal date. Amen. We have an abstract total deed. Listen, Satan may have had some rights to us. Amen. Because of the fall and everything that happened. But now we have received an abstract toal deed. Amen. That says that Satan has no more claim on us. Amen. He has no claim on your body. He has no claim on your spirit. He has no claim on your soul. That is what the abstract title deed says that he has lost ownership of you and me. Amen. He has lost ownership of you and me. But yet he's trying to get us to reason that. And this evening, the spirit of God is here saying it's time to break those chains of reasoning. Amen. and say, "Listen, I am not going to reason anymore with Satan, but I'm going to believe what the abstract title D says. That everything, Amen, has been stricken off and everything the word says belongs to me and I can take it and I can believe it and I can claim it." Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Now we have received that token, that Holy Ghost." Amen. And he said, "What is it?" He is our advocate. Amen. He is the one that goes forth and takes the word and bring it before Satan and tells him you have to give it back. No matter what Satan takes away from us, we have an advocate. Amen. We have someone that stands for us to take the word of God and claim what he has already purchased for us. Amen. It's time to stop reasoning with Satan, but it's time to begin to believe and take God at his word. Amen. Because Satan all he wants if he can get us to reason, he's beaten us. Amen. But we have an afterstit. He has already taken the book. He has opened the book. We've seen our name in it. Amen. He has given us the promise and he say go forth. Amen. And now you have been made that mighty am to go forth and conquer. Amen. And Satan realized that he is stripped. He realized that he is stripped. You see, when he realized by the message that Moses brought that he was stripped, then he began to bear again. He began to bear again. And he began to say to Moses, "Listen, Moses, okay, let the man go." Amen. Let the man go. And sometimes you say, "Okay, let your soul be redeemed." But let me gain some position in your spirit. Let me gain some position in your in your body. He said, "Let the man go, but leave the voice behind. Leave the children behind." Amen. Listen, that's what Satan has been trying to do to many of families. Amen. He's saying in many churches as well, he's saying, you know, let the pastor go to adoption. Amen. Let the elders go and believe the message. Let the elders go and read the word, but let the children alone. Amen. Let the children alone. Amen. Let the young people annoy alone. Let me take a hold of the young people. But let the elders go. Let them go and worship. Amen. And he's doing the same with families. Let the parents believe the message. Amen. But let the children alone. Amen. Let me have the children. Amen. Let me have some control of the children. Let me ento the children with the world. Let me be able to entice and get a get a foothold in your home. Well, let me say this church. God gave you that home. God gave you those children. They are your possession. God gave them to you because listen, he did not make a mistake. &gt;&gt; He did not make a mistake for you to have them in your family. He did not make a mistake for them to be born in the message. Amen. He had a purpose in what he was doing. Amen. It is our inheritance. Amen. But Satan is trying to back in and to say, "Let me have them." Amen. He's trying to do the same thing that he was doing with Moses to say, "Listen, you can go. You can believe the message." Amen. But not your children. Let the children stay behind. Let the children stay in Egypt. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. And that's what he's been trying to do to the church. Amen. But listen, we are not here to reason with him. We are not here to reason abate our children. Reasonate our parents. reason about our family, reason about the church. Amen. The church has been promised a refilling of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but Satan want to reason the church out of it. But I believe that the spirit of God is here this evening to say it is time to stop reason and claim our God-given rights. Yield yourself and say, "Lord, here we are. We are open for an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. We are open for a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Oh hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Trying to get them to raise and leave your children behind. And you know sometimes he will go even further and say okay you can have your children. You can have your children. You can have your family. Amen. But leave the sacrifice behind. You know when he when he came when when when when Moses came to him, he said, "Let the men go. We leave the children behind." him. And Moses said, "No, that won't happen." He said, "That won't happen." And he said, "Okay." Then he drove Moses away and more plagues came. The locust came and the darkness came. And when he couldn't stand it, he said, "Okay, Moses come back." And and this was the last time that Moses and Pharaoh were going to actually stand face to face. This was the last time. And this time, Pharaoh had an idea to say, "Okay, you can have your family. You can have it. You can go with your children. You can go with the elders. You can go with everyone, but don't take the sacrifice. Don't take the cattle." Amen. Leave it all behind. This was the last face-to-face encounter between Moses and Pharaoh. And he said, "Leave the sacrifice behind." Amen. Listen, when it come to the showdown, you know what Satan says? Leave your worship behind. Amen. Leave your devotion behind. You can have your family. You can bring them to church. You can go to the meetings. You can do all things, but leave the worship behind them. Leave the family altar behind them. Leave the time of prayer behind them. Leave the time of being in the word of God behind. Leave your worship behind. Leave your sacrifice behind. When it comes to the face toface encounter, he said, "You can have everything you want, but don't take the worship. You can have everything you want, but don't take the sacrifice." Amen. That was the last bargain that he wanted to offer Moses. But Moses said, "No, no, we need to go to offer, Amen, a sacrifice unto the Lord." Amen. And we are not just living with our children. Amen. We are not just living with our families but we are taking our sacrifice with us because the the the commission that was given to Moses was say let my people go. Amen. And if he's saying let them go they say whatever belongs to them they are taken along with them. If the cattle belong to them they were taking the cattle with them. Satan will try to get you to say leave your sacrifice behind. Amen. Leave your sacrifice behind. But Moses said, "No, we are not living anything behind. We are taking everything with us." Amen. Listen, we are not living our worship behind them. We are not living our joy behind. We are not living a prayer life behind. Amen. Listen, if the altar has been torn down, I believe it's time to build it up again. Amen. Just like Elijah did. He begin to build it up again. Begin to take one stone upon another stone and upon another stone and begin to build it up again. Amen. What was he doing? He was doing what the Lord told him to do. And when he was done it all, he put a sacrifice on him. And he said, "Lord, I have done all things according to your word." And right then the fire came and fell. Amen. Let me say this, church. Satan is trying to get us to reason. But let me say this, as Moses said, we are not here to reason. We are not here to reason with him. We are not here to reason with the Pharaoh of this world. Amen. We here to take God at his word and believe and stand firm upon that word. Amen. And watch that word come to pass. Amen. Brother said, "Brother, I'll tell you when Israel got ready at midnight, they had everything that they had in this world packed up and ready to go." Amen. Listen, the hour has come that we are getting ready to leave this place. Amen. The hour that come for the Exodus. Amen. And in that exodus they said that we're not leaving anything behind. Moses said I am not reasoning with you Pharaoh. I have no reason. Nothing is is taking back here. Everything is going with us. And listen we are in another exodus. We are in a third exodus. Amen. And Satan again is trying to get us to reason. Amen. To say leave this behind. Leave that behind. Amen. Don't have don't go all the way. Amen. But we are here this evening to say Satan we are not here to reason. We are not here to reason but we are here to say we are taking everything amen that God has given us. We are taking every promise. We are taking every word and we are standing on it believing that God will bring it to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said that we're ready to go. He said God send us a revival like that that we pack up everything and get ready to go. He said the midnight cry is a common. He said, "Go ye a to meet him." He said, "You better have everything packed up." He said, "You better not have not have nothing of this world luring you back and strength to hold you down." He said, "Pack up. Let's get ready where you're going." And he said, "And you know what I tell you, you you and I said, I tell you, they they were so true to God till Pharaoh got so excited at midnight. He said, get out and get out and get it going." He said, "Take everything you got and go." Brother Ram said, "I am so glad that a man can live so close to God till the devil don't know what to do with him." Is that right? Get out, get going, and obey God. Amen. Listen, that's where we want to live. So close to God that the devil doesn't know what to do with us. Where we are not reasoning at all, but we are just taking that word and just believing it. Listen church. God is is is eager to perform his word. God is eager, amen, to bring his word to pass. But he's looking for a people that will believe. A people that would not reason that word. A people that will take that word and begin to stand on it like Moses stood and say, "If God said so, I believe it. And I believe that he will bring it to pass." Amen. It's time to stop reasoning about anything. Amen. Listen, Gyrus had every right to reason. He had every right to reason that that day when when the doctor said there's nothing more we can do for your daughter. Amen. Gyrus could have said, you know, I guess get the casket ready and and let's get the funeral arrangements going. But you know, Gyrus said, "No, let me get to Jesus. Let me get to Jesus." Amen. And he could have reasoned out, but he said, "I'm not going to reason anymore with what the doctor is saying when I'm going to get to the one that is able, amen, to raise the dead." Amen. And I believe that the time has come for us not to reason anymore. But to say, "Lord, we're taking you at your word. We believe in your word and we're standing on it." And God is paying to perform it. Amen. He will bring it to pass. We've all got testimonies of how we've believed God and God has fulfilled his word in our lives. Amen. Listen, that same God that did it back then is the same God that would do it again today. Amen. Listen, Elijah was trying to tell Elisha, "Don't don't follow me. Don't come with me." Trying to reason with Elisha to say, "Stay here in Dorton and and stay here and don't don't follow me." But Elisha said, "I'm not going to reason about this." Amen. I know that if I can see you go, I will receive a double portion of it. Amen. And that same Elijah ministry is here today. Amen. There is a double portion. Amen. that is here to be poured out upon the bride. But she has to get to a place where she keeps her eyes upon Elijah. Amen. She keeps her upon the word, upon the message. Amen. They say, "I'm not going to reason." Amen. Over it. Amen. Because the the school of prophet told him, "Stay here and let him go alone. His hour has come." But he said, "I'm not going to live him." Amen. He said, "I'm going to follow him because if I can see him go, I will receive that mantle." Amen. And that mantle will be a double portion, amen, of his anointing upon us. Amen. Listen, this church has received a double portion of the anointing of God to continue on his work. Amen. But we need to get to a place where we don't reason with him. Amen. But we just take him at his word. Amen. And believe it. Amen. To be reasonable no more. Amen. I won't reason anymore, but I'll just believe it. Amen. and let God fulfill. Let God be God. Amen. Amen. And begin to break the cycle. The musicians can come. Amen. Begin to break the cycles of reasoning and and wondering. Amen. We begin to say, "Lord said it. I believe it." And that settles it. Amen. Our God is more than able. Amen. Let's stand on our feet this evening. Oh, hallelujah. He is faithful. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we sing the song All the Way? I'm going all the way. you know that song or maybe not. Amen. Let's sing that song. See what we've got here. Amen. Maybe I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. Amen. &gt;&gt; I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided [Music] to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me, the cross before me, the world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingom. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Though none go with me, yet still I'll follow. Though none go with me, yet still I'll follow. Though none go with me, yet still I'll follow. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. How many of you say, "We're not turning back." Amen. But we want to go all the way and and just take God at his word. Amen. He's eager to perform us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We know we have loved ones and different ones that Satan is trying to hold back. But listen, he said he won't lose one. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said he won't lose one. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he and if he said it, he will perform us. Amen. Amen. If he won't lose one, then we won't lose one. Amen. Because he's the same God that is on the inside of us. Amen. He'll make sure that everyone that is on that lamb's book of life, Amen. will be on that other side. Amen. and he will make sure of it. Amen. Amen. He is faithful. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't know. Do you have another song on your heart as we ask for the Moses to come? &gt;&gt; Let the beauty of Jesus be seen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that to me. I ask for the Moses to come. Amen. &gt;&gt; The beauty of Jesus be seen in me. all his wonderful passion and purity. [Music] Oh thou savior divine [Music] my nature divine till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Let the &gt;&gt; Thank you my brothers. Thank you for blessing Jesus be seen in me. &gt;&gt; Oh his wonderful &gt;&gt; compassion and pure. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh thou s divine all my nature refined till the Beauty of Jesus be seen in me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Did you enjoy that? &gt;&gt; Let's give a hand to the Lord. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Exactly what we needed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank the Lord for his presence and for the word that exactly what we needed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we thank the Lord for visiting us this evening. It was so good to be in the church this evening and &gt;&gt; really the word of God is faithful. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have needs, different needs, but we should not we should not we should not disbelieve the word of God. We should believe the word of God &gt;&gt; and doubt what the enemy is trying to put. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have the ability to believe the ability to doubt. And we should doubt what the enemy is saying and believe what the word of God is saying. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, we thank God. Let's just pray. Let's just sing that song. Only believe. Only believe. &gt;&gt; And then we just say a few words in prayer. &gt;&gt; Only [Music] all things are possible. Only &gt;&gt; believe. [Music] Only believe. &gt;&gt; Ally believe. &gt;&gt; All things are possible. &gt;&gt; Only believe. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; All things are possible. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Now tell him, "Lord, I believe." &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe. All things are possible. [Music] Lord, &gt;&gt; I believe &gt;&gt; as the music is just playing softly, think about what we have heard this evening. &gt;&gt; We should not give him give place to reasoning. &gt;&gt; Reasons is actually the opposite of faith. The enemy just want to bring us to the level where we can say, "No, it makes sense. It's reasonable." No, God doesn't want to bring us to that level of saying it's reasonable. But to say, God, I believe &gt;&gt; whether I understand it or not. I don't know how it's going to happen, but I just want to believe what the word of God say says, and I just want to keep moving on. I will claim my husband. I will claim my wife. I will claim my family. I will claim for my healing. I will claim for my children. I will claim a life of sanctification. I will claim a life of prayer. I will claim all my sacrifices. I will rebuild the altar. Whatever they need, whatever the Holy Spirit has pointed to our life this evening want say Lord we want to believe and we want to continue with the word of God. So let each one just pray as the as we in this atmosphere just telling and confess to the Lord what you are going to believe. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you this evening, Father, as you have spoken to our heart, Father, as each believer is speaking to you and talking to you, Father. Lord, we we thank you for the word that came with power, with demonstration. And Father, just to point to our lives where Lord, we realize we have been bargaining so much with the enemy where we have given him room, Lord, and we have maybe compromised here and there, Lord. Father Lord Jesus Christ by the word of God comes to remind us oh God we have to take the word of God not just portion a portion of the word of God but the whole word of God. Father, this evening we come to say Lord we believe the word of God father for deliverance of the soul to be free father to accept the word of God to receive redemption for our souls father but not only for our souls but also redemption also deliverance in the spirit in our mind where we found ourselves so much captive or prisoners bound by different things in our mind. Father Lord this evening Lord we want to reject it. We want to bring everything under subjection of the word of God. Every imagination every reasoning under the subjection of the word of God and say Lord let the word of God have the preminence in my life. Let the word of God have permanence in my mind. Let the word of God have permanence in my spirit Lord Jesus Christ this evening. If I let the word of God reign and rule in my whole life, Father Jesus Christ, may you have preminence in our bodies, oh God, we want you Lord to be the Lord and be the master in everything, Father. Lord, we do and say, God, may you come and bring deliverance in our lives, Lord, in our families. Lord, we pray Lord for our loved ones, for those who are still bound. Lord, in this third Exodus, we want to stand like Moses. We are not making compromises. We are not bargaining. We are not telling the enemy Lord that we our our children will be left behind. But we are claiming them in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, let the children of God be separated and be delivered this evening in the name of Jesus Christ. So we send your word. We send the word of God to our children wherever they allowed. whether they in church, whether they're not out of the church, whether out of the church, wherever they are, we send the Holy Spirit where they are and we claim them in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father, this evening as the anointing was so real. Father, we accept the word of God. Whatever in the situation they are in, they're not slaves anymore, but they Oh, Father, we look at them in the image before the foundation of the world. We want to walk in the thought of God as you express this evening, Lord. Father, we claim them in the name of Jesus Christ. We claim our husband. We claim our wives. Oh God, we claim them in the name of Jesus Christ this evening. Father, that your Lord would restore them to us in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God, in this Exodus, we are not leaving none of them behind. Lord, we claim them. We have received the same visitation of the Holy Ghost. We have received the same holy visitation of the pillar of fire. We have received the same visitation of a mighty prophet. Father, we have received the same visitation of the word of God. Father, so we believe and we walk by faith. Oh God, we pray for healing, Lord, in the body, different needs, Lord, for for brother Johnny, Lord, we claim in the name of Jesus Christ. For brother Luke Seak, we claim in the name of Jesus Christ. For brother Dan Banford, we claim in the name of Jesus Christ. For my mother, we claim her in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, you are still the same yesterday, today, and forever. We don't put in your box, father or lord. We don't reason about the word of God, but we accept every promise in the of of God. Every promise in the book is mine and we claim it in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan has no part in us. Lord, we have received the abstract title deed. He has no right upon us, but we love you, Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you, Father. It was so good to be in the house of the Lord. We love you, Lord. Thank you for sending the man of God and speak to our heart. Father, in this prayer meeting, Lord, thank you, Lord. We love you and appreciate you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Just want to read one quote and nothing. uh is one of my some of my favorite pages where I usually put the mark in the church age book and it was just in line with what the pro the brother said. But bam says Satan Jesus said about Satan he has no part in me and I have no part in him. &gt;&gt; The devil would like to prove that difference &gt;&gt; but he cannot. Amen. So he does all he can to destroy the confidence in the word. &gt;&gt; But when the church disbelieves Satan &gt;&gt; and believes the spirit's revelation of the word, the gates of hell cannot prevail against her. Amen. &gt;&gt; So we are standing on the word of God. The gates of hell can never prevail &gt;&gt; against the revelation we have of the word of God. &gt;&gt; Praise be to his name. Amen. So it will be there is power and then there is power in the name of &gt;&gt; you know you know that song brother Matendo made us to love this song. So there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. Am I singing correctly? Help me for mama. &gt;&gt; Healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name. Amen. Jesus. Amen. There is healing in the name of Jesus &gt;&gt; to break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. There is victory in the name of Jesus. There is victory in the name of Jesus. There is victory in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. to break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. There is an army rising up. There is an army. She's rising up. There is an army. She's rising up. There is an army rising up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. You are the bride. &gt;&gt; There is a brush. She's right. Rising up. There is a rising rising up. There is a rising up to break every chain. Break every chin. Break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain, to break every chain. [Music] &gt;&gt; We are not bound anymore. We are free. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I believe our families are free as well. We thank you, the Lord. Amen. You want to put doubt in the word of God, but we we continue confessing the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Pastor, I want to invite you to actually I've been thinking about the brother Dan if brother Dan would you please just say a few words for us an elder of mine to pray for us. &gt;&gt; Lord we came today Lord &gt;&gt; Amen &gt;&gt; to give you &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; praise and honor Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes father &gt;&gt; that you deserve Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Jesus. We thank you Lord for all what you have done for us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord we love you Lord and we want to be with you forever Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Walk with us Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Be in front of us Lord and behind. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Make that wall around us Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes father. &gt;&gt; To keep the devil out Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; And Lord we thank this congregation Lord. Bless us all, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Father. &gt;&gt; Bless us all together, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Cuz Lord, &gt;&gt; there's no one like you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And we thank you, Lord, forever and ever, Lord. &gt;&gt; In Jesus Christ's name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you richly. You're dismissed in the name of Jesus Christ.
