################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - RWF 2025 04 13 Moses Ndala Spiritual Understanding - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   RWF 2025 04 13 Moses Ndala Spiritual Understanding
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTkZ6-F--78
========================================

Description:
Sermon preached by Brother Moses Ndala on April 13, 2025.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Yeah. [Music] Yeah. [Music] When I think about the Lord. How he saved me. How he raised me. How he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed to the outermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, turned me around, and set my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you are worthy of all glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. Makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus, for all of the glory. All the praise. All the all of the praise. [Music] We're going to try a different song here. [Music] 655 Have the preeminence you deserve. [Music] have the preeminent that you desire. In our lives, in our lives. Have the preeminence that you desire in our lives. in our lives. Work with our hands, speak with our hands, see with our eyes, and walk with our feet. Oh glory, have the preeminence that you desire. day in our lives. In our lives to have the preeminence that you desire in our lives. in our lives. Have the preeminence that you desire. In our lives, in our lives. Work with our hands, speak with our lips, see with our eyes, and walk with our feet. Oh glory, have the preeminence that you desire in our lives. in our lives. The Holy Spirit rain down 717. [Music] Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. Oh, comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Amen. Welcome and God bless. And just want to say welcome to to brother Dan. He's back with us and and uh sister Esther's back from her travel. So welcome back. And let's sing. This world is not my home. 278. [Music] This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Know I am weak and bold and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't be at home in this world anymore. Just over in glory land will live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore, Lord. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Amen. Amen. Uh Sister Claudia uh has a a testimony that she wrote down that she'd like to share. It says, "Thanks to our Lord who answered prayers for healing from uh from back home to Julian Camilleio Geeko. Thank you." Um uh they were praying and he's uh he said he's clear from lymphatic cancer. So the Lord's the Lord's still a healer and he still heals and he he can he can touch us. And um maybe we can ask uh brother Scott if he can come up and there's a couple prayer requests still. We're praying for uh brother Johnny Hakalak and Ken Walker, our our brother-in-law. And uh yeah, there's a couple of needs here. So, we'll sing this one more time. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. [Music] Good morning everyone. The sunshine's coming out again. It's going to be a good week. Just want to go to the Lord in prayer now. Dear heavenly father, we approach your holy throne, Lord, by that precious blood, Lord, that cleanses us all, Lord, here today, Lord. I want to give you the honor and glory, Lord, for my dad, Lord, and welcome him back, Lord. I know that was you doing, Lord. You brought him and you healed him, Lord. It did take patience, Lord, but you have patience with us, Lord. You have many, many patience with us, Lord. And I thank you for that, Lord. Thank you. You're still on the mercy seat, Lord, and giving us patience. Lord, may you just be the ones that couldn't make it here today, Lord. You hear the request for them. Lord, we're all needy. Lord, you can touch them as we're just here. Lord, praying right now, Lord. I believe in you, Lord. And you could just heal them right now, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that we can still go to you, Lord, in prayer, Lord. Thank you, heavenly father. Thank you. Thank you for your mercy and your kindness, Lord. Be with us today, Lord, as we hear your holy word, Lord, and the preacher that preaches to us today, Lord. May you just open our hearts for that, Lord. May you we absorb it into our bodies today, Lord, and go as change people, Lord, today. Thank you for your kindness, Lord. Thank you, heavenly father. Thank you. ask us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Uh you can greet one another. [Music] [Music] You can have your seats. God bless you. [Music] Exceedingly [Music] aboundly [Music] above all what you could ask or think according to his power that workketh in you. in you. God is able to do just what he said he will do. He's going to fulfill every promise to you. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. He's able [Music] and more [Music] My mom [Music] did to say the maj [Music] on Jacob the fair to secure [Music] Let bon [Music] Oh. Oh. Oh f the Lord. Oh. Oh. Oh. If you for [Music] For in [Music] [Music] Oh, he's a B. Oh. Oh. Oh, he's a born. Oh. Oh. Oh. He's a born. He's a born. He's a born. He's a born. He's a born. He's a born. He's a born. He's able. He's able. He's able to do just what he said he will do. He's going to fulfill every promise to you. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. God, [Music] don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. He's able. God bless you. [Applause] Uh, I'd really like to thank God for his mercies. many miles away. Um, and he gave me um really nice journey. It was tiring both going and coming back, but I really thank him for granting me again another time to be with my husband. Um, I just want to thank him with this song. You made this vessel on earth. Called it a masterpiece. Lord, let it show forth your greatness through which the world will see you. Make me a vessel of honor. Cold me a masterpiece. Oh, let me show forth your greatness through which the world will see you. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. [Music] All thy spirit divine. All my nature refine till that beauty of Jesus is seen in me. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. All thy spirit divine. All my nature refined till that beauty of Jesus is seen in me. [Music] In me. [Music] In me. In me. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. All thy spirit divine, all my nature refine, till that beauty of Jesus is seen in me. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. All thy spirit divine and my nature. Till that beauty of Jesus is in me. Amen. Thank you. Sing one more a couple more songs. Brother Moses's kids will sing a song after. Let's try 1139. So much to thank him for. [Music] When I look around and see the good things he's done for me, oh, I'm unworthy of them all. But his blessings he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And then sometimes while on this way I kneel, I stop and say thank you for all you've done for me. Then one day I'll reach the heaven show. [Music] much to thank him for. I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] Don't for [Music] me to thank him Oh, and I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. One more time. I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] And when uh when there's not much left in your life and things aren't going your way, there's God's promises hold. God's promises are his words, his character is expressed. And even though, you know, we're on our way sometimes and we have trials and tribulations, it's it's nothing we can fulfill ourselves, it's all been set out before and it's been all proved before. And yeah, I'm just thankful that his promises are there. 1184. Listen to our hearts. [Music] If words could fall like rain from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I'd still run out of time. But if you listen to our heart, every beat will say, "Lord, I thank you for the truth. I thank you for the life. I thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you really are. But words are not enough. Tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. How do you explain? How do you describe a love that flows from east to west and that runs as deep as wide. Lord, you know our hopes. Lord, you know our fears. And how can we express the love we feel that we long to hear? So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you really are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. We'll sing that one more time as uh brother Moses and children come. So listen to our hearts and hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you really are. The words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to we start with the chorus or there is power power wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power power wondering power in the planet shares blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you evil a victory? There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. for a cleansing to Calary. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the fleshes of [Music] Would you be wer than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Since things are lost in this lifegiving flow, there's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. and praise his praises to sing. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power. Power, wonder working power in the preious blood of God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. [Music] Sing one more song. [Music] Mon the original life [Music] God's attributes were manifested to his bride in this last day. We have caught the revelation by the last prophet's message. And we know who we are and what we're raised up for. Praise the Lord. The original love. The original love. The original. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seed. The original life, the original se. We are worldly flesh today. That is what the scripture says. And our names are seen within. Redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God. The original lie. The original life. The original seed. The original world is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seies of the original love. The original sea. [Music] Standing open up at last and sweet victory is ours. Who were chained down in the past. True jubilee has sounded and we have responded to our God whose original life. The original life. The original. The original world is what I believe. What I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is under the original life. The original seed. We are called unto adoption. Full authority and power. Sleeping saints will wait to join us for translation in this hour. Gentiles days will soon be over. Oh, glory hallelujah to our God. The original life. The original life. The original seed. The original world is what I believe. The son of man is revealed to seven seed of the original life. The original sea. The original life. The original life. The original seed. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original love, the original sea. Let's praise the Lord. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. We are called unto adoption. This is the hour we are living in. Amen. where the original seed has come back to the full maturity once again. Glory to his name. We thank the Lord for his presence. Amen. And thank the Lord for the word of God. Amen. That we have received our time. Glory to his name. Let me just change the microphone. [Music] Wonderful. Am I on? I'll be on if you [Music] I hope to be in the house of the Lord this morning. We are so grateful to be in the house of the Lord. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Each and every one of you, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. When saints of the of of such precious faith, we can meet together and each one bring the leak of fire. We are one body. Amen. And we I depend on you. You depend on me. Amen. Like the eye depends on the on the on the brain, it depends on the ear, depends on the hands. So you are one one part of the body, but we are all together the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. So it's good to see you this morning and I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to have brother Dan back and we thank God for his healing power and God is working life. Let's give a hand to the Lord helping our prayers and thank God that you are here and standing came back came out of the hospital yesterday and today is here faithful at the post of duty. We thank God for that. Glory to his name. God bless you richly. We we want to follow your steps. We want to follow your steps of being faithful to God and thank you for your life. It's a sermon by itself. God bless you richly and your sister Sophie and the family. God bless you richly. We appreciate you from the bottom of our heart and good to have sister Esther. God bless her and God bless you richly. Good to have you back and it's good to be in the house of the Lord and thank you for sister Rebecca Rachel. Sister Rachel, God bless you. God bless you Richley. Welcome you in our presence and feel welcome, feel at home and God bless you richly. And we have um different ones and brother Elisha, God bless you and your family. It's good to have you and we we missed you as I was telling you. Oh, I used to see him in that corner. That is corner that was dedicated to him. So it's good to see you at the post of duty and sister Ma God bless you richly have been our prayers and we know the enemy has been attacking you but we are we on the winning side and we know that by his stripes you are already healed the finished work of Calvary. God bless you richly. We appreciate you richly and and and by the same place God bless you. Thank you for visiting us and uh God bless you richly and and all the regulars. God bless you richly. Brother Bla is a regular. God bless you richly and all of us. And just good to be in the house, Lord. And let's go to the Lord in prayer this morning. Father, we thank you for your presence this morning. Lord, we welcome you and we thank you, Father, for being in the heart of each believer this morning. Father that we can be gathered around the revealed word of the hour. Father, this church is called restored word fellowship. We have fellowship around the restored word, Father, of the hour. So, it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning despite the trials, despite the ups and downs, Father. But we are here for you. We are here to tell you we love you. We trust you. We trust in your promises. And Father, you never fail. You have never lost a battle. You have never lost a war, Father. Lord, so we are so thankful to be on the side of the redeemer. Lord, we give you the praise and the honor. May you touch it hard this morning, Lord. May you put the preacher aside. May the Holy Spirit have the preminence and speak to our heart, Father. Say one word that will make a difference, Father. One word from you will make a difference, Father. That's what we desire. Lord, a touch. We desire to touch you as you are here, Lord. As you are passing by, you are still the high priest. As we heard this morning through the tape, you are still the high priest who can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Lord, we love you and appreciate you. Bless each family here, Lord. We bless your name. We love you. Thank you for the specials. Thank you for the gift. Thank you for each and every one of us. Father, bless the musicians, Lord. Thank you for the musician you have given us. Bless them richly, the sacrifices they are making for you. Thank for the song leader, Lord. The sacrifices making for you. Bless them richly, Lord. As we depend on one another, we need one another and you have put those different gift. Bless the the the technicians, the sound, Lord, as they are behind there. Father, bless them richly, Lord. Bless, Father, the deacon, Lord. Oh God, bless him richly. Continue to anoint him, to use him, Father, as Lord is meeting to the material need or financial need or the needs of the church. Father, bless him and give him wisdom. Lord, we commit oursel to you, the whole church. Father, we surrender oursel to each family. Lord we commit ourselves to in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music] I invite you to go to the word of God. [Music] Proverbs 3:17. So we are finishing this service and the end of the of the sermon that we are listening. Leaning lean not onto your own understanding. This scripture the prophet is reading. I was thinking just to comment a little bit on that sermon this morning. Thank God for what he's also doing for brother Luke Semin. We prayed for him on Wednesday and uh the surgery went fine. So he's recovering. So thank God that God is working on his behalf as well. So continue to keep in prayers. Amen. Don't forget the the service this Wednesday and also we also have service on Friday morning. So Friday morning we have a service uh on Good Friday. We always have a service on Good Friday here usually. So we like to keep that and we have a service on Friday morning. The brother brother Brent will be speaking. So come expecting expecting you to be here as well to be good if you each and every one of us is here. Most of the places it's a holiday it's morning. So if you can make an effort to come here it will be great right and um and then on Sunday morning they have a regular service. Amen. And then end time message also having some services might participate on Friday evening and Saturday evening. So um just it's it's a prophet called it one of the greatest weekend. I'm paraphrasing the Easter weekend. It's one of the greatest weekend. So good to spend as much time as possible in the presence of the Lord. Amen. He spoke more about his death than he spoke more about his birth. Sometimes we put too much on Christmas. But actually Easter is more much more more more important. Amen. because he died and when he rose from the dead all our sins are forgiven. Amen. Amen. So, Proverbs 3:17. You are there. I'm not there. Proverbs 3:17 says, "My son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments for length of days and long life and peace shall they add to thee. Let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them about thy neck. Write them upon the table of thine heart. So shalt thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man. So you shall find good understanding in the sight of God and man. Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. That's why the prophet took the title says in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes. Fear the Lord and depart from evil. May God bless his word. You can have a seat. And I would like to read another scripture. Colossians 9:19. Colossians 1 9-19 say the Bible says for this cause we also since the day we heard it do not cease to pray for you and desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. That's where I will take my my my title this morning. Like to talk about spiritual understanding that you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work. being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. Strengthen with all might according to his glorious power unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness, giving thanks unto the Father which had made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light who had delivered us from the power of darkness. Last time we talked about the shalom to the bride but gross darkness upon the world but God has delivered us from the power of darkness. Says and I translated us into the kingdom of his dear son in whom we have redemption through his blood even the forgiveness of sins who is the image of the invisible God the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones and or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. Created by the Lord Jesus Christ and for him. Amen. He's before all things and by him all things consist. He is the head of the body, the church. Amen. He's the one who the who's the great shepherd. Amen. is the one with the head of the body. He who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleases, please the father that in him should all fullness dwell. Amen. Then in Philippians 2:5, let a mind let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Amen. So as I said would like to continue maybe to close on that service that prophet is speaking but just want to give a little bit of of of what uh bit of of thought that an inspiration I get out of that that message uh like to talk about spiritual understanding. So when the prophet says lean not unto your own understanding I don't think it means that you don't have to think. I don't think it means that you are not allowed to reason or to evaluate to judge with intelligence that a human being has. I think all of us we have a level of intelligence that God has given us as a gift to be to be able to evaluate things and to reason and to think and to to have a little bit of understanding human understanding. Certainly we do that every day in our usual life. Amen. And in a visual activities, you have to have a little bit of thinking, a little bit of understanding. Unfortunately, some people don't think anymore. For sure. They don't think anymore. They just just go. But we we we thank God that we still have a little bit of of reasoning, little bit of understanding and thinking. And that's why we are human beings. We are not just animal going by instant and everything. We have a little bit of reasoning. There are five senses of the of the of the flesh, five senses of of the of the spirit, but also one sense in the soul. But in one of the five senses of of of the spirit, there is reasoning. You have to reason. You have to have a little bit of mental reasoning, mental intelligence. But it's not what he's focusing on. He's saying you must you you must not lean on it, especially when it's against the word of God. You cannot take it above the word of God. You have to rely on the promise of God above any human reasoning. Amen. That's what the emphasis is on. So it's not about having no intelligence at all or what I should do digs without any understanding. But it is to consider what the word of God is saying above any other thing. Amen. Because the Bible is warning us in in Jeremiah 17:9 says the heart is deceitful in all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it? In other words, our thoughts, our desire, our intention are prone to mislead or to lie. Amen. and to twist the truth even to ourselves. Sometimes you can have mirror marriages, you know, you see things that you they are not they are not real. Your brain is just faking things. You see things that are not real. You hear things that you didn't hear. As you're getting older, sometimes I talk to my wife says, "Oh, why did you call me? Oh, I didn't call you. Oh, why that sound come from? You hear things you don't hear. Oh, I heard you saying that. No, I didn't say that. I didn't mean to say Or maybe I said you say things sometimes you didn't think what other say. So you can't rely on completely on what the human human heart is telling you, what the human mind is telling you. You have to have a super intelligence that you have to rely on. Amen. Are you with me this morning? You have to rely on a super intelligence what you that can direct you, that can lead you, that can be your guide. Amen. That's what he want. At the same times being a Christian does not mean you have to believe in anything. You know sometimes Christians they go on along on the conspiracy theories and they come up with something that oh that there's no head no no no no tailor. Oh wow that's quite that's quite something you need to have a faith to believe something like that really come this and they attribute it to that they attribute to one government. No, I mean Christian are not supposed to go in different kind of of conspiracy theories. Take the word of God. We have enough challenges to take the whole word of God than to create our own conspiracy theories. Just take what the prophet says. There is enough to give us perfect faith. There's enough to give us love of God by taking what the word of God says. Amen. That's what Paul said. For God has not given us the spirit of fear, but the spirit of power, the spirit of love, and the spirit of a sound mind. A Christian is the one who have the sound mind. Actually, without being born again, you don't have a sound mind. You need to be mean to be born again to have the clear mind and to understand what God is doing. Amen. And if you might see it later, you if you don't have the Holy Ghost, you can't have really a sound mind. You will be pulled by human impulses, by human thinking, you'll be following one way or the other way. But a Christian has a sound mind. Amen. In 1 Corinthians 14, Paul will be stressing on that and says, "If I pray in unknown tongues, my spirit pray, but my understanding is unfruitful. But what is then? I will pray with the spirit but I will pray with understanding also. So you can pray in the spirit can speak in tonesues and you can pray in tong. You can pray in tongues. You can pray and thanks but also at some point you have to pray with understanding. Amen. A Christian has this sound mind says I will sing the spirit but I will also sing with understanding also also when you shall bless with the spirit. How shall he be occupied? How how shall he that occupyth the room of the unlearned say amen at thy giving of thanks and seeing you understand not what thy says for verily I give thanks for for thou verily give thanks well but the other is not edified. So sometime we have to think about edifying than just being in the spirit. Amen. I thank God I speak with tongues more than eol. But yet in the church I rather speak with five words with my understanding that my voice I might teach other also than 10,000 words in an unknown tongue. Amen. Imagine I'm preaching in tongues. I can be preaching tongues and preach known tongues for you. I'll be preaching. Oh, I'll be feeling good and everything. But if you don't understand what I'm preaching, what good will it do, man? You need to understand what so you need to understand what I'm preaching. You need to understand what I'm saying. That's why the Pentecostal sometimes they go in one one side there will be just in tongues and speak in tongues on different things. There is no interpretation. Yes, I believe they're edified. But the one who speaking tongues edified but what about the church? What the church? It will be good to pray to have also a gift of prophecy so that you can understand and be edified. Amen. And the church is here to edify one another. Amen. The Bible says, "Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord and whose hope the Lord is, for it shall be as a tree planted by the water that spreadth out is her root by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green, and shall not be careful in the heal drought, neither shall seize from yielding fruit." So by putting your trust in the Lord, he shall give you, if you put your trust in the Lord, he shall give you the good understanding that the Bible is talking about. Do you know that Job prayed for good understanding? God, give me your understanding. He said, but where shall we where shall wisdom be found? In Job 28 says, where is the place of understanding? Man knoweth not the price thereof, neither is it found in the land of the living. The deaf said it is not me. The sea said it is not with me. So the understanding has to be somewhere. The clear understanding, the good understanding, the spiritual understanding has to be somewhere, brothers and sisters. Amen. Amen. Amen. David prayed for understanding. He says, "God, give me understanding. I shall keep thy law. That I shall keep thy law. See, I shall observe it with my whole heart." Solomon pray for understanding says God give therefore thy servant and understanding heart to judge thy people that I may discern between good and bad for who is able to judge these but these so great people and the speech pleased the Lord that Solomon had asked this thing you know Solomon had many things he could have asked but he asked one most important thing God give me your understanding give me your wisdom and God laughs at that prayer It was like a prayer of s of of of Samson that we saw that we that that we looked at it on Wednesday. God let me die to myself. Here it was same God give me your understanding. Give me your wisdom. Let me understand the way you understand because I can't rely on my own understanding. Can't rely on someone else understanding. God give me your understanding. The bride needs understanding of God. Let me see the way you see it should be our be our prayer. God loved that prayer so much that he gave him beyond the human wisdom. He came beyond what he could have asked. He gave him the wisdom but he also gave him the riches and the wealth and all the different things. He said because you have asked the right thing not for yourself but you ask in order to judge the people not to judge good good and bad. You have you have asked the right thing and I will give you an understanding heart. I believe Greater than Solomon is here. Amen. Amen. Now the real question I want to ask for this service this morning is we have our own understanding which could be misleading and God's understanding which we can call the spiritual understanding. How do we know the difference between God's understanding and our own understanding? How do we get God's understanding? It's I think for me it's quite the question. How how can I differentiate and know that this is just my understanding or this is God's understanding because those can be so close sometimes and with God's grace we want to be able no this is not my understanding this is God's understanding and and and and Paul is giving the answer to that question in 1 Corinthians 2:9-14 says but that is is written high Eyes have not seen nor ears heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God had prepared for them that love him. And I believe this message that God has given us is something that God had prepared that God had hidden before the foundation of the world since the foundation of the world that could not be displayed. But in this time it was it was been revealed because the book has been open. The word of God has been open. The word of God has been restored. Things that have were hidden. Things that were the put aside. Things that that that the prophet and the hardest put aside. But at the end time as we have seen the seals have been open. Now we have a book that is open that we can know the mind of Christ. We can know the thinking of God. We can understand what God really means. But what the word of God says. Before we could read the Bible and not understand what the Bible was saying. But now with a clear eyes, we understanding with the revelation with your open the book has become an open book for us. We can read between the lines. Amen. We can understand what God meant when he says that. Amen. Because it's not only literal word, but the Holy Spirit comes and quicken the word of God and make his life for us. Amen. Amen. says, "Eyes have not seen nor hear or heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God had prepared for them that love him." But we know that we also we're going to the new land. Amen. That God has prepared for us. But already now things are being unfolded. But God has revealed them unto us by his spirit. That's the key. God has revealed them has to us by the spirit. For the spirit searchth all things yet the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of a man which is in him? How can you understand a human person if you don't have a human spirit? You can't expect an animal to understand as a human being because he doesn't have the spirit of a human being. You can't understand an animal has to an animal and an animal a lion has to understand a lion. An animal has to understand the animal. in order to understand really you need to have the mind of or the or the spirit of that animal. My my wife was was making me laugh the other day. Says, you know, they arrested one person then in the car and then the police arrested one person says, "Oh, how come you're driving?" And the person says, "No, I'm I'm a cat driving." identify himself as a cat. Then the police says, "Oh, that's a reason for me to really arrest you because normal cat don't drive." So, oh, that was a good insight of that of that policeman. How can a human being identify himself as a cat? Do you have a spirit of a cat? Maybe you are nabikar having that mind of a of a human understanding of of of of a cow or something like that. But we thank God for the spirit of God. Amen. So how can you understand God if you don't have the spirit of God? Only gods can understand God. Only sons of God can really understand God. Only those who have the spirit of God can really understand God. That's why it's important to be born again. That's why it's important to have the Holy Ghost. That's why it important to ask God, give me a personal revelation of the word of God. No one can teach you enough to understand God. It has to become a personal revelation to you. That's why the prophet says, "Lean not onto your own understanding. Let that desire be in your heart." God, give me more of the personal revelation of who you are. To know you better, to understand you better. Amen. Not only to know the act of God, but to know your ways, to know what you like, to know how can I have a personal relationship with you. To understand a person, you need to have a relationship with that person. Amen. With a wife, to understand the husband, they have to come to a point where they have a close relationship. They can can understand each other. Amen. So the same thing with God. But we cannot understand God if you don't have a personal relationship with God. We cannot understand God if you don't if you don't have that time that you spend in prayer. That's time you spend in reading the word of God. The time you fellowship with him. Amen. Amen. That's right. That how the spiritual understanding can come. So, now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. The things that are freely given to us of God. Things that are gi you know things can give things something can be given to you but you don't know what has been given to you. The world has received Malachi 4, but they don't know who Malachi 4 is. Things can be given to you, but you don't know what God has given to you. Things God can give you a good gift and God can give you a good wife, you don't know that is a good gift of God. God give a good husband, you don't know that it's a good gift of God. You look at the negative side sometimes or the negative side, but God, may God give us the understanding to know what God has given us. Amen. Amen. The prophet says, "Now this may chalk you to death, but did you know that men that are sons of God are amateur gods?" How many even know that? How many know that Jesus said so? The Bible said, "Did your laws say itself that you are gods? And if you call them gods, which God said in Genesis 2 that they were gods because they were they had full dominion over the dominion of the world, he gave him dominion over all things. And he lost his godship or he lost his sunship, but he lost his domain and Satan took it over. But brother, we are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over again. Waiting for the fullness of time. Amen. We are living in a gracious, precious time, the time of adoption where we have to realize that we are sons and daughters of God. Son is daughter of God understand God. Amen. The only people who can understand God. When the pyramid gets up to the top, the prophet says when the full sons of God will be manifested, when the power of God will walk out, the prophet himself says hallelujah. And we will take every power that Satan has got away from him. Yes, it belonged to him. Amen. We were under spiritual amnesia. We didn't know who we were. We didn't know who we were. We didn't know even our identity. But when the word of God comes and reveal who we are, now we know who we are. Amen. We didn't know that we are sons and daughters of God. But when the word of God was open, we realize now are we the sons of God. Amen. Amen. By the Holy Spirit. Amen. The gift that freely give. Ephesians 2 says, "For by grace are you saved through faith, that not of yourself, it is the gift of God, not of works, let any man should boast." Amen. But it's a free gift of God. We thank God for the free gift. Eternal life is a free gift. For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. So we have received a free gift but we need revelation to know that the gift of God. God doesn't condemn the sinner because he remains the sinner. He condemns the sinners because he reject the way of escape that God has provided for every sinner to come out of that state that that state that he is in. That's why he con actually the sinner condemns himself because he's refusing the way of escape. Amen. But when you recognize the way of escape, usually the most thankful person. Thank God for revealing your word. Thank God for revealing the power of Calvary. Thank God for revealing the word of God to me, Lord, that you have opened my eyes. I was blind, but now I see, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. For we have received not the spirit of the world by the spirit which is of God that you might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Praise be to God. Let me go back to the free gift of God. Israel was there and they received the Messiah. The Messiah was given to them but they did not recognize him as the Messiah. Do you remember the story of Gazi as he went? I like that story very much with Elisha. As the Syrian cames, the army Syrian came he didn't see what God promised has given them that the angel will be camping around those who fear the Lord. He look at the circumstances. He look at the the Syrian's army. He was shaken and he was came to the prophet Elisha. Elisha, you know what? You know what? We have been surrounded. We'll be lost. We'll be we'll be killed. The prophet told me don't worry don't worry the one that was on the side a great much much in a great number than the one that you see with your natural eyes because his eyes were were blinded he couldn't see but the prophet prayed oh God may you open his eyes so that he can see what is surround him let me tell you this morning I pray when through the preaching of the word our eyes can be open to realize that I'm more on our side than what the enemy can try to put against us. The one that is inside of you is greater than the one that is in the world. He that is in you is much greater, much powerful than the one that is inside of you. He that is in you is much more powerful than the symptoms that the enemy can try to put upon you. So take the word of God, lean not upon your symptoms, but lean upon the word of God, the promises of God. They are yay and amen, brothers and sisters. Luke 17:24 the Bible talks about Cleopas and his friend as they were going to the village called Emails. Jesus Christ when he came to them as they were sad. He said unto them, "Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophet have spoken." Maybe they have believed some part of it, but he comes and tells them you're slow of heart to believe all that the prophet has spoken to you. I wonder if sometimes the Holy Spirit is not rebuking us on that level. You have accepted only a portion of the prophet, but you need to take all that the prophet has given us. And we want to believe all that the prophet has given us. We don't want to be slow in understanding or believing what the prophet has told us, but we want to be quick to believe what the prophet has told us. That was Mary was, "Oh, let it be done to me according to your word." As we heard this morning, the prophet saying she was there not leaning upon her own understanding. How could this be happen when when a man and a woman without being together, how could that be? How could that happen? The angel explained to her, you know, it will be done to you. the Holy Spirit will overshadow you. Amen. Like what brother I think it's brother Shad was one of them said he says you know actually when he say that the holy spirit didn't explain too much saying that the holy spirit will overshadow you doesn't explain how it will happen doesn't explain scientifically how it will happen but because he said the holy spirit will overshadow you she just believed that word of god and she took that it will be made possible she did not have to explain everything she just un she just understood spiritually what the word of God say. Amen. We don't have to understand how we will be changed. But by taking the word of God, we know that our bodies will be changed. Actually, the change has already started. Amen. He changed your desires. He changed my desires. So, the work has already started. Mary had was quick to believe what the word of God says. Amen. May God give us the faith of Mary to believe everything that the word of God says. As the disciples were going to em they were looking at Jesus Christ in the face talking to him. Don't you know what has happened in Jerusalem or how they killed the innocent one our Lord? We thought you will be our Lord. They're talking to him. He didn't he didn't veil his face. We we we've closed and no he was openly talking to them but they couldn't see because of unbelief. They couldn't believe they couldn't understand. And they couldn't the natural understanding but they didn't have also spiritual understanding. They couldn't believe the word of God. So they were completely blinded. They're talking to him and he's expounding the word of God concerning himself as expounding the scripture as he's unveiling the scriptures. Then then the spiritual understanding start increasing. They starting believing. They start believing. They start believing at the time when he broke the the bread and he did the same thing as he did before the crucifixion. Their eyes were open and they recognize the master. This is the master. He's risen from the dead. He's open their eyes and they recognize who he was. Why? Because the word of God was open to them. The same thing for us. When the word of God is open to us, we recognize who he is. The message is not is not a theory is not is is not a philosophy. The message is Christ. Amen. Is God himself. Amen. When you take the word of God, you take God in your heart. Amen. Amen. Amen. Circle around to come to this point. Jesus Christ 3 John 3 says Jesus answered and said unto Nicodemus verily verily I say unto thee except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God. Jesus answered verily verily I say unto thee except a man be born of the water and the spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is a spirit. And the prophet say Jesus when he said that says verily except now he says except he won't be born again he cannot see the kingdom of god. Now you couldn't see the kingdom of god because the kingdom of god is the holy spirit. Now some standing here will not taste of death till they see the kingdom coming in power. He said then the kingdom of god the bible said is within you. It's within you, the spirit, the holy spirit. And you can't see that with your eyes. So see me. See means to understand. Have you ever looked at anything looking right at it and say, "Well, I just don't see it." Prophet says, "See, I just don't see it." You mean you don't understand it. See, you don't understand it. To see is to understand. But with your eyes, you look at anything. But with that what inside of you you understand with it you see with that. Amen. With the eyes of God you look. Now hold your point. Now here here's a good one. If you read the prophecy if you if you are ready for it the Christian looks at things that he doesn't see with his eyes with his natural eyes. For we look at the unseen. See how do you look at it? With your inside eyes. Amen. Oh, may God open our inside eyes more and more to see him more and more to recognize him more and more. So you see it by faith. You see it by faith. In other way you understand by faith. Faith is the real understanding we need. Amen. We need the spiritual understanding by faith and we need to live by faith. Amen. Now to prove that the whole Christian armor is made up of unseen qualities. What is a Christian armor? Somebody says seeing is believing. That person would never be a Christian if he says seeing is believing. Because the armor of the Christian is made of this love. Did you ever see it? You ever see love? You don't see love, man. You see it in action, but you never seen love. You if you can pull your part of love out and let me see what it looks like. The prophet sometimes it can be so simple to make it so clear. Amen. Love, love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, faith, gentleness. The whole Christian armor is unseen with the natural eyes but is understood by the heart. There you are. There you are. Says you understand. You look with your eyes but you understand with your heart. Amen. So in 1 Corinthians 2 30:13 says, "Which things also you speak not in the words which man wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual things. But the natural man receives not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." 1 Corinthians chapter 2 as pastor used to say maybe this message can never be passed on intellectually. You cannot understand the message intellectually. You can read, you can read, you can study it, you can do different things but unless you have a personal revelation to you, it will never be understood. Amen. The message need to be taken by faith. Amen. If you have to take it sometimes here or this and look intellectually and try to put word by word and compare, you can never understand the message. The message has to be understood by faith. Amen. Abel did not have the written Bible. Abel didn't have the written the message of the book that he can read or the tapes he could listen to. He just had to receive revelation. Amen. They all went Abel and Cain went to the same church. They went to the same church. They had the same prophet. The same They had the same prophet. Adam called him as a prophet because the word of God came to him. God was talking to him. They had the same prophet. They had the same pastor. They had the same pastor was preaching to them and preaching to them. But one had spiritual understanding. The other had carnal understanding. understanding the same words but one understand it connally the other one understand it spiritually and by their sacrifices we show it shows what kind of understanding they had oh God may you give us that spiritual understanding may you give us that spiritual understanding of the word of God not reason not human reasoning by faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain Ken offered a certain sacrifice it was good But it was not the more excellent sacrifice God needed for that time. The Bible says by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gift by it being dead by yet speaketh. So the same spiritual understanding that makes you accept the message of the hour. My sheep knows my voice. You might not be able to explain everything by intellectual words, but something inside of your heart tells you this is nothing else but the truth. This is nothing else but God speaking to me. This is nothing else has but the voice of God speaking to me. Amen. It has to become a personal voice speaking to you. As the igllet understood the voice of the mother, the chicken run away from the same voice but the igllet recognize this is the voice of my mother. Something has to speak to you. And I believe something has spoken to you. Amen. In order to be here, something has spoken to you for sure. That's why you are here. You can't explain it. You can't take the natural words and try to put everything together. Oh, but it's in the word of God. Amen. You know, sometimes being the wife of of of a preacher, sometimes I got my wife and I trick her here. I trick her here. I trick her here. I try to confuse her and she she she gets stuck and I'm like looking at her man says ah I don't can't explain but it's nothing but the truth. Okay that's the right attitude you know I only have one person to tease so I have to go that the right attitude because you can't explain everything but you just believe. Amen. Amen. So it's God's grace when you have that spiritual understanding by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Matthew 13 says, "Therefore speak unto them parables, because they see not, and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand. And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which said, "By hearing you shall hear and shall not understand, and seeing you shall see and shall not perceive. For these people's heart is vexed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed, lest at any time they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted. And I should heal them, and blessed are your eyes, for they see, and your hearers, because they hear. Amen. The prophet says and put a comment that in exposition of church age. He says it is more evident that this scripture that no man of himself can hear God. That ability has to be given him of God. It's a free gift to you to be able to hear God. It says oh God I hear you speaking to me. Thank you Lord. Amen. Amen. We should never belittle that. We should never otherwise you'll be like oh no no I joined that church and then I got that theory they told me that so now I left that church oh no no no you don't leave the church of god once you are born in it you can never leave the church of god you are born inside of it I can never leave my family even if my father naturally says no I you come go away you're not part of me you're not you you put shame on my family I take your name out oh he can never undo me I'm part of the family. I have his blood inside of me. The same thing for God. When you are born in the church of God, you have the life of Jesus Christ. He can never undo you. Amen. You are part of him. You can never he can you can never die as God can never die. Amen. That's the power of the revelation that God can give you that we have the seed of God inside of you. Amen. I hope I'm not shouting. I hope it's okay. Amen. Matthew 16:17 prophet says the Bible says this as well Jesus answered and said unto him blessed art thou Simon by Jonah for flesh and blood has not revealed it unto thee but my father which is in heaven is the one who has revealed it unto thee. So prophet say putting those two verses together we see that there is only one group of people and that a very special group of people very special group of people you are very special group of people because you can hear the voice of God who are able to hear what the spirit says in each age. Amen. It is one special group that receives the revelation for that age. Amen. Oh, they can be good people, wonderful people, but sometimes they don't have the ability to hear the revelation for that age. What the spirit is speaking in that age. But God bless your ears because they can hear your heart because it can hear. Amen. Do you know that the real evidence of the Holy Ghost is when you are can hear what the spirit says in your age. This when the spirit is talking, the spirit is teaching you and you say amen to every word of God. That's the proof that you have the evidence, the Holy Spirit inside of you. Amen. The disciple never understood everything intellectually in the sense that they could clearly explain everything, but they still had the spiritual understanding. Oh my. For me, it's a paradox. You can't explain it, but you still understand it. Amen. Amen. Explain to me. No, I can't explain to you, but I still understand it. It's so clear to me. It's so clear. I don't see how you see. You don't see it. As brother Ron was putting it in illustration says, look at the image. Oh, I see a horse inside that other person look at the same image doesn't see anything. You know the mountain where brother banam his his face is on the mountain. Sometimes you look at people who don't see it the first time. You you don't see brother vanam the face of brother vanam there my kids are the first time when I show them I don't see daddy I don't see daddy it's so clear explain to me there is there something but at some point it clicked in them oh daddy I see it I see it I see it you see the same thing with the message of the hour you don't see it you don't one time oh I see it praise be to godmen Prophet says and they never did clearly the prophet says it's not I'm condemning someone of doing it if I do I do myself mistakes all people does it if the apostle walked with the lord misunderstood him they never did clearly understand him right at last they say oh lord now we understand so spiritual understanding is a spiritual revelation without it people will leave the message. The disciple did not have the disciples who did not have the spiritual understanding. They left the message in the time of brother of brother Banham and they left the message in the time of Jesus Christ. The prophet says in the unveiling of God say my subject this morning. I trust that God will reveal this each time if you if if you take the tapes and listen and hope and trust that that you have a spiritual understanding of what God has been trying to get over to the church without saying it right out. Sometimes God can speak and he doesn't say it right out. Time to ask the prophet are you are you Malachi 4? Prophet doesn't say never says you know the angel every time he goes he say the angel the two angel that went in sodom and he would take oral Robert the Billy Graham but there was one angel stayed with him his name was ending with ham but it never says brother banam the angel stayed brother banham no it doesn't mention that but you have to read between the lines says oh I understand I know what he's talking about he doesn't say plainly but you know what he's talking about that's what the bride is saying the bride understand what god wants wants you to understand. Like Rebecca says, "Give me water. Give me water." But what she understood, "Give me water and give me water also to the cameras." She had the spiritual revelation of what the pro of what the servant was telling her. The same thing for the bride. Amen. Sometimes not words by words, but the spiritual revelation behind that word. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you are in love with God, God will reveal more behind the word of God. I've been reading this, but oh now I understand what he meant. Amen. As the prophet would say, you know, I write a letter to my wife and I write there, honey, the kids are sleeping or she write to me and I read it and I know what she means between I know what she means it. Why? Because I love her. To understand God, you need to love him. Amen. It's a it's a it's a love affair. Oh, I understand the scripture because I love him. If you don't if you otherwise you you won't understand what is behind. That's why the Pharisees missed the law. They missed the they were practicing the law without understanding the law. They didn't have a spiritual understanding. But when the master of the Sabbath came, when the Lord Jesus Christ came, he knew he he understood what was behind the law. So it's not just living by the law, but there is a love affair behind the law. It gives the mind of God behind the law. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh God, give us spiritual understanding more and more. So it's a thing the prophet says it's a thing. Sometime we have to say things in such a way that it might thin down. It might bring some to go out. Really? Prophet says, "Oh yeah, God has to say things in order to bring people to go out. Sometimes we want people to come." He said, "No, too much. Put some out." Oh God have mercy. He said some to go out, some to leave, some to ponder over, but are done purposely. It might be done that way. It must be done that way. Then it might be that some would say you mean God will purposely do a thing like that. Prophet says certainly he certainly did. He does yet. He said one day when he had thousands around him he said except you eat of the flesh of the son of man or the son of man and drink of his blood you have no life in you. That's a hard saying for some of them. It's hard saying I can't understand that they left. Some of them Peter didn't understand either but he still stayed. I will still stay. Where would I go? Where to whom else shall I go? You are the only one who have the words of life. Even though today I don't understand but I still stay. Amen. Today the preacher preached and I couldn't understand anything but I still stay. Amen. I listen to the tape. I didn't understand everything but I'll still stay. Amen. Amen. Because I know that where life is. Amen. We are not like Opa. You know Opa started and she she followed us the move. She follow the move. Oh, Ruth took the decision. So I'm taking two. I'm following by emotions. Oh, everything everything is fine. You know you know Naomi, we we want to stay with you. But one time Naomi says, you know what? Hey, let's try to reason a little bit. Let's try to reason intellectually. I'm so old. Even if you follow me, look and look at me. Can I be bear another child who will be your husband? Look, try to think a little bit. Reasoning you think, oh yeah, she makes sense. Oh yeah. Opa said, you know what? Oh, that makes sense. Can I be excused myself? You know, oh, I cry. I go and she went and reasonably intellectually she was right to go. But Ruth, something inside of her was just pulling. I can't leave you. Your God will be my God. Your people will be my people. Where you will be, that's where I'll be. That's where I will stay. Something was pulling her. That's what is called spiritual understanding. She couldn't explain it. But there was a reason God was pulling her. Amen. The patriarch, they didn't understand everything. They didn't understand everything. Abraham didn't understand everything. But he followed God by revelation. And all the patriarch was talking about I have to be buried in in the Palestine. I have to be buried in the promised land. All of them from Job, from Abraham, from Isaac, from Jacob. Amen. From from Joseph, make sure that my bones are buried there because it is a land of revelation. It's a land of resurrection. They didn't have a written book. They didn't have a written Bible. But they have a personal revelation from God. Amen. Amen. Where could we where else can we go but stay with the message of the hour? Let me buried in the message of the hour. It is the land of the resurrection. I know on that day I will be raised again. When I shall hear the trump in one moment, in a twinkle of an eye, my body shall be changed because I am in the land of the resurrection. Let me straighten that. Prophet says the writing of the son says, I think we are off the phone, but we are still here. Jesus said, he that hears my word and believe on him that sent me has everlasting life. I go down the street and take that literally what it is without the spiritual understanding. Now making it say something like this by just saying that what it says. You see here the right word there in the Greek in the original says he that understandeth my word. So he that understandeth my word and believed on him that sent me has everlasting life. In other words mean when you say understand doesn't mean it doesn't mean scientifically understanding. You might not be able to explain it. Once again this is my note. You might not be explain to explain it even understand it intellectually but at the same time you understand it spiritually. As we heard last time love produces faith. Love produces that spiritual understanding because faith is the spiritual understanding. Hebrews 11:13 says faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtain a good report. Through faith, through faith we understand that the words were framed by the word of God. Really? Can you explain to me how the world was formed scientifically? Can you explain to me how the atoms split? How from nowhere those atom were? Can you explain to me scientifically? But still you can say by faith I understand. By faith I understand that the world were framed by the word of God. Because when God is omnipotent, you have that revelation. God is omnipotent. When he says the word of God, it has to come to be fulfilled. You might not know how it happens, but you stay with the word of God that you will come to be fulfilled. Amen. You might be sick today and you don't know how God can heal you. But let me tell you, let the faith of God gives you the understanding to know that you are healed. Amen. You might not understand how your children will come back, but let me tell you, may God give you the spiritual understanding to grasp the promise of God. I understand that they will come back. I can't explain, but I'm understanding they will come back. Amen. We cannot understand how you will be changed in the twinkling of an eye. But by faith you understand that you will be changed. Amen. A Christian has a clear understanding. Amen. Amen. Spiritual understanding. I know it will happen. I know it was formed. I know you might not know be able to explain how Joshua stopped the sun. Oh, but if he stop the sun, no, the world is turning. Which one is turning? I don't want to go in that discussion. I understand that he stopped the sun and the sun stopped. I know he did. I understand. It's so clear to me that he did it. Can you explain how Moses separated the Red Sea? I can't explain to you, but I know it happened. Can you explain to me how brother Bam created a squirrel? I can't explain to you, but I know it happened. Can you explain to me how he stopped how he how he stopped the storm? I can't explain to you but it happened. Can you explain to me how he was there at the cloud in 20 28th of February? I can't explain to you but I know it happened. We can't go into the discussion. We just believe what the word of God says and we move on. Amen. Faith faith is the sense. If they pray for you and you say, "Well, I don't feel any different." Prophet says, "You are not supposed to feel any different." You are supposed to believe. You're not supposed to understand intellectually. You are supposed to believe. Says, "So, you are not called to understand intellectually, but called to believe." We are not called to reason the word of God. Faith does not reason. Faith believes. A believer believes. Amen. It's part of my note. The faith if the s the faith is a six sense that makes you deny anything that is contrary to the word of God. Anything that is contrary to the word of God you deny it. You accept what the word of God says. Amen. Faith is the anchor. That's why despite the trials, despite the tribulations, despite the persecutions, your anchor holds. Your faith holds. Amen. God has given you the peace that passes all human understanding. How in the midst of trial can you still be joyful? How in the midst of trial can you still be praising the Lord? As in the midst of a of of a of a sickness, you are still raising your hands and God, you are the healer. How can you explain that scientifically? Oh, it's the anchor inside of your heart that keeps holding and saying, God is the truth. Amen. Amen. That's why the prophet say a Christian faith is based solidly upon rest. Amen. A Christian is not tossed about. A Christian doesn't run from place to place. A Christian doesn't fast and fume and worry about things. A Christian rest. It's all over. It's all finished for the believer at Calvary. That's right. Sickness may comes disappointment. Let me say that. Disappointment. Disappointment is when you expect something to come. Oh, and then that brother doesn't that to you. Oh, that sister doesn't that to you. Oh, the pastor doesn't that to you. The deacon doesn't come and visit you. You get disappointed. Disappointment will come. But the Christian is at rest. My anchor hold. Oh God, give us more that anchor to hold deeper deeper. So then knowing this that God is able to keep that which he has performed which he has performed as a as a sister and brother saying God is able. No matter what God is able to keep what he has performed. God is able knowing that no matter what the thing is and how it looks, there is neither sickness, sorrow, death, there is neither starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that is in Jesus Christ. We are at rest. Let the old ship toss in any way it wants to. The anchor holds. The anchor holds. Faith is the six sense. Is a real sense. Faith is not imagination. Faith is not a myth. Faith is not a hope. So faith is not a positive thinking. Faith is a sense. Is a real sense. I know that it will happen. How do you know? I know because God said so. That's what faith is. It's a sense of the paradox. A paradox is something you can't explain, but it's real. Amen. That's what faith is. Faith is positive. Faith does not reason. Amen. Faith takes God's word. Even when you can't explain, but you still take God's word. Amen. The bride is called to have perfect faith. Perfect faith in the perfect word. Amen. We have received the restored word. May God give us the perfect faith. Amen. To believe what God has given us. What the prophet says in the perfect faith says what? That's what's holding it away right now. It's waiting for that church to come into that perfect raptured faith. We are looking for it. It means a lot of shaving down for me, a lot of dying out. A lot of cutting off, a lot of circumcision. It means a lot for you. But together we will make it by the grace of God. Amen. Amen. Oh, is not God good. Amen. Just want to go to this part here and then I'll be finishing scripture that I've been trying to to unfold here is Corinthian 1 Corinthians 2. Go home and read the whole chapter. Just wonderful. 1 Corinthians 2:16 says, "For who had known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him, but we have the mind of Christ." I like the way Paul is saying here. We have We have the mind of Christ. We have the mind. He He has a confirmation. We have the mind of Christ. How can you have the mind of Christ? The prophet William, I'm saving time, but in the you must be born again. that you might you have the mind of Christ when you are born again because you don't have your own thinking anymore. You have God's thinking. You think what God thinks. Amen. You take God's word. You take the mind of Christ. When you are born again, you are a a new creation born by the spirit of God. So your own thoughts are dead. Now you are accept you are living by the thought of God. Amen. We don't want our own thought. We want God thought. Amen. But now I believe in our age goes even way deeper beyond the new birth. It's way deeper because now we have the mind of our husband. We have the mind of Christ. Christ is the revealed word. We have the mind of Christ. We have the mind. The intelligent has come down. Amen. The capstone has come down. The headship has come down. We have received the mind of Christ. Amen. You know when a couple is married for a long time after so many we I think we fellowship someone around it after so many years people start saying oh this wife she talks like her husband she looks like her husband oh you look alike why because because you become part of part part of one another. You start thinking the same way. Sometimes you can be there and then oh and then the wife just picks up what the husband is saying without saying any word. Oh how do you know that you want? Because the wife she knows the husband. She knows the reaction. She knows what he thinking. People of the world will look at it. Oh that telepathy. Oh that brother that's telepathy. But for the bride no she's catching the mind of Christ. She knows what the husband is saying. But when he was discerning the thought, it was not the his own mind. It was the mind of God coming down and revealing the thought. Amen. It's not telepathy. It's the mind of Christ going into the bride. Amen. Now we have the mind of Christ. We start understanding what God wants. Amen. We have received the headship. The headship is the head. That where the intelligence is. That where the understanding is. Amen. So instead of having the natural understanding, now we have the intelligence of God coming to us and giving us the spiritual understanding, the spiritual revelation. Now we know how God thinks. Amen. We know how God wants. Amen. Amen. So not a struggle anymore. Oh, do this, do this. Oh, why? Why? No. I accept what my husband says. Amen. When the king when the king called Vashi, he called her and she thought she had a different thinking of what the what the king thought. Oh, he just want to call me to show me to his people. So, I don't want to go there. I want to have my own program here that the church I want to have my own program here, my own things and doing my own thing. But when when Esther came, she didn't want to have her own mind. She was talking to she was talking to the unic. You tell me what the king wants. I want you to tell me the mind of the king. You tell me what the That's what the the message comes. You're telling us the mind of the king. And once she understood the mind of a king, she accepted everything that the king wanted to do. That's what the bride comes. To have the true harmony with the husband, she has to have the mind of a husband. Amen. The prophet says we could be so committed to God that we wouldn't think our own thought, but you will think he thought. May I be so com may I may I be so committed to you, Lord, that your spirit will use my lips to speak, my eyes to see, not for a glory of man, but that the people might know that God keeps his word and that we are at the end time. Is that the desire of your heart as well? God, I want to be so committed to you that I think your thought and I see what you want me to see that I can't rely on my own understanding. The prophet says the Christ is revealing his own word. You can't see with your hands if it's part of the body. You can't see with the ears yet it can hear. You can't see with your nose yet it smells. You can't you can't see with the lips though it speaks yet. That was the Pentecostal age. But now it is in the eye time the seeing. Now there isn't one moving faculty behind beyond the eye. Is that right? The next is the intelligence which is Christ himself who controls the whole body. Now we at the time where the revealing of the word has come which is Christ and it say the same message says it says because that's the last thing says says Christ is the revealing of the word says then come out through the feet luther and come out through Wesley then it's the Pentecost of the tongues and the lips and see now it is the eyes the prophetic of Malachi 4 and so forth now there is nothing else left for it to come but him himself to step into that because is the last thing that there is the next is the intelligence. We have no intelligence of our own. It is his intelligence. Oh, thank God for your intelligence. If I didn't have your intelligence today, I'll be swept away by Leodia. I'll be swept away by this intellectual age. Do you know that brother Bam even himself if he didn't have that intelligence coming down, he would have made a horrible mistake himself say I would have made such a horrible mistake preaching about the seals. I would have relied on intelligence of people who have so much educated and have talked about it. I would have made that mistake. But thank God for the intelligence that came down and revealed the thought of God. Thank God that it was not his own understanding. I can't rely on human understanding of a man of sixth grade. I thank God I'm relying on intelligence of God. The message of the hour is the intelligence of God being expounded. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise be. Do you love the message? I'm closing. Give me five minutes. It'll be 12 and I'll be closing. If Job had the intelligence, the understanding, then he could have had the answer when God challenged him. But the end of time now we have the understanding. Job 13 says when God is talking to Job said then the Lord answered Job out of the world wh worldwind and said who is this that darken counsel by words without knowledge. Get up now thy loins like a man for I will demand of thee and answer thou me? Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. Job did not have the spiritual understanding that we have today. But now, thank God for Malachi 4. Thank for the opening of the word that can go beyond before Genesis 1. The message of the hour is the only message that can go beyond Genesis 1. All the religions, all the reformations and everything, they stop at Genesis 1. When God created heaven and earth, but goes beyond when God was not God, he still had you in his mind. Thank God for the mercy. can go beyond eternity to tell us the intelligence of God. We were in God thought. God, if we can answer to God's question, where were you? We were part of you. We were in your thought. We are you God. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. We are God because we are part of God. That's why as we read our opening scriptures, Paul is saying Christ is the head. It means the head is the one who controls every member because he's the head. So we have to take the intelligence from the head. If the head has come to govern and control the whole body, then each member should be in harmony. As 1 Corinthians 12 12 says, "By one spirit we are all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be born or free, we have been all made to think, to drink into one spirit. For the body is one member, but many. For the body is not one member, but many. But now had God set the members, every one of them, in the body, as he had pleased him. And if there were all one member, where were the body?" But now are we the many members, yet but one body, and I cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee. Nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of thee. Nay much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. If God is the head, it means each one of us we should have mutual understanding because we are part of the body. My hand here as can understand what the eyes the signal of the eyes he can understand and pick up send it to the to the brain and the brain comes to the end of the eye can see this is a danger and it goes to the brain and brain directs the the feet move away from that so we are all connected if we are all connected to the head then we are all connected you can't judge your brother you can't oh no this is one you can't criticize your brother you can't criticize your sister no we are part of one body amen you can't say you know what I I'm stay on my corner. I'm a single Christian on my corner. No, we are part of one body. We need one another. You need me, I need you. Amen. Never belittle yourself. Say no, they don't need me. I'm not necessary in that that place. I'm not necessary to go in that. No, we need you. Amen. You need us. Amen. We need one another because we are one body under the same one headship. Amen. You don't represent sometimes how such encouragement you are to someone. But why we don't want to wait on that day when you pastor you know then they give you testimony stays now in the church. You are testimony for someone. You're an encouragement for someone. Amen. Amen. The musicians can come as I'm closing otherwise I'll go to another part here but to bring me to another part is the discernment but keep that for another time missing income. Do you realize that we need more spiritual understanding God more revelation to know you better. Oh God give us the mind of Christ to think the way you think. Not our own understanding not our own reasoning. We cannot lean on our own understanding. We have to lean on the spiritual understanding of the word of God even when we cannot comprehend it intellectually. But we know that it's the truth. Lord, help me to stay true to your word. Even when it against my five senses of the flesh, when it's against my five senses of the spirit, but let me stay with your word and say what the word of God says. Amen. Amen. Let me keep pressing on until the other day. Amen. I'm living by faith. Living by faith. I care not. Let me I care not today what the moral may bring. If shadows or sunshine or rain, the Lord I know ruleth over everything. And all of my worry is made by living by pray in Jesus above. Resting, confiding in his great love. Safe from a heart, sheltering. [Music] I'm living by faith. And I feel no alarm. [Music] Tempest may blow and the storm clouds arise, obscuring the brightness of life. I'm never alarmed at the overcast skies. The master looks on at the strike. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. Trusting confine in his great love. I'm safe from a home in sheltering. I'm living by faith. I feel no alone. I know that he safely will carry me through no matter what. evils be tied. Why should I then care though the tempest may blow if Jesus walks close to my side? I'm living by faith. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. Trusting, confiding in his great love. I'm safe from a harm. You're sheltering on. I'm living by faith [Music] and no other. [Music] Our Lord will return to this earth some sweet day. Our troubles then will all be old. The master so gently will lead us away beyond the blessed heavenly shore. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. Trusting confiding in his great love. Safe from a harm in his sheltering arms. I'm living by faith. I feel no alone. Are you living by faith? And you want to continue living by faith. Amen. Amen. The solid rock stand in Christ solid rock stand. All other is just sinking sand. [Music] Thy Jesus blood and righteousness I dare not trust the sweetest frame but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. Oh, all other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy care, my anchor holds within the veil. On Christ the solid rock I stand. Oh, all other ground is sinking sand. All other ground sinking sand. His hope, his covenant, his blood support me in the whelming love. When all around my soul gives way and is all my hope and say on Christ the solid. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I let in him be found rest in his rightousness alone. All less to stand before the throne on Christ the throne as stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Let's give a hand to the Lord. Hand of praise. Feel that song wonderful. Um, my eyes have seen, my ears have seen. Um, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Amen. [Music] Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Oh counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, giving me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. One more heart sing for joy and gladness. Jesus saves, satisfies, vanishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is a wonderful mighty to deliver. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to lift the counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh, he's saving me. He's healing me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and for salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all forgiven. And my name is for the good of heaven. Wonderful, wonderful. Hallelujah. Jesus is to be counselor prince of peace. Mighty God is he. My Lord is saving me, giving me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way. Holding sweet communes. [Music] Glorify your Lord who has given you full of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh saving me, giving me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise him. [Music] Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is me. My Lord is saving me. Giving me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Let's praise him together. Father Lord, we thank you. We glorify your name this morning. Father, we worship you, Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you for the se you put in our heart to respond to the word of God. Father, we want to give you the preeminence as the first song was the first songs were sung. Father, may you have preminence in our lives that we don't walk, Father, by our reasoning. We don't walk, Father, by theology or dogma or creeds. But we walk by revelation. We walk by faith. Father, thank you Lord Jesus Christ. Increase our spiritual understanding of you, of your word, of your will. Father, we want to walk in your perfect will. Father, thank you for the word. Thank you for the intelligence. Thank you for the headship. Thank you for opening our eyes. Thank you for touching our soul. Thank you, Father Lord, for helping us, Lord, not to look at the natural circumstances, but faith is the master of all circumstances. Help us to rest in your promises, Father, to lean upon the word of God, to trust in you, Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we love you. We give you the glory and the honor. Thank you for your presence this morning. It has been good to be in the house of the Lord. The Holy Spirit moving in each believer, Father, claiming the promises of God. Lord, we praise you. We love you. We thank you. You are our counselor. You are Lord. You are our savior. Glory to your name, Father. We praise your name. We worship you, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for the opening of the seals. Thank you for the open word. Thank you for the Bible that has become a new book for us. It's a book of love, Father, between the husband and the bride. Thank you, Lord Jesus Christ. Have the preminence in our lives in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Wonderful. Once again, let's say wonderful, wonderful. And be wonderful, wonderful. Jesus is to me, counselor, prince of peace. Oh my God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. When the enemy attacks you, point him to the word of God. My name is in the book. I'm a son and a daughter of a God. God has given me spiritual understanding. I know I'm there. How can you explain? I know I'm there. I can't see it, but I know it's like a kite. You know, you can't see it, but you know the vibration. You know that it's there somewhere. I can feel the vibration of my father. I know it's there. Amen. And I have a representation on the other side. Amen. I don't know if you know that song, but there's been in my this I think yesterday or I think about count the blessings. Count the blessings. Do we have it? Yeah. Sing your heart blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. When life the tempest touchs. When you are discouraged thinking all is lost. Count your many blessings. Name them one by one and it will surprise you what the Lord has done. My sister, count your blessings. Name them one by one. My brother, count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. Are you ever burdened with a load of care? Does the cross seem heavy than you're called to bear? Count your many blessings. Every doubt will fly. And you will be singing as the days go by. Count your blessings in the one. Glory to God. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God hath done. When you look at others with their lands and gold, thinking that Christ has promised you his wealth untold. Count your many blessings money cannot buy. Your reward in heaven or your home on high. Hallelujah. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Thank you for your blessings. Count your blessings. See what God for healing. Countless. Thank them one by one. God many blessings. See what God have done. So amid the conflict whether great or small. Do not be discouraged. God is over all. Count your many blessings angels will attend. Help and comfort give you till the jour. [Music] Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessing. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. Glory to his name. Many blessings that money can never die, can never buy, but God has given us to us. Praise be to his name. Brother Elisha, your mind closing the services. It's a privilege to have you. back. So, [Music] let us pray. [Music] Okay. [Music] foreign. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] manifest. Hallelujah. Everyone [Music] [Music] manifest [Music] [Music] [Music] accept. atmosphere. [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] Thank you, brother. Yes. Amen. Thank you. God bless you richly. And once again, we thank God for brother Dan to be back. God bless you richly. We are so happy. When one member is suffering, the whole body is suffering. When one is happy, we are all happy. Aren't you happy that he's here with us? Thank the Lord. You are dismissed. God bless you richly. [Music] [Music]
