################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-23 - "A Borrowed Body" (Part 2) - Bro. Andrew Spencer on August 23rd, 2025 - Andrew Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-23
Title:   "A Borrowed Body" (Part 2) - Bro. Andrew Spencer on August 23rd, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6c1j2PGkZM
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Dear you [Music] Deep down. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Wait for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God. Oh, his son when he came down his face for me. Oh, once my soul was a stray from the hon and was rich here and found as could be. Oh, but my s You're g [Music] for thee. Aren't you glad he reached down for you? Oh, when he preached down his name for me. Oh, when he reach for me. [Music] Oh, I was lost and undone without God. Holy Son. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad that he reached down for us? Everybody will be happy over there. Aren't you thankful for that? &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond where the save on earth shall soon glory share. Oh, where the soul may shall win and live forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, everybody [Applause] will be so happy. We'll be so happy over there. Oh, we will shout. Oh, sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy or there. Mothers, father, sister, brother will be singing around the throne in that land. Oh, and the Christians of all ages will join in that trial song. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, everybody will be so happy. Oh, we'll be so happy over there. Oh, we will shout. Oh, we sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, we will. We're here by the ring and no mourning in that land. All the birds there will be for us to bring. Oh, all the people will be singing. Glory, glory to the land. Everybody will be happy all the day. Oh, everybody will be so happy. Oh, we'll be so happy. Oh, we will shout. Oh, sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, there will be the one who saved us and who kept us like his grace and who brought us to the place so bright. Oh, we will praise his name forever as we look upon his face. Everybody, oh, we'll be happy over there. [Music] Oh, everybody. Oh, will be so happy. Oh, will be so happy over there. Oh, we will shout. Oh, we sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy. [Music] Amen. Give the Lord praise this evening. He set me free. He set me free. Once I converted in prison, that ain't it, is it not? Amen. We'll get this worked out before this coming weekend. Amen. What's like a burning prison where no freedom from my sorrow I be more than Jesus came and he listened to me and glory to God. Oh he set me free. Oh he set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke the mark of reason for me and I have a glory man for my Jesus to see a glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am glad I higher each day. All darkness of night it has drifted away. Oh my feet are landing on higher ground and glory to God. Will I hold man? Oh he set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke the bar of prison for me and I'm glory. Oh my Jesus to see and glory to God. He's happy for me. Oh good to see and things that come will not work. You shall turn me around. Oh daily I'm working I'm praying too and glory to God. Well I'm calling through. Oh he set me free. He sent me free me. Oh, I heard a risen for me and I had glory man. Oh my Jesus to see glory. Oh, can you sing out one more time? He set me. Oh, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. Oh, but he broke the bar of rising and I'm glory. Oh my Jesus to see. And glory to God. Oh, he set me free. Amen. Aren't you glad you can proclaim that? That he has set you free. Amen. Good to be here, isn't it? Let's sing a song. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh I'm a child of the king. Oh, your blood [Music] rose in my veins and died. Who was rich? Oh, and poor now can see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the king. Oh, once I was clothed in the wrath of my sea. Oh, rich and poor, lost and lonely, greatly. with wonder compassion. Oh, the king of all kings. He came and great lord. He took me under his wings. Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm the child of the king. For his ros [Music] [Applause] my way and died. Oh boy. Al could see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the King. And now, oh, I'm a child. Oh, with the way call me home. Oh my god. [Music] I'm in his blood. And someday we will sing with all the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. For the child of the king. Oh, your blood my face down. [Music] Oh, and poor you see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. We're like a child of the king. Amen. Aren't you glad that you can say you're you're his this evening? Amen. As they play something softly, I'm going to go to the prayer request. Uh dear church family, please remember Matthew in prayer. He moved to Boston today for this semester of college. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. This one we want to pray for our brother Matthew there. That all goes well for him. Uh please pray for a special cousin of mine, Linda Vickers. Uh she has MDS syndrome, which is a cancer of the blood. Uh is the doctor's diagnosis. She is very weak. Thank you, Sister Phyllis. So want to remember that lady there, Sister Linda Vickers. I want to pray for each and every one of our elderly that God would just sweep by their way. I want to pray for the ones that are fighting cancer that is uh still in the fight and on the battlefield for the Lord. Want to pray for our pastor, brother Ron, that God would just touch him as well as sister Teresa Delaney. Want to remember our sister Wanda Hinkle, our brother Jeff Breeden. Just pray for those daily. Want to remember, please remember my nephew Matthew Vest in prayer. He has a tumor on his right eye. Thank you, brother Ron Vest. And uh I got this uh prayer request this week from brother Joey Terry. Said if the church could please pray for my cousin Deborah Fox. She is in the hospital with a mass in her stomach possibly surgery between and this was this week between now and Friday. Uh he then sent an update on his aunt said she is out of surgery went great. The pathologist confirmed no cancer. She's in recovery now. Thank you for all your prayers. So I want to remember Deborah Fox which is Joey Terry's um my goodness aunt. So I want to remember uh her and our prayers. Uh also got a request this week. Uh please remember Ruby and Homer uh Blanken. These are my parents. My name is Donna Susong. Uh my mom is 90. My stepdad is 83 and we are all filling in health. We desire your prayers. Thank you and God bless you. So want to remember that family. They stream every weekend they said. So I want to just pray for them that God would just move on their situation. Also want to remember sister Kylie McGraw uh this week she began with headaches and dizziness and I believe they are still waiting on an MRI. So I want to just be remembering her in our prayers. How many would have an unspoken request say Lord just passed by my way and he knows each and every one of these needs. Don't I'm going to ask brother Matt if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace. Amen. Let's bow our heads. How many believes he there's nothing too big or too small? All you have to do is ask. And when you ask, believe. So, let's just believe together. God's going to move on every one of these needs. Father, we just bow our heads and count it a blessing to be in your presence today, Lord. God, we come into your courts with praise, God. We want to praise you, Lord, for all that you've done in our lives, Lord. All that you're doing, Lord, and all that you're going to do, Father. Lord, I want to praise you for this service already, Father. Lord, we believe great things are going to happen in our midst right now, Father. God, we've come together, Lord, and we're believers, Father, and we've come to our Father, and we're asking him to move in a supernatural way. Father, you're a God that big things, little things, it doesn't matter, Father. All we have to do is ask and believe. So, Father, we ask you for every one of these prayer requests. Father, that there come a testimony that something begin to change. It was little by little or maybe it was right away. Father, we don't want to put any limits to what you will do, Father. God, I just ask that you would move on every one of these requests tonight, Lord. God, that we'll hear testimony after testimony after testimony, God, of what you're already doing right now. Father, we pray for Brother Andrew, God, that you just move him out of the way, Lord. There's a there's a word that you want to speak, God, and your chosen vessel is coming to his post of duty tonight, God. And I know he's studied, Lord, and he's prayed, Lord. And Father, we've come expecting to hear from you, Father. God, you hear our hungry hearts, God. You hear what we have need of, God. And we ask you, Lord, may we hear just one word from you tonight, God. And may it be, Lord God, may it grant to us faith, Lord, to believe, Lord, and to keep pressing on. God, if there's one that isn't ready tonight for a rapture, Father, God, I pray tonight be their night, God, that they make all things ready, Father. God, we just commit this service into thy hands. Lord, we just ask you to move and sweep through the building, Lord. Speak to every heart. Speak to every life, Lord. May healing come, Lord. Every every attribute of you, God. May it be on display in the in the church of the living God. We give you praise. We give you glory, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you. At this time, we're going to receive the Steven's offering you give us. God's bless you. have Sister Kim Martin come and sing for us. Sister Sharon come sing for us this evening. Then Sister April will sing after them. Amen. I want to thank everyone for uh that was able to show up this week for our work day. What a wonderful time we had and and all the help that we had. And I know the pews are a little tight this evening, this weekend. And but uh we're going to need them all next weekend. So, just be remembering that in prayer as well as uh we'll have service Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Friday is at 7 o'clock. Uh Saturday is at 6 o'clock and then Sunday at 11:00 with our uh fellowship at Spotswood High School to follow after that. We got three great speakers planned for this year. We got Brother Donnie coming, Brother Wayne Lawson, and Brother uh Tim Puit's going to be here. So, hey, we're just praying for each and every one of them. Are we? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You can be seated as you give [Music] When I hang my thread, [Music] I'm losing my grip and I've lost all hope. Along comes the strength beyond my control. Oh, that's what Jesus is. With the scoundrels and drunkers, the lepers meet far away between a couple of thieves. The last place on earth you think he would be. But that's right where Jesus is. &gt;&gt; The prince of peace and perfect love. That's who he is and where I run. I can't count the ways that I'm not enough. Thank God. Oh, thank God. Jesus is When I'm walking back guilty from the places I go with no hesitation, he welcomes me home. He's not afraid to get mud on his robe. That's just how Jesus is. the prince of peace and perfect love. That's who he is and where I run. I can't count the ways that I'm not enough. But thank God. Oh, thank God. Jesus is the prince of peace and perfect love. That's who he is and where I run. I can't count the ways that I'm not enough. But thank God. Oh, thank God. Thank God. [Music] Jesus is [Music] [Applause] [Music] My mama and daddy talked about going home since I was just a babe on their knees. They said that nothing compares to what was waiting up there. How one day I would finally be free. Well, I've never seen it, but I keep on believing it will be a place like I've never known. I keep my eyes on the sky, cuz my soul wants to fly. Lord, my heart is ready to go. I want to know how it feels [Music] to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of home. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. Sometimes I get weary from this life that I live. It seem like peace is something I'll never find. I've tried to lighten my load when all that I have to show is 700 things on my mind. Well, I'm seeing visions of a crystal blue river where sins forgotten without a trace. more than I've ever dreamed. And my eyes want to see the look above on my Savior's face. I want to know how it feels [Music] to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of old. I want to know what it's like [Music] to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. Sometimes I get weary from this life that I live. It seems like peace is something I'll never find. I've tried to lighten my load when all that I have to show is 700 things on my mind. Well, I've seen visions of a crystal blue river where s's forgotten without a trace. More than I've ever dreamed. My eyes want to see the look of love on my taker's face. I want to know how it feels to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of old. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. We stand. Sing a song. Mighty you are. Lord God Almighty, Lord God Almighty, you are clothed in mesty. The heavens declare your wonder. Give a great to my [Music] for you alone our God. There is no one else like you. Let the nations defame [Music] that you have done great things. Oh mighty you are. Oh holy you are. Your mercy enduring forever more. Oh, and righteous you are. [Music] Oh, great you are. I exalt you, oh Lord. My God, my king. Oh Lord God Almighty, for you are glory, majestous. [Music] Declare your wonder for you are great and true to this. For you are our God. There is no like you declare that you have done greatly. Oh mighty you are. [Music] Holy God, your mercy. [Music] Oh, rightous you are. Oh, praise you are. Exalt you oh Lord my God. Oh mighty you are. Oh mighty you are. Oh holy you are. your mercy to me forever more. [Music] You are great. I will exalt you. Oh Lord, my God, [Music] you deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship and as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory [Music] and we honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. Oh, as we praise your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like me. &gt;&gt; Just worship him for you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. the glory honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles. There is no [Music] there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are great. Well, you are great. You do miracles so great like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's no &gt;&gt; There is no one else like you. &gt;&gt; My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Whenever there's in my s I have oh who watches over me when the grace merging to again [Music] but I know master of we know the maker of the rain and he can calm the storm or make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle through the sky above the beach. My soul can be found. Oh, an unexpected storm. It may try me from the high. It may bring me low, but it never me down. I know. [Music] I know the master of the way. [Applause] I know. Oh, he come make the sun shine. Hallelujah. I sing it one more time. I know him. I know him. Yes, I know the master of the way. I know the mater. your own. [Music] He can calm the stor. [Music] I know the master of Let's just go to the Lord in prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord, and we're so thankful, Father, to realize that you're in the boat of our life, Lord Jesus, to just to sense the nearness of your holy presence, Lord. No matter if you're out there walking on the water or if you're in our boat, we know, Father, that you are in control of all things. Father, we just want to completely yield ourselves over to you, Father. Lord, that you could just bless us tonight, both hearer and speaker. Father alike, Lord, that your presence would come down and begin to minister unto us, Lord, through the message of the hour, Father. Our hearts have been turned, Lord, and the veil has been taken away, Father, and we see Jesus, Lord. We are so thankful, Father, that we don't look at this message and see books and tapes and just rules, Father, but we see the living Jesus Christ. And Lord, I just want to thank you for the message of the hour. I want to thank you for coming by my way, Lord. Even when it looked like you you shouldn't have, but Father, your your election, Father, chose me, Father. And I'm so thankful, Lord, tonight, Lord, to be gathered here in a body of believers, Lord, that believe this message is going to rapture their soul. And I pray that tonight that you would minister unto them, Lord, through the preaching of the word. There are many needs here, Lord, God, that have been presented to you. And we ask, God, that you would just make yourself known. May the abiding Jesus Christ come amongst us tonight, walk the aisles and sit with us in the pews, Father. Lord, we open up our heart just now and ask that the King of Kings would come, Lord, and visit with us just a little bit in the name of Jesus Christ. We pray these things. Amen. And amen. If you have your Bibles today, we'd like to look over in the book of Hebrews chapter 7 and Hebrews chapter 10. Man, man, we're certainly looking unto the Lord this weekend and just believing for a just a supernatural charge of the Holy Spirit before we go into these Labor Day meetings. We're so thankful that we're able to have them again this year. We don't take meetings for grants, but it's a time, a refreshing from the Lord, and we're asking that God would just come amongst us in a very special way. And I believe he's going to. Don't you? Amen. Amen. We're going to welcome our brother Jonathan Frey and his family here with us this this evening. He's a good friend to me and I get a note from him about every week. He sends me what he's smoking. It ain't it ain't what you're thinking. He's smoking different meats and different things and and uh he he knows how to make a guy jealous and he made us up some some beef jerky while we was there in Canada and it was it was exceptional. And I don't mind being a guinea pig for things like that. So just remember me. Ice cream, ham sandwiches, beef jerky, and the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; That's my diet right there. Amen. Amen. I'd like to just read this quote uh to you uh before we before we go into the the reading of the word this evening. Brother Brandham said in the true Easter Seal, and I think it's beautiful, and brother Brandham says these things right here. He said, "You just see if he's still the high priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmity." He said, "I never seen you in my life. You're a stranger to me. I I know nothing about you. God does know you. And if he can reveal to me by his Holy Spirit, the resurrected Christ who come here and give me a temporarily resurrection by my spirit that my spirit goes away now and his spirit comes in then to let you know whether he is alive or not. Now I don't know you. That's me, my spirit. We don't know you, but he knows you. But he wants to borrow my body to prove that he's the resurrected Christ. I'm so happy to loan it to him, give it to him, anything that he can get out of it. Hebrews chapter 7 and verse one. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being by interpretation king of righteousness, and after that the king of Salem, which is king of peace, without father, without mother, without dissent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life, but made like unto the Son of God, abideth a priest continually. ually Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 5. Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me? May God bless his word. You may be seated tonight here in the presence of the Lord. I'd like to just carry on our thought from last weekend and what the Lord's been just laboring on my heart on a borrowed body. And we we recognize that that by the the quote that we've read, we recognize immediately and we're so thankful that we don't have to guess at what the message of the hour is saying unto us. But we recognize exactly who this is right here amongst us. And we we can look clearly at it. You don't have to guess who it is, but you know exactly who it is that is coming down and has been ministering unto us and been feeding our souls. And we realize that MelzDC is none other than God Almighty manifest in a in a theophony body. And we realize that the Bible begins to assert to us here that Melzdc is the king of Salem. He is he is the king and priest of the most high God. And you begin to see Melzdc step into the picture in in Genesis chapter 14 when he comes down there after Abraham fights for his brother-in-law Lot or his his nephew there. He begins to fight for him and Melzdc shows up after the battle is over. And that's where I think that we ought to draw our attention is that when Melzdc shows up, it is there at a season. And when Melzdc ever shows up, it is a for a time and a season for recreation. And you begin to watch that MelzDC shows up after the battle is over. And we realize that by the by the scripture that this that this MelzDC was none other than Jehovah himself. He was the most high God. He was he was the great I am. He was alpha and omega. He was the root and offspring of David. He is the rose of Sharon. And he is the lily of the valley. He is none other than the self-abiding almighty God himself. We could say it like this. It was the logos before it took on flesh. This Melzdc is the word. And Paul when he brings in the argument here in in Hebrews chapter 7, he begins to lay out some fundamental things and highlights the insufficiencies when you begin to read Hebrews 6 and 7 and 8 and go through there that Paul begins to highlight the insufficiencies of the law or the Levitical priesthood that they had completely based their their priesthood strictly upon forms and and religions and carnal laws and shadows that could never believe. bring bring the believer into a place of complete redemption. Though they would come to a place where they would feel where they would feel under the word of God and there would be anointing there and there would be a powerful presence there. But we recognize by the scriptures that the Levitical priesthood was going to come to an end because God was laying it in there that it could only go so far. If you look at verse 11 in Hebrews 7, it said, "Therefore perfection were if if if per therefore if perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, for under it the people received the law." He said, "But what nor need what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melzdc and not be called after the order of Aaron?" So if Aaron's priesthood, if it's power, if it had the power and the ability to wash the believer and make him clean, then there was no need for Jesus to be able to come here as a complete sacrifice. But that's why Paul is laying in there. They showing that the Levitical priesthood could only take you so far. That the aeronic priesthood could only wash you. It could simply cover up your skin. It could cover up your anointing. It could cover up your of your of your DNA. It could cover up your sins. It could cover up your mistakes, but it couldn't completely eradicate them. Notice what verse 19 says that the law made nothing perfect. Now, we know that if we're going to if we if we're going to enter into that beautiful city, then we've got to be made perfect. We've got to be made whole. And we realize that the blood of bulls and goats could not make the worshipper therefore unto perfect. the law made nothing perfect but the bringing in of a better hope did and that's what Melazdc this priesthood was doing that by the witch he drew nigh we draw nigh unto God so Aaron would come in and you can imagine as he is elected to this priesthood he would come in and he would see thousands of of sacrifices now that they would come in the worshipper would come in you can imagine the mindset of the high priest and is there and he's operating under his priestly duties and he begins to watch them as they're coming over the hill and they're bringing that perfect that perfect sacrifice that doesn't have blemish. It doesn't have a mar on it. They've studied it out and everything's got to be in its perfection. But you can imagine as Aaron as he's standing there, he can look at all of those lambs and those rams and everything coming there. But could you imagine Aaron knowing that all of those priests, all of those sacrifices would never make them perfect? &gt;&gt; That it would never eradicate them. That the worshipper, yes, he was worshiping in God's chosen place, but he was not completely eradicated. His conscience was not clear. He went in there and he never was made clean, &gt;&gt; but he was operating according to God's law. So, he did everything. And therefore, God accepted his sacrifice. But Aaron was looking for something. The priesthood was looking for something. I'll be honest. I don't want to come to church and live the same way that I am. I want it to come here and I want him to perfect me by the word. But Aaron knows that all of them worshippers, no matter how many millions of bloods of bulls and goats, could never make the worshipper therefore clean. Notice notice what it says in Hebrews 10:1 that the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there unto perfect. So they walked in there, they came in there with their sins and their petitions. They left there forgiven for the moment &gt;&gt; but they never changed. Now, to be a real worshiper, you've got to have a change. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. You've got to have a real change. It's not you that you don't cut your hair. It's not that you wear long dresses and your brothers don't act like sissies. What makes a worshipper is the change that comes upon his heart. Because anybody can praise, anybody can shout, anybody can sing. But God wants a worshipper that is perfected by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Never changed. But I love what verse 12 says in chapter 10. But this man, &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. This man, this man after he had offered one sacrifice for sins, forever sat down on the right hand of God from henceforth accepting till his enemies be made his foottool. For by one offering, &gt;&gt; come on, Catholics. &gt;&gt; Where you got to constantly beat yourself. You don't need nobody. &gt;&gt; You don't need another lamb. You don't need a red heer. &gt;&gt; This one sacrifice forever. &gt;&gt; Perfected forever. Them that are sanctified. &gt;&gt; Do you hear me? Satan, &gt;&gt; do you hear me? Demons of hell, this man's sacrifice, &gt;&gt; this man's death made me perfect. Somebody give God praise. So the law, it's kind of like a man that would go to the doctor and he's got a wound on his body and he's constantly got an infection is affect an infection there and he could go to the doctor, brother Doug, the doctor could place a bandage or a band-aid over top of that wound and he could go in there the next day and the wound would still be there and he would replace the band-aid. He would go in there again and it could do the same exact thing. But the band-aid does never get rid of the infection. It's just covering it up. And that's what Aaron's priesthood was. It was simply covering up the infection. But this Jesus was the cure. It was the antibiotic to make our blood clean. &gt;&gt; Notice what Paul says in Hebrews 7:15. And it is yet far more evident for that after the similitude of Melzdc there ariseth another priest. Now let me tell you this. If Jesus don't get up out of the grave, if Jesus doesn't rise up, if Jesus doesn't get up out of the grave, if Jesus doesn't pay the debt, then you and I are not perfect. Now there's a lot of people even Pharisees and Sadducees even fought over this that there was no resurrection and there are people even today that say there is no resurrection. But let me say this without Jesus rising up then there is nobody that can be made perfect. &gt;&gt; But because there was a priest made after the similitude of Mazdc. Hallelujah. Who is made not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life. Endless I know we got some farmers in here. You've had to you've had to butcher some things. But once you took his life, it was over. It didn't matter if you loved Billy or not. He wasn't coming back. It did not matter about Barabus's perfect lamb. His lamb was his seeing eyes to be able to take him through the streets to be able to lead him around. But he could go up there and offer it, but he can never get his sacrifice back. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But this one that was going to walk by Barabus one time would change his life, this lamb, this powerhouse would lead him the rest of the days of his life. An endless endless life. Woo. &gt;&gt; What does it when you begin to see Paul as he begins to illustrate and perfect perfectly comes in there and labors on the thought of who this MelzDC is, he shows us that there is a change in dispensations. That this priesthood is a priesthood of an endless life. That when you see Melazdc show up, as I said, it is about new creation that is getting ready to start. When he showed up to Abraham, it was about new creation. When he showed up to Joshua, it was about new creation. When he showed up to Jacob, when he was wrestling with Melzdc down there, &gt;&gt; what did he do? It was about new creation because Jacob was no longer going to be Jacob no more. &gt;&gt; But he's going to be known as Israel, a prince with power. Hallelujah. What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm saying that when Melzdc comes to your life, it's about the token. It's about a complete nature change. When Melzdc shows up, it's about the new birth. And you might have been birthed here and you come in here speaking lies and all kinds of carnal forms about you. But when this Melchazdc, when this new birth, when you are washed, baptized, justified, sanctified, and filled with the Holy Ghost, when this Melzdc shows up, he creates in you a new image, a new desire, a new life. What is it? It's the son of man looking for a dwelling place. A body. &gt;&gt; A body. &gt;&gt; He can borrow. Hallelujah. That's Melzdc. There's been great theologians that have never figured out who he is. There's been a lot of studies done on Melkazedc. I go back and read them every once in a while for a good laugh to see how wrong they are. But they've guessed at it. They've probed at it. They presumed at it and they said, "Well, it's just a priesthood." But the Bible said that Melzdc was a person that he was the king of Salem. And if you're a king, that means you got to have a domain. He was a king of peace. He was the king of righteousness. So therefore, it could not have been Hallelujah. It could not have been a lesser God or a weaker God, but it had to be one person. &gt;&gt; He was without father. He was without mothers without beginning and end. He was none other than Jehovah manifested by creation. The same one that visited Abraham, the pre-incarnate Jesus Christ. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying it was the dove that led the lamb to the cross. This MelzDC is a dove of the Holy Spirit &gt;&gt; that comes to the believer's hearts. That gives you power to resurrect. It gives you power to be made whole. It gives you power &gt;&gt; to recognize that the same one &gt;&gt; that John was watching. John's a type of you. And all of a sudden he sees one stand up and start walking through the Ephesian age. through the Samra age, through the Thyaran age, through the Ephesian age, through the Philadelphiaian age, and then he sees him walking right there in Leosa. What are you saying? I'm saying he's the same one. I'm saying that that was that same MelzDC that was back there in the Garden of Eden. It's the same Melzdc that is right here in Satan's Eden. and he's going to make sure that this body will not fall like he fail. Hallelujah. You don't have to count on your flesh. You don't have to count on your pastor. You don't have to count on some deacon to keep you in line. This MelzDC, &gt;&gt; this MelzDC has showed up to make sure you make it. This Melzdc has showed up. He was the one that fulfilled Hebrews 8:3. For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices. Wherefore it is of necessity that this man have someone also to offer. Notice what Paul tells us that this Melzdc is a priesthood of more and better. When you study the book of Hebrews, you'll find the very common language of more and better. And I find this about my Melzdc that every time he shows up, I get some more. And every time he walks in the door, things get a little bit better. &gt;&gt; Why? because he's a priest of more and better. But I tell you what this Melzdc will do. This Melzdc said that in this hour that I will put my law in their minds and in their hearts. &gt;&gt; Now I starting to get out of it when I was in school, but I didn't get out of it when I got home. But they used to paddle you, smack you on the hand when you wasn't getting in line with everything. You wasn't listening. How many in here wants to show their age when they had a had a ruler slapped across their hand? When they wasn't paying attention, when they wasn't doing what the teacher said. Now, there's a few of you in here. Be careful. But when you wasn't picking down what she was putting up, putting down, you wasn't picking it up, and all of a sudden, she comes over, smacks you on the hand because you wasn't doing exactly the way the teacher said. &gt;&gt; What I love about this teacher, the tutor of the Holy Ghost, he's he's never had to smack me on the hand. He's now he's had to whoop me a few times, but he's never never had to come in there and say, "You know what? You're writing it down wrong. You're you're looking at it wrong." Why? Because the Melzdc, the same one that wrote the word is the same one that lives in my heart is the same one. &gt;&gt; Now Jesus said that they that worship him have got to worship him in spirit and in truth. &gt;&gt; And Jesus, the Bible tells us that God is a spirit. And if you are a spirit, whether you're a holy spirit or an evil spirit, then you've got to have a body to be able to work through. So God is looking for empty vessels that he could pour himself into and therefore hallelujah and shake the world with it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Just like when you start studying these big old giants that come in, how they come in from the Garden of Eden through the serpent seed. What was it? Lucifer was looking for a body that he could borrow that he could come in. He could take that body. He could manipulate that body. He could come in there and he could lay seed and it could go forth, go through the bedding ground of Eve, therefore bringing forth serpent seed. But before Lucifer could do this, he had to have a body that he could operate in. Let me say this that Jesus needs your body. &gt;&gt; Jesus needs your life. the evil spirit that was cast out of the swine and the hog up there on at that maniac. They needed a body to be able to operate in. And when Jesus cast that evil spirit out of Legion, they said, "Send us into that herd of swine because they need a body to work through." You remember when King Saul lost his anointing that there all of a sudden an evil spirit become to work on him, he was he was influenced by an evil spirit. Why? Because a spirit has got to have a body to work through. You remember when there's a king up there and he's wanting to know whether he should go out to battle or whether they're going to win the battle or not. And there he brought up these false prophets that was going to tell him he was going to win. But remember what the scripture said is that the aligned spirit, hallelujah, got on the inside of them false prophets and all of a sudden they begin to speak things that was going to take place. &gt;&gt; But there was somebody in the crowd that said, "Is there one more? &gt;&gt; One that is led by the true spirit?" &gt;&gt; Because a spirit needs a body to work through. So it took 400 prophets and begin to work through it. When you look at Jesus as he's coming down, he chooses a very select class of people. Here's Judas that's walking with him. I'm always astonished at Luke 22. Now you begin to see that there's some conniving that is going on because a spirit needs a body. Notice this spirit starts working on these high priest working on these soldiers and they was looking for an angle to get Jesus was looking for it. And the Bible then said, "Then Satan entered Judas." You see the angle had been presented and then the spirit came. You look at it in this hour that is exactly what has tried to take place. An evil spirit has tried to come in. The enemy brought in an angle and all of a sudden the spirit got behind it and tried to thwart and kill. It ain't them people. It's a spirit. &gt;&gt; Remember what the prophet told us that God takes his man but never his spirit. And so does Satan take his man but never his spirit. He said now when they asked him the question and question answers said where is him evil spirits that was in that maniac? Brother Brandham said they're still here today. &gt;&gt; He said they're still here today. He said, "Whenever you come into contact with an an insane individual," he said, "they're real crippled up." He said, "They've got great strong power." He said, "What is it?" He said, "It's not them people." He said, "But it's a spirit that's on them that gives them the power to be able to throw people." You remember when brother Brandon was going down there in that little that little room and that little woman down there was slipping around like a snake. What was it? It wasn't that woman, but it was a spirit that was on that woman. He was simply borrowing her body. And you remember what the spirit began to cry out? Said, "William Brown, you had nothing to do with me. I brought her here." &gt;&gt; You remember what that husband said, "Now look said, she ain't spoken so many so many months in so many years." He said, "It's not her." He said, "It's that spirit in her. That's a devil in her. It's making her do those things." What was it? That spirit needed a body to be able to operate in. You notice when you ever you ever been around somebody that's been out of their mind and mental case, they're very strong. They have superpower. You're going to grab them by the hand, they'll jerk your shoulder right off of you. They've got a superpower. I love what Brother Man said this. He said, "Now, if the devil can give a crippled person or an insane person that kind of a power, what would the Holy Ghost do if he got on the inside of an individual that if he could give somebody that is crippled up or sick that kind of a power?" I say it like this. What did he do in Samson? What did he do in David? What did he do in the three boys? What was it? It was a spirit &gt;&gt; that used Samson's body, that used David's body, that used Daniel's body, that used Shadrach, Meshack, and Abednego's body because God wanted to borrow a body. You watch brother Brandham when he starts talking about that lady. Brother Brandham said I found this amazing is that because brother Brandham said now he said the ministry had not come into the discerning of hearts yet. It was simply laying on the hands and he said I had to take the patient by the hand to be able to tell what the disease was. And he said I wretch over there to try to grab a hold of her. He said but I couldn't do it. He said, "And the man, her husband began to get so distraught because he couldn't lay his hand on her." Brother Mar, I love this. Brother Mar said, "What about that gift?" He said, "I can right now ask God in heaven to touch her." &gt;&gt; He didn't have to lay hands on her. All of a sudden, he began to pray because God needs a body that knows how to pray. Whether you got a gift, whether you can shout, whether you can sing, whether you've got a gift of knowledge, he wants somebody &gt;&gt; that can pray. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. One man said this because they'd heard there was a family that heard about this case. He said it was a case of menopause that had got on this woman. Menopause, whether you recognize it or not, is a spirit. And he said all of a sudden he said a doctor gave her a shot for that menopause and it made her start losing her mind. This individual comes to brother Brandon said he said I've sold my donkey. He said I've sold my farm. He said I've sold everything. He said but I heard about that little woman how that God delivered her. He said if he'll do it for her he can do it for my wife. You see what the power of one testimony. You may not like going through the trials of your life. You may not like going through the troubles and the stormy seas and the and the ups and the downs of it all. But let me say this. God used a woman that was in a state of menopause and he borrowed her body to bring about deliverance. What did sister Mariah Puit her testimony do? It gave us the ability to recognize that God can borrow a little girl's body and he can put hair back on her head. And we've got a living testimony in the house of God tonight. That God again wants to borrow a body to restore his glory. What happened with Sister Elena Buts? It was God showing that he wanted to borrow a body &gt;&gt; that was greater than cancer of the lung. &gt;&gt; What did he use brother Ron for? He wanted to borrow a body. But God don't want to stop there. God wants some teenagers. God wants some little bitty girls. God wants some young men. Somebody that'll worship him in spirit and in truth in the good times. I'll praise him in the bad times. I'll praise him on the mountains. I'll praise him. You remember there's a little bit of girl that God wants to borrow her body. She's kept herself. God wants to borrow a little 16-year-old girl because he needed a teenage girl that he could place his seat in. Mary may not have understood what she was fully accepting, but she was getting ready to bring salvation to you. I always ask the question, what if? What if she wouldn't have let him borrow her body? What would have happened to the story of salvation? What if you won't let God use your body? What if you won't completely yield yourself over it? But God wanted to borrow a 16-year-old little girl's body to be able to bring forth the savior of the whole world. And therefore she be to say testify whether somebody believed her or not. She was testifying that she met an angel that was going to bring forth this angel prophesied that she was going to bring forth a son and he was going to call his name Jesus and he was going to be the savior of the whole world. But when Mary and Joseph and Jesus go up at the feast of Passover, when he's 12 years old and he's up there testifying and preaching to the scribes and the Pharisees, Mary comes up there. Mary comes up there and she begins to deny the supernatural birth that takes place. Said, "I and your father have sought you for three days." But Jesus looks at her and said, "Look, I've got to be about my father's business." Jesus never did anything without the father's permission. &gt;&gt; She was denying the supernatural birth. &gt;&gt; But I want to say this to you. He's a God of first chances. He's a God of second chances. He's a God of third chances. He's a God of fourth chances. You say, "Well, Brother Andrew, you don't know what I've been through and you don't know how I failed God." God is a kind of God that'll give you another chance. And she denied the supernatural birth. But on the day of Pentecost, God wanted to borrow Mary's body again. Hallelujah. I love what brother Brandon said in the adoption series. He said, "He was the all existence." He was the all existence. There ever was self-existing one. Elah Elohim means that all sufficient, all powerful, almighty, self-existing one. He said, but in Genesis chapter 2, when he made a man, he said, I am Jehovah. What did it mean? It meant that I am the allexistent one who was and has created something off of myself to be a son of mine or a temporary or an amateur little one. Mine. Oh glory. Why? When he gave man, Jehovah means that he gave man to be an amateur god. Jehovah means that he gave man to be an amateur god because he is father god and he made an amateur god. So he isn't self-existing anymore. He exists &gt;&gt; with his family. &gt;&gt; Elah Elohim. Now he is Jehovah, meaning the one who exists with his family. &gt;&gt; What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying Paul said it correct when he said in Hebrews chapter 2, for both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctified are all of one. He said, don't you see, brother Bam said, don't you see the vine and the branch together that they're all one? for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. &gt;&gt; I'm gonna preach right now. &gt;&gt; Including every mistake. He is not ashamed to call you brethren. Include including every one of your trials. He is not ashamed to call you brethren. Including every bit of your troubles. He is not ashamed to call you brethren. including everything bad in your DNA and your family history. He is not ashamed to call you brethren. You say, "Well, I'm a black sheep in my family." Let me say, there is no misfits in God's family. There is no bad apples in God's family. [Applause] He isn't ashamed. He is not ashamed. of you. You see, that's what he wanted to prove to Abraham. He was a God who restores. He was a God that makes brand new. He was the God. Hallelujah. You imagine Abraham. He's went through the worst of times. Let me tell you, if anybody can talk to you about cycles of life, Abraham can talk to you. I'd say maybe one day he's out there and he's picking up some forget me knots. Surely he's forgotten me. I've seen cycle after cycle. She loves me. She loves me not. She loves me. She loves me not. She loves me. He loves me. He loves me not. He lo She loves me. He's watched her go. He's watched Sarah go through menopause. He's watched her go through cycles. He's he Abraham has went through criticism. He has went through all of it. People making fun of him, but he ain't ashamed of you and he ain't ashamed of your testimony and he ain't ashamed of where you are. But if I could just echo into your ears just for a minute where God speaks to Abraham and says,"Abraham, I know you're going through some tough times. I know you're going through some trials right now down there in Leosa, but I want you to know I'm going to borrow your body to produce a miracle because I need somebody that will trust me through the cycles, that will trust me through the fluctuations of faith, that will trust me through criticism. I'm wanting to borrow your body &gt;&gt; to prove that I am Jehovah Gyra. &gt;&gt; Abraham has fellowshipped with him. He spoke with him. He's been used of God. God has led him here, let him there. He has a voice that speaks to him. It leads him over into this land and it leads him here. God begins to show Abraham visions and Abraham goes to the visions and he walks because God is wanting to borrow his body. But now the voice and the vision is getting ready to take on a body. the one that has spoke to him in his most delicate moment. Does anybody see me? Does anybody care? And God is about to do something of the phenomenal. I could see him as he steps out of the corridors of heaven said, "Come here, Gabriel. Come here, Michael. Today, we're going down to Abraham. Abraham's in fits. Sarah's in fits. She's going, she's hot and bothered. Lot's wife has got all the nice things. She's got everything. She's got everything that they can throw that Sodom can throw at her. They She's got it all. And Sarah's up there. She's in a bad mood. Things are out of sorts. Come on, Gabriel. Come on, Michael. Today, we're going down to the house of Abraham to encourage him. &gt;&gt; That this life has not been in vain, that you didn't go through the trials in vain, that you didn't go through the circumstances in vain. &gt;&gt; You can hear the prophet in Jehovah Gyra. To me, it makes it so real in the 1964 series. He comes in. He said, "I see him. Here comes some milk, isn't it?" And he picks up some potass and some calcium and this element. Now, I have to ask for some liberty right here because I don't have scripture on it, but I'd say he knew exactly where to pick the dust up at. He knew exactly because he wanted a body that Abraham would recognize. Now, he could have showed up. I'm going to drop a hammer right here. He could have showed up as a black man. He could have showed up as a white man. He could have showed up as a Chinese man. &gt;&gt; But Abraham still would have knew. He still would have knew that that was the same one that was leading him. Let me say hallelujah. It does not matter if this message comes from a black man or a Chinese man or a white man. God wants a body. Hallelujah. And his body will know exactly who it is. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, how can you be so definite on that, brother Andrew? &gt;&gt; Because the voice, Hallelujah, the voice had already talked to Abraham. And just a few days before Melzdc shows up in a body, he starts talking to Abraham and says, "I'll no longer call you Abram, but I'll call you Abraham. I'm going to put a part of myself on the inside." Hallelujah. I'm going to put a part of myself on the inside of your body &gt;&gt; because you as a leas leosian could have never produced a son of man. &gt;&gt; But because this mechazdc &gt;&gt; came to this body and filled you with his life. &gt;&gt; What are you saying? I'm saying the same Melzdc that met Abraham stood right here. You watch what brother Ram says about Abraham. He said, "You watch the effect of the revelation that it had on Abraham," he said when he called him Abraham. Hallelujah. He knew nobody else has called me that. Everybody else is making fun of me. Everybody else is laughing at me. Everybody's talking about my wife. Everybody's saying all kinds of things about this message. I said, "There was a cloud and there was a pillar of fire, but where's it at now?" El Abraham, where's it at? But I recognize that was a son of man that was speaking out of the seventh star. And he said, "I'll no longer call you church. I'll no longer call you Abram, but I'll call you Abraham. And when he said, "I'll call you bride," you knew. &gt;&gt; You knew this was that Melzdc. &gt;&gt; That same one. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What is he looking for about to produce a miracle? when he sees the voice. Why are y'all so adamant on preaching the message, Brother Andrew? I can take it from this scripture right here and preach a message of the hour of the rest of my life out of Genesis 18. Why are you so adamant on preaching it? Because you watch the change that this Melzdc brings. &gt;&gt; Let me say this to you. Religion offered me everything, but it never changed me. The world offered me everything, but it never changed me. Drugs offered me everything. Money has been offered to me, but it never changed anything. But as soon as this Mazdc showed up and wanted my body, hallelujah, everything changed. I'd say that Abraham looked over at Sarah and said, "It's time for our miracle, honey. It's time for a change." He showed up at the door. He's here. He's here. Elijah's God is here. What are you saying? He's not dead. He's here. He's alive. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Applause] Brother man said, "This is my ministry to declare him that he's here." What are you saying? He's here. &gt;&gt; He's here. Abraham knew him by his characteristics. He knew that that was the same voice. I never met William Brown. I never saw them three squirrels. I never saw the mountain as it as it was covered with snow and sle. I never saw that mountain clear up completely storm eradicate from it. I never saw sister Ma and the tumors leave her body. But I have seen this third pole in action. I have seen that the same one that Abraham met, I have met. It was him. It was his voice. He was speaking to a Kentucky man. Why? Because hallelujah. There was a lot of people. There was a lot of people that was in line to be Malachi 4. They wanted to fulfill it. They wanted to run. They wanted to do everything. We heard a lot about Elijah's mantels and Elisha's mantels, but there was something different about this body. And he planted it his body over there in Kentucky. And he raised him up here in Jeffersonville, Indiana. And he brought a made a man that didn't have an education, but he made him a preacher of preachers because he knew that he could borrow that man's body. He could have sat with presidents. He could have sat with governors. He could add millions and millions of dollars, but God needed a body that would humble himself that could present this body. &gt;&gt; Brother Man said, "You notice the harmony between the father and the son." John 5:19 he said that same harmony is now to be amongst the groom and his bride. That's why when brother Brandham comes in Christ the mystery of God revealed he said she is him. Some people have stumbled over those three words. They don't understand. But what does the prophet say? That in the last day that he will confound her by the prophet and the bride. That the prophet, the word and the bride will be saying the same thing. The spirit and the bride say come. They are saying the same thing. Now, if William Brandon would have showed up, I would have used different verbiage. Or if he would have tried to be somebody, it would have never got him anywhere. He said, "Now you know that I'm completely helpless without him." He said, "But when he comes near," he said, "I can take every spirit under my control." I'll just be honest with you. Every person here is carrying a spirit. But here's a man that knows where he's standing at. He said when he comes near, he said, "And there he is. He's coming out of that district right there. The angel of the Lord is moving right here. He's here. And I now take every spirit under my control." Now, was that a man or was that God borrowing a body? Let me let me just show you that this is none other than the same Melzdc. Brother Brandham said in the message trial, he said, "I challenge you to believe that Jesus Christ is revealed in the form of the son of man in human flesh through the bride's body." Again, in thy seed shall possess the gate. He said, "I challenge you to believe. Do you believe it?" He said, "Let you know that it's the same angel. I'll turn my back. Right straight behind me is a man and he's praying for a mother and a father, heart trouble, arthritis. He said they come from Arkansas and their name is Smith. I believe you. You believe with all of your heart back there, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, will you go home and receive your healing and be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. If you believe it with all your heart, then go on and receive it. Now, who was that? It was the same one that had his back turned to Abraham's tent &gt;&gt; and said, "Why is Sarah back there laughing? What's she laughing about these things for?" The prophet said, "Now the Holy Spirit, do you believe him now? If thou can't believe, I'll turn my back to the audience. I'll turn my back to the audience. Now, who is that? It can't be a man. And I'll turn my back to the audience. You pray. See, brother, you don't have to be looking at people standing here now. I I see a woman and she's praying. She is wearing glasses and she's praying for her eyes. Yes. Cuz they're getting dim. Here she is sitting right here. Right back here and glasses on. She's been healed once before in my meetings. That's right. That is right. That's true. Now, what's she praying about? All right. Now, you can go home and believe with all your heart and be made well. &gt;&gt; Who is that? &gt;&gt; So that you'll see that it's not psychology &gt;&gt; and that I'm reading your mind. I'll turn my back to you. How about up here in this section? This was dunce one in the anggeles temple. Sister brother David, you remember? You see? So that you'll see I'm talking to you. That shows that I have no contact with the people there. Surely now I know you understand. But I'm asking the grace of God to do something that the people might know. Yes, I see a young person, a young girl. She's from away from here. She isn't from this country. She's from a country that's raining and it's got a lot of trees and moss. Ah, she's from Oregon. Hallelujah. She's got epileptic fits. She's out there. Do you believe that Jesus Christ will make you well? Do you accept it for her? Stand up. Stand up, sister. Go on home. I rebuke the devil. Do you believe with all of your heart? &gt;&gt; What was it? Melazdc was vindicating himself &gt;&gt; through this body. If that isn't the same angel, I'll turn my back. The angel of the Lord is in that district right there. See if that's the same angel. There's a woman right back there behind that man. She's praying for her husband because he won't go to church. Hallelujah. You believe, sister, that he will go to church if you'll Hallelujah. If you'll just raise up. That's true. There's her hand. See, stand up, sister. So the people So the people can see you. Wasn't you praying, Lord? God has about your husband's needs. Is that the desire of your heart? Just praying for me to call you. Raise up your hands. She's overcome just at that time. She's standing there. Was those things true that was said, brother. Now, man's word won't act like that. If I was back in brother Maram's day, then I could go to him and things would be different. The same faith you got right now, &gt;&gt; the same ability you got right now, well, things would have been different. Isn't he the same yesterday, today, and forever? &gt;&gt; Didn't his word tell us that if we would come to him with the same kind of faith, then we would get the same kind of results. We don't need William Brandham in the building. All we need is this Melazedc. What is it? When the preacher gets to preaching and all of a sudden the anointing of God strikes him and takes him down through your corridor, what is it that's the bulldozer of the Holy Ghost coming down through your ten alley to minister the word of life to you? It is the word made flesh again. What does the Bible say in Isaiah 9 and6 that unto us the child is born unto us a son is given and the government shall be upon his shoulders. What is the government? It's the headship. What does brother Bam teach us? He said that government the headship has connected to the body. He said, "And his shoulders is his body that is here on earth." When you look at Revelations chapter 10 and you see Revelations 10:1, but they're in there, hallelujah, his feet as pillars of fire. &gt;&gt; He needs your feet. &gt;&gt; He needs your mouth. He needs your faith. &gt;&gt; Come on. I'm working on something here and I'm going to ask the musicians to come help me finish this p this this next portion of my sermon. They already know about this. So don't don't dismiss me right now. Don't dismiss me. I need you I need you to pay attention. Brother Random said when he came to Abraham, don't don't lose your attention just because they're moving. They're they're just a part they're ministers right now. He came to Abraham as a man under the oak tree. Now look at there. There came a man to Abraham. Three of them that sat down under the oak tree. Three of them. Notice after he talked to Abraham, why did he come? Brother Random asked this question. Why did he come? Abraham being the one with the promise and the message of the coming son and the message of the coming son and also he was God's word prophet that was trusting God's word calling anything anything contrary as though it wasn't. So the word had to come to a prophet. Why did he come? Why did he come in this hour? He didn't go down a lot, but he came to Abraham. He stayed up there with Abraham's group because a bride has got to have a relationship with mec. Now let me just do this in the best way that I know how. And the Lord laid this on my heart this evening and I I hope it comes through the way he give it to me because I had to Katie was actually in my study and I said I got to go. I hope it comes through how he painted it to me. You see, you can have the greatest abilities And you can be the greatest composer of music, but if there is nothing there to be able to sound your music through, it will never produce what is in the mind of the composer. There was a man by the name of Adolf Saxs in he was from Belgium and there you begin to see Adolf Saxs if you begin to study out his life that Adolf Saxs was he was the one of the greatest clarinetist at the time. The clarinet was created in 1700, early 1700s. But Adolf Saxs was also one of the greatest composers of music at that time. But yet he had this music in his heart that would not produce the sound that he was looking for. And so he he started crafting a body. and he wanted a certain sound with his music that had the woodwind and the brass completely family joined together. So Adolf Saxs created the saxophone and he he was looking for this certain music. He was looking for this certain sound. And even though he could produce all kinds of great music and all kinds of great things through his clarinet, but he still could never produce what he was looking for until he created the saxophone. Go ahead, sister. [Music] [Music] So he started crafting it and started molding the body to produce the sound that was on the inside of his heart. because in his mind he had this beautiful picture of the sound of music that was going to come forth and he started working on it tirelessly and he started molding it and he started crafting it. What are you saying? I'm saying that the Methodists had the sheet music, that the Lutheran had the sheet music, that the Philadelphiaians and the Pentecostals and they all had the sheet music, but they could never produce the sound that the composer was looking for. But he had a body. But he had a body that was going to bring out a sound. But in order for that body to sound it out correctly, he had to anoint a prophet in this age to be able to bring out the sheet music to bring it out in such a way that it would sound right. Go ahead, Sister Rapil. And all of a sudden, the composer starts seeing it in action. There it is. There it is. That's what I'm looking for. I can see it in William Brandom. I can see it. but he could not have it on his own. But he needed a body that could live it out. So he released the opening of the word and all of a sudden [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. The message was powerful in William Brandham. But you take this message and put it on the inside of a many member bride. That's what God is looking for. a symphony that will sound out the sheet music. Now the prophet, he says it just right. He says it just right. [Music] This is the way I want it said. I'll give you the word. I'll just transfer the word to your lips. You say it. [Music] Satan's got no problem if it's in one man. But all of a sudden, he puts it in a many member bride. Notice the harmony between the bride and the bridegroom. She knows what he wants done with the word. She performs the word in his command, in his name. She doesn't move without the word. She doesn't speak without the word. She doesn't shout without the word. She doesn't do anything without the word. This body is the accompaniment of the groom. What are you saying, brother Andrew? This is God's chosen place of worship. He finally has a body. How great thou are. This s my soul. I say your God to thee. [Music] How great thou are, how great thou are. [Music] &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful? that you had a prophet and begin to release what God had in his mind. What men had probed at, what they looked at. [Music] It ain't them people. It's a spirit. But now God's spirit is a body. [Music] A body that can work through. A body that can lift [Music] my soul, my strength to thee. [Music] How great thou are, [Music] how great thou are. Oh, the splendor of the king. Oh, glory majesty in all angels. All angels. ransom [Music] and trembles at his voice. How great, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is my God and all see how great on land and sea [Music] land and sea and open hand. [Music] Oh my time is gone. Oh, the bright are Oh, soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. My God. Oh, sing. Anybody want to sing with me? Oh, I don't see how great how great is our God fail before I for himself around You were taken from his side to reign upon the throne. Hallelujah. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great. Oh, oh, let him see it all. Come on, somebody lift your voice. Yes, he's the name of all and he's worthy. My heart is my God. Yes, he is. is [Applause] my God is worthy. Hallelujah. [Music] One more time. Let it be. Yes. He's the name of all my God is. Come on. Let all the earth and let all of heaven hear him saying there is none but my God. [Music] How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all see how great how great is our God. &gt;&gt; One more time [Music] our God. How great our God and all see how great how great. &gt;&gt; Sing with all your heart. &gt;&gt; Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and see how The angels ain't never sounded that good. &gt;&gt; How great. &gt;&gt; One more time without music. Come on. &gt;&gt; How great. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; All right, sisters. I want you to sing it to sisters. [Music] our God. And see how great, how great. &gt;&gt; Come on, brothers. Lift your voice just now. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And I will see how great, how great. Now let the body of Jesus Christ in one voice sing it. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Let all see how great. &gt;&gt; Oh, how great is our God. Let the body of Jesus Christ say I pray our God. Oh sing with me how our God and all sing. [Music] &gt;&gt; You know Satan hates this. He hates this because revelation has struck your hearts. He is a name above all names. But he's not up in heaven. He's right here. He's right here. He's right here. He's right here in this body. God has borrowed a body. I love when I love when the question answers they asked the prophet said this is very simple. See, is the body of Jesus Christ and the bride of Jesus Christ the same thing? I love the prophet's answer. Yes. Yes. Yes. The body and the bride is the same thing. This body, this body, this mortal flesh will put on immortality one of these mornings and this body shall be changed. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. &gt;&gt; I wish I was a choir director. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; I always always love watching them. I've never been to one of them orchestras, but that little dude has got some power. He's got some power. The whole place is silent and everybody's waiting on the maestro. And he walks out there and he takes his little stick and he calls the orchestra and he just taps it and they come together. I love it. When the one that wrote the word begins to operate through the body and they come into order and they start saying the same thing that Melazedc said, that Jesus Christ said, that William Brandom said, that body is now saying the same thing. I tell you, Satan don't know what to do with that. He don't know what to do with that kind of people that know who they are and know what God's called them for. I say go out there and tear up Satan's kingdom. I say tear it up. I say let God borrow your body and tear down Satan's kingdom. Cast out the devil. Walk out there and win. Come on, brother Matt. Sing it with us. Hallelujah. [Music] is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And come to see how great, how great is our God. Yes, he's the name above all name. And he is worthy of our praise. My heart will sing how great is our God. Oh, he's a name above all name. He is worthy of our praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and don't see how great is our God. &gt;&gt; We're going to let you be dismissed tonight. Ask that the choir, the adult choir would stay after service here just for a little bit. I want you to go in the name of the Lord. Let God use you. [Music] Let God use your body no matter where or what. God richly bless you. We love you in the love of the Lord. Brother Nathan, won't you come? We'll pray with you. Amen. God bless you tonight. And don't you see how great, how great is our God? How great is our God? Oh, sing will be how great is our God. And don't we see how great how great is our [Music]
