################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - "In These Moments" - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 15th, 2025 - Ron Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   "In These Moments" - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 15th, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7B9Uos7Ynw
========================================

[Music] Here [Music] we go. [Music] Data [Music] finger finger. Heat. Heat. [Music] We are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelu. Going to see the king. There'll be no crying there. We are going to see the king. Oh, there be no crying there. We are going to see the king. Be no crying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. Well, no more sorrow there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more sorrow there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no sorrow there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. And father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Oh, let it live in me. This is my prayer. Well, this is my plea. And father I see that you sand. I want to be standing on your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Oh let it live in me. This is my prayer. Oh this is my belief. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. I surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. And father, I hear it growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. Oh, from our hearts are comes an oh here our praises ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Let the worship. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worippers, let the worippers arise with my heart. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm surrendering. Oh, hallelujah. I surrender to the king and father I see a lamb arising with the book of mystery. He has opened up the seals and now the bride can see. Oh and the revelation. Oh she's from eternity. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Let the worippers arise. Do we have any worshippers in the house of the Lord today? Aren't you thankful to be worshiping a God that is alive? Hallelujah. I'm surrendering my own. Halleluah. Without music, let the worshippers Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I'll surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, let him sing to the King of Kings. Hallelujah. One more time, let's sing it with all our heart. Let the worippers hallelujah. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] Yes, I do. Lord, I surrender to the king. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Can you see? Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. She just that G I'm sorry. They just laughed at Jesus. Not she [Music] began to live again to praise the Lord. And some began to say, "Oh, he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is a light where darkness to me. [Music] There's no There's no more town. Oh, praise his name or he's in the house. like that. We were like that little girl dead in all our sins. [Music] Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. [Music] I ain't just a house of flame. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. [Music] Oh, now there is a light where darkness used to be. Now there now there is more. There's no more doubt. I'll praise his name. is in the house [Music] and I know that my redeemer lives. Oh, I know. And my redeemer he lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let his love within me cry. I know that my redeemer lives. I know. Yes. My redeemer. Oh my god. [Music] All creation testify when the smile made me cry. And I know that my redeemer lives. Oh, the very same God. Oh, that spy [Music] runs to the weary. Oh, the warm and the weak. And Never say gentle hands that hold me when I broke well. They conquer death to bring me victory. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. And my redeemer lives. [Music] Oh my go my redeemer. Hallelujah. Oh let all creation testify. Let this love within me cry my [Music] hallelujah. Why don't you take a moment and just talk to the Lord. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we welcome you in this place today, Lord. And we want you to feel welcome here, Father, on this Father's Day, Lord. We can never thank you enough, Father, for coming unto us in the form of the son of man. Lord, coming as a son of God and dying on a cross for our sins. Lord, we're eternally grateful for you and every father figure that has been in our life. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the message of the hour. how that you birthed us a new in the kingdom of God. And today we want to lift our voice. We want to lift our heart in thanksgiving and praise the God that never changes. We love you with all of our heart in Jesus name we give you this service. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. God bless you this father's day. Amen. Let's have the key of D. Hallelujah. Well, there were two coats before me, an old and a new. Well, I asked my sweet master, "Oh, what must I do?" Well, the old coat was ugly, so tattered and torn. the other a new one that had never been worn. Well, I tell you the best thing that I ever did do. Well, I took off the old co and I put on new. Well, I tell you the best thing that I ever did do. Well, I took all the old and I on the new. Yes, I tell you the best thing that I ever did do. But I took off the old coat and I move on. Well, the first man was earthly. He was made from the ground. Well, we all bore his image. your glory. Well, the next was my savior from heaven so f. Well, he bought me this new call. You now see me wear. Well, I tell you the best thing that I ever did. Well, I took off the old coat and I put on the new. Well, I tell you the best thing that I ever did do. Well, I took That's I put on a new. Now, this coat, it suits me and it keeps me so warm. Well, it's good in the winter and it's good in the storm. Well, my Savior has dressed me in a garment. So rare. Well, they bought me this new co. You now see me well. Well, I tell you the best thing. Go ahead and enjoy the Lord Jesus this morning. [Music] Yes, I tell you the best thing that I ever did. But I took off the old coat and I put on the new. Well, there's two codes before me. The old and the new. Well, I asked my sweet master. Oh, what must I do? Well, the first stone was ugly. Tattered and torn. be a new one that had me reborn. Well, I tell you the best thing that I've ever [Music] did do. Well, I took off the old coat and I put on the new. Hallelujah. How many's thankful for the baptism of the Holy Ghost? It ain't a garment you have to worry about putting on and taking off, but it's always there. How many can say you're thankful for the Holy Ghost? Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Key of Ais. I just change to get ready to take up the to go to the prayer request today. And I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Oh, praises to your name, oh Lord. For your name is great and greatly to be praised [Music] and I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord. Oh, praises to your name, oh Lord. Oh, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I give glory to your name. Hallelujah. And I give gloryy to your name, [Music] oh Lord. Oh, glory to your name, oh Lord. For your name is great and great to be praised and I give gloryy to your name. [Music] Oh, [Music] glory to your name. [Music] Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. We just want to go to the prayer request here this morning. Dear church family, please remember my coworker Angelina. She asked me to put in put her on a prayer list. Thank you, sister Anna. Want to continue to lift up brother Jeff Breeden, brother Davey, brother Jerry's uh dad there. He's very sick and needs a touch from the Lord. Also, Brother Steven Ler there in Kentucky that is dealing with some back issues. Also from Sister Adonai, please pray for my teacher, Miss Breley, that she does not get hurt on her trip. We just commit that into the Lord. Please remember David. He is very sick with possible pneumonia and Gabriel is not feeling well. Amen. Just commit that unto the Lord this morning. Church family, please keep our dad Steve in prayer as he has shoulder surgery tomorrow. Thank you, Sister Stephanie and Sister Crystal. Also want to remember all of our elderly and the ones that are shut in. U continue to lift up our pastor, Brother Ron, uh Brother Bill, and Sister Terresa Delaney. Also got a note uh be remembering sister Teresa Gooden as well has a need also sister Janetta's grandbaby uh dealing with RSV just pray the Lord move on that situation and also sister Wanda Hankle that God would move in a very special way. How many has a need today that you'd like to make known and to the to our high priest that is able to do exceedingly abundantly? I believe he sees every one of our hands. Brother Jerry Cherry, if you wouldn't mind just coming and praying over these needs today. As brother Joey prays you, you pray with him today. Let's agree together on these things that God will move on behalf of the believer's heart. God bless you. Let's all pray. Lord, we come before you, God, today, Lord, as we often do. Lord, you know, within oursel we're we're not much, Lord, but your spirit is what makes us who we are. And Lord, you see each family here, Lord, each hand, Lord, each request that was spoken, Lord, and the ones that wasn't spoken, Lord. And we just bring them to you, Lord, today, knowing, Lord, that we can't answer them, but God, we know that you can. And Lord, you know the power that you have, Lord, if we would just take a step back sometimes, Lord, and just realize the kind of God that we're serving today. Lord, we just bring each knee before you, Lord. Uh, Sister Hankle and different ones. I can't remember them all, Lord, but we know that you do. And we just pray, God, upon each one. Ask your blessing upon each one, Lord. And most of all, let your perfect will be done today. And we ask it all in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house, Lord, this morning. We want to uh again wish a very happy Father's Day to each of our fathers here and and soon to be fathers as well. We just want to say God richly bless you. We have a little something for uh the brothers today after the service. All the fathers there, we have something for you from the church. And I'm happy to have my wife's uncle and aunt here today. Uh brother John and sister. I don't claim them as my uncle and aunt. I claim Kim. I'm not not sure about John yet. No, we're very we're h very happy to have them here. I I don't know if you'd have a special today, brother John. Uh or sister Kim. Uh it'd be special. Sister Kim, would you have a special today? like saying or all right well if you wouldn't mind just coming at this time then we'll have sister Hannah Bennett and then Sister Melissa he'll come let's just sing blessed be the name of the Lord Sister Kimberly comes today amen blessed be the name of the Lord oh blessed be the name of the Lord oh blessed be the name of the Lord most high [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord. [Music] power. The righteous run into and they are safe. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Ohana. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh child, God bless you. You can be seated after you give it today. God bless you all. I don't know. I hope you know that he's here. I feel him so strong. He's so precious. And and and I hope you I hope you realize what that is. That's Jesus. And oh my goodness, I could I could run an aisle if I could right now, but I can't. Uh I don't know what key. Can Can I just start and wish y'all luck? You've heard the story of Paul and Silas, how they were bound and thrown into jail, but they didn't worry. They kept on praising. See, they were serving the God that cannot fail. And after midnight, God sent an earthquake. And those foundations began to shake. Those prison doors flew open wide. And Paul and Silas stepped outside. And he will deliver me in my time of need. Like those Hebrew children from the fire, he'll free like he fed 5,000 went to fishes and bread. And he woke the water and then he raised the dead. And he stood by Daniel in the lion's d. And he saved Moses from Pharaoh's men. He opened the eyes of the blind to see. And I know that he'll deliver free. Now it was David our God delivered when before that giant he did stand. He had no armor. He had no weapon. Oh just a stone and a sling were in his hand. And he went running to beat that army. Even at that time man that stood mighty and tall and he said I come in the name of the Lord and that giant had to fall and he will deliver me in my king like those he bru children from the fire heal free like he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread and he walked on the water and then he raised the dead and he stood by Daniel in the lion's d and he saved oh Moses from Pharaoh's men you'll find the eyes of the blind to see. Oh, I know that he'll deliver me. Now listen, it was brother Rod our God delivered. When before that old cancer he didn't stand. He had God's armor, he wore a breastplate. Oh, and the sword of the spirit was in his hand. Oh, and he went running to meet that devil. He met that stupid old cancer [Music] instant tall. And he said, "I come in the name of the Lord." and that cancer had fall. He will deliver me in my time of peace. Like those Hebrew Hebrew children from the fire heal free. Like he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread. And he walked on the water and he raised the dead and he stood by Daniel in the lion's d. And he saved Moses from Pharaoh's men. He opened the eyes of the blind to see. And I know that he'll deliver. I know that he'll deliver. I know that he'll deliver me. [Music] [Applause] That's awesome. Come, sister. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] Somewhere Somebody is praying tonight for a love who wanders away from the light. But faith reaches heaven. And God is aware. And forever it's changed in one moment [Music] of prayer. Oh, there's power in prayer. There's power to spare. And all that you ever need is waiting right there. A few words, a child's faith, then it's goodbye despair. Oh, there is power. There's so much power. There's power in prayer. [Music] An old man holds a body that's per [Music] tried, but all hope is in vain. Oh, but wait. There's somebody praying in the midst of the gloom. And all at once, the greatest physician, he steps in the room. Oh, there is power in prayer. There's power to spare and all that you'll ever need is waiting right there with a few words. A child's faith in its goodbye despair. Oh, there is power. There's so much power. There's power in prayer. Oh, there is power in prayer. There's power to spare. And all that you'd ever need is waiting right there. With a few words, a child's faith, then it's good by despair. Oh, there is power. There's so much power. There's power in prayer. Only believe. Oh, we believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things they're possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things they're possible. Lord, I believe [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God fed. He invites his chosen people to come and die. Oh, with his land he does fe and supplies our every need for to sweet us up with Jesus all the time. Oh, come and die. The master's calling coming down. Oh, you can reset Jesus table all the time. You pay the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry call now. Come and die. The disciples came to land. Thus the main Christ for the master called them to come and die. Oh, they laid down their hearts desire. Bread and fish are upon the fire. Thus he satisfies the hungry every time the master's calling coming down. Oh, you can't be sisable all the time. You be the mit to turn the water into wine. To the hungry, call him now. Come and die. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be able by his side. All the hurts of heaven will simply be. Oh, be our glorious side. All the saints wine. And with Jesus we will face eternally. Oh come and die. The master's calling. Come and die. Oh you can feast at Jesus table all the time. You fed the mit to turn the water into wine to the home they call now. Come and die. Oh, come and die. The master's calling. Come and die. Oh, you can beside Jesus table all the time. You made the multitude turn the water into wine to the hungry. Call them now. Come and die. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calling now. To the hungry calling now. To the hungry calling now. Oh come and die. [Music] [Applause] God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. If I keep saying God bless you, you'll get it. Amen. Happy Father's Day. Amen. But to be a father, happy Mother's Day. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Good to see you. Amen. Brother Joel, the wife. So good to see you guys. Just was with you guys last week and so hallelujah. Isn't that a great day? We're so glad to see each and every one of you. And uh want you just look over at your name and say, "Brother Ron loves you. I really mean it." Amen. It makes a big difference if you really mean it. A lot of people can just tongue and cheek it, but when you really mean it, it means something for you. So, you know, when you when you love someone, you go the extra mile. And so, we're just so thankful for where we're at. I don't know if you're paying attention to the news, but we're getting ready to go home. Yeah. That's that's that's just where we're at. And this is not just a little skirmish that is going on. And uh uh we are we're at a place where we've got two major nations deciding one of your going. And so I bet on Israel. I I just that's if you're choosing the other side probably we we probably need to talk. And so and so I I just that's Ishmael's children and you got to you got to pick the right one here. So and so we just believe we just believe with all of our hearts. And so this is the nation that has actually fought against Israel all these years and skirmished with them using other countries to do it. And now now these two have come together for the fight. And so we don't know where this leads us, but somewhere or another, as I was thinking about it last night, and Connie and I were speaking of it, there's 144,000 believers in Israel. And there's two prophets that are coming that's going to preach to them the message of Jesus Christ. And so there's 144,000 that are going to be there that's going to hear it. And God is responsible to them. He's responsible to them as much as he's responsible to you. You know, we think about ourselves so much and we are we're in every nation, but but let me just say, God is just as responsible to them as to as to us. Amen. And so Israel cannot get extinguished. And that's what the world's calling for again. It's in our nation. We're we're eat up with it. But listen, you can't destroy the seed of God. And so no more than you can destroy this bride. I like to say it, God's on our side. Amen. We certainly love you with all of our hearts and so so grateful to have you with us. And we want to pray for brother Andrew. Brother Andrew will be going to to San Diego next week to speak for the Spanish groups that are there. And some of them are just brand new. And so we are we are we are certainly we've met a lot of them and uh and they told brother Andrew said because he's going in some of that nonsense area and so they told him said Andrew you'll be okay you're with Mexicans. [Applause] I'm not going to get too much on politics, but we're all immigrants, too. We're from another world. And so, we're just here for a little while. And no matter what nation you're from, we're we're from another place. And so, Amen. We pray that God sends a revival there. Amen. Then, Brother Matt's going to be going to the youth camp at Ohio and he's going to be speaking the first service there. So, that's a that's a keynote speaker. And so, I I I'm praying for him as well. And and I'm going to be with you here at home. And so, we're so we're so we're Amen. So, you're going to get a double dose of me next week. Saturday and Sunday. So, Amen. So, God bless you. Would you stand? Amen. Amen. Certainly good to greet you. It just feels like you. What a wonderful atmosphere that's here this morning. And and so we're just so we're so thankful for what God is doing. Amen. Maybe maybe you just maybe lay your hand on your neighbor. And all of us have needs. I have needs. You have needs. We've got a lot of people with incredible needs. And Brother Van would do that many times. Said, "Lay your hand on your neighbor and let's pray." And so phenomenal miracles have happened in moments like these. And so you have a need, let's just talk to the Lord about it just now and ask him to come on a in a special way, especially for Dave and Jerry's father. I plan to see him this afternoon and I got a I got a mission, brother Jerry. I'm on a mission. So, Amen. I eternal, but things are at stake there. And so, Father, we love you today. [Music] There's just not words in the English language that we can say of how much that we love you. Songs have been written and powerful sermons have been preached. But I ask you today that you would touch your children as we lay hands on one another. All of us have needs. [Music] And Lord, whether it's physical, financial, spiritual, [Music] mental, whatever it is, Father, you're a God bigger than our need. And Lord, today I I we have lost loved ones that we want to see come in. I don't want to see nobody lost. That's not That's not who we are. I ask you to send your word and deal with their hearts. May the angel of God pass by their way today. Lord, I pray for brother Jeff that you would touch him. Minister, Father, in a special way this day. Bless every father that's here. Lord, we thank you for being our heavenly father. We thank you for the goodness and the kindness giving your life for us. Minister to us this day. anoint as we speak to them in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Brother Matt sung a song last night and and the and the song was in moments like these. And and that's what my title was this morning. I thought, man, what a way to end a service knowing tomorrow. Of course, he didn't know that. But I want to speak to you in these moments today and I want to use a verse. It's one verse. Numbers chapter 23 and verse 24. It's an important scripture for right now. It is the scripture that Benjamin Netanyahu used for the battle that they are in. And they read it to the whole nation. Numbers chapter 23 and verse 24. Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion, and he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood of the slain. Amen. You may be seated. In Amos chapter 3 and verse 8, and this was brother Harold Hildebrandt's favorite scripture, the lion hath roared, and who will not fear? The Lord God hath spoken, and who can but prophesy? Revelations chapter 5 and verse 5. And one of the elders saith unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof. That scripture has been fulfilled in this day. And today, you're you're the people of an open book. The scripture is not closed to you anymore, right? It's an open book to us. Now in our understanding of that, we understand very quickly that they have built colleges and the theological seminaries for for centuries and they built them trying to figure out the book. Right. That's right. What does it mean? How does it parallel? When is the rapture going to happen? What does this layout say of me? Isn't that true? Isn't that true? Many of you sit in different movements or denominations and they just probed at the book without an understanding of it. You know, if you're without understanding, you're just probing or you're given a good thought or an intellectual speech or something that will touch the second realm of your life. And and that's what the charismatic move. They they go to that second realm, that feelgood gospel. Are you with me? Everybody can feel good in a 25minut sermon. That's right. Are you with me? Are you with me? You took more time than that to get ready and go to church. And so, you know, you could tell by that statement, you're going to be here longer than 25 minutes. So, we needed a prophet. Let's just set it exactly where it is. We couldn't have a rapture without a prophet. That's right. We needed Malachi 45 and 6 to to come to life. And the reason you're sitting here is that you are also in those scriptures. Behold, I send you That's right. Elijah the prophet. And we come under a new administration because we're not catching the personality of William Brandham. That's right. Come on. That's not what we're after. We're not falling in love with the man or worshiping the man. He was the representative of Jesus Christ to this generation. That's right. And sure, it was evangelistical. And sure, there was in the first pull and the second pull was to grasp the people. But the third pull is where the denomination said, "He's off. He's went off. He's went off." But I want you to understand, that's where he caught the brideg. That's right. Probably the nomination system had more more miracles and more healings and right they had phenomenal things take place. Had tremendous speakers, but they couldn't open the book. That's right. You can't get rapture ready unless the book is open. Are you with me? Thousands of preachers will go this morning and and go, "What is this all about in Iraq and Iran and what's going on with Israel?" I'll tell you, they're getting ready. They're getting ready. The tribulation period is right here. But there's a bride that's got to go home. And so when we realize that you've got most of your denominations preaching preerttrib or post-trib, they don't know when it's coming, right? They figure it's going to be seven years of tribulation and we're going to go through that and we've got to survive that. But God sent you a prophet. That's right. that told you that he would not send his bride through that. Listen, that's that alone is enough to dance. There's been moments in the scriptures that were pivotal moments. Paul on his road to Damascus is a man that has a a zeal. He is sitting within the council. He's sitting at the feet of Gale. He has trained He's trained to be to be a man that is to get rid of these insurrectionist Jesus people. Because the book is closed to it. Right. Amen. I I want to pull this together. The book is closed. He can't understand who Jesus was. That's right. Who John the Baptist was. He can't understand the the word as it would be open for him. And so here he is and he's held the coat for Stephen. Caused many to their death and separating families. He thinks he's doing the right thing. Amen. But in a moment, a moment can change your life. A moment can change your life. In a moment, a pillar of fire takes him off of his horse. And he begins to realize this is a supernatural moment. That's right. Now, it's what you do in the moment, how you react in the moment. Preach. And he begins to speak to this. Amen. Who art thou Lord? And he says, I am Jesus. Now, he can identify the pillar of fire cuz he's wellstudied. But he cannot identify Jesus is the pillar of fire. Now, if you were close to this taking place, Paul was the only one that caught it. And I'm saying this for you. Paul is the only one that caught it. What about the men that were with him? That's right. What about the men that were in alliance with Paul that didn't get it? What does that have to do? How about the people that are with you? I'm talking about the dayto-day people that are with you. You was in the moment. It changed your life. It was important enough to you that it changed you forever. Forever. [Applause] Brother Charles, as you stand there, go ahead and stand there. Brother, is it Amos or Charles? Well, buddy, stand back up. I'll get all your names straight in 10 years. I'm not going to have that much time. Well, listen. You wasn't looking for this. You wasn't looking for this. But somehow in a moment, and here's a man that's now in charge and responsible for 15 children. You think God's doing small business here? Let's Let's just think about it for a moment. God's getting his last seat. Could you stand just a moment? No, no, no. Right behind you. Yeah. Sisters, here's a lady that had a dream. She related to Sister Connie yesterday or day before. Dreamed that these guys would be here. I'm not going to tell you the whole dream. When Connie read that to me yesterday, I said, "Connie, that's a supernatural dream." She said, "As I look and see these Amish people here, they were in the dream identified with the real bride believers." And she says, "I'm watching it happen. Won't you all stand? All of the Amish, please stand. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. You can take your seats, sister Kirsten. Doesn't that do your world your heart a world of good? We're in a moment. We're in a moment, brother Stephen. We were in a moment the other day. A moment. Now, these are just more than just moments, but these are life-changing moments. Now, now, now just think about it. Even the believers sometimes can understand what's going on. Even they will sit in skepticism. Right. Come on. When God directly, brother Timothy speaks to Ananas and says go and speak with Paul. That's right. Even he questions God. That's right. This is the man that has put our believers to death. He basically says, "God, you you know what you're doing. Is this a Trojan horse?" Let me just add some words. Is this a Trojan horse? Are we allowing our enemy to infiltrate us? That's right. That's right. I Let me just say this to you, but when you met Paul, he wasn't the same Paul. That's right. Listen, if you ever meet God, and I'm talking about truly having a personal experience with God, you're never the same. [Applause] It's like today there's a lot of people that are male and can produce seed. But there's a na major difference between being a male and being a father. I don't think I have to say too much there. There's a major difference between being a male that can produce seed than being a father. John would bring the church under a new administration. And under this Holy Ghost administration, God would take them from the book of Acts and take them all the way through the New Testament. He would train them how to dress. He train them how to marry. He would train them how to act in church. He would train them throughout the scriptures and begin to tell them about the deity of Jesus Christ, the citizenship of the kingdom of God. And I I know I'm only tipping the iceberg here because we're talking about 14 books of the Bible and explain how that God who filled our time, space, and eternity came down through the prophets. That's right. Amen. to which even in the Old Testament, many of them wasn't even recognized in their day. Everybody can look back and see a prophet. But to see him in your day, are you with me now, Brother Ron? I don't know what you're talking about. William Brandham spoke just about a mile away. Amen. I preach funerals there. But listen, they didn't catch it. They didn't catch it. But your father, your grandfather, went to that meeting and something was planted, something was planted inside of that that seed was there before the foundation of the world. They didn't catch it. There's still seed here. John would say it in the book of Revelation chapter 1. Now he's in the aisle of Patmas, one of the worst prisons that you could be in in that day. But remember, Brother Brown talks about two worlds at the same time. two worlds at the same time. He said, "Now I'm standing in two worlds." And I think that's sometimes what happens here. We stand in two worlds. We come out of our Walmart world or our work world and we come in here and God just elevates us. People have told us there's just something different in this place. That something different is him. No doubt there was incredibly hardened prisoners right there that that he was bumping shoulders with. And here John was getting the the climax book of the Bible. Right? Are you with me? Right. Just read that first first chapter. And he says, "And I fell at his feet as dead." What an atmosphere that he had came into. And from that atmosphere, now he begins to write to the church ages. And he begins to write the seals. And some of it's going to be open and some of it's going to be closed. Are you catching where I'm going now? Amen. So here we come with a prophet and he begins to speak these kind of sermons. God hid and revealed in simplicity and then he begins to preach sermons like this recognizing your day and its message. In that sermon he will begin to talk about they write papers and they write magazines. Fast and pray fast and pray. fast and prayed looking for that that great revival. And he said they're missing the vi the visitation. Amen. It was already among them. It was already on display and they were missing it. I want to bring it up a little bit further. The last revival is among the world. And many are still looking for it and missing it. Revelations chapter 10, the mighty angel comes down. I want you to understand, brother Brandham had read a lot of books. Even with his education, he had read an incredible amount of books. You can read it through the message. This book he read, this book he read, this book he read. He was quite a reader. And so, you know, just read hissups to Babylons, you can you can understand that he was quite a reader. And so, and so by intellect, brother Brandham could have never opened the book. Right. That's right. He could have never opened the book. But it makes a great big difference. And I'm sorry if I'm taking time here, but it makes a great big difference when the writer of the book is with you. And open it to you. Can you can you put up Acts 2:38? I want to just do something real simple here. Now listen, you don't need a revelation for this scripture. All you have to do How many people can read? Amen. Yeah, that's really good. You can do that. I want you to read this with me. And then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. You can read it you and your eyes are open. You go, "Well, that's just the truth. That's just the truth. Try to explain that to a trinitarian. Try to explain that to a trinitarian that believes in and they really don't really know what they believe. Try to explain that to them. You got to be baptized. You got to be rebaptized in that name. That's right. To be his wife. You got to take on his name because the book is closed. It's closed. And they'll go back to their teachings of hundreds of years ago and go back to the nice sin council of 3:25 when they closed the book. Men with their traditions closed the book. But a prophet came and made it real clear. Amen. To be his wife, you got to take on his name. I don't know how to make it any more simple than that. I just don't know how to make it. Let's Let's go to another junction in Luke 1 and verse 37. And there's a girl Now, you know, some people say, "Well, that's just you." That's just a testimony of one person. So, I want to give you the testimony of one person and how important the testimony of this one person is. Why are you doing that? Well, I don't know. Some of you have to answer the question. Do you mean to tell me that you really believe the story that an angel met brother Brandham in a cave? I I sure do. I I sure do. Because I'll tell you, if you look at his whole ministry, the angel was with him. And let's just go a little bit further. He's with us. Now, we don't want to repeat brother Brandham. None of us preachers are are brother Brandham or or gifted like brother Brham. Are you with me now? But we believe that an angel met him in the cave. All right, let's do this. She's a teenage girl and now he's gave her the salutation of what's going to happen. It's read every Christmas. And she responds and then and then the angel responds to her, for with God nothing shall be impossible. And Mary said, "Now the response must come." Paul had to respond. Peter had to respond. You have to respond. That's right. Come on, buddy. One thing for it to be preached to you, but now you got to respond. That's why your amens are important. And Mary said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord bid it unto me according to thy word." And the angel departed from her. Now the testimony begins. Now notice what happens. She goes to her cousin and her husband, her cousin is carrying a dead body, a dead baby. And so this dead baby's in her womb and there's been no movement. And she tells the testimony of meeting an angel. And when she says his name, Jesus, that baby comes to life. Are you with me? Listen. When you give your testimony, whether they believe it or not, that doesn't matter. Your testimony is life. It's life. And it may not do them any good, but you feel the response of the life that is on the inside of you. You're different. So when we come to this, do you truly re realize, and I'm talking about truly realize, we're not just another church. We're not just another church. We're not just here to fill pews, build a building. We're not just here to build a ministry. We are the final voice. Amen. To the final age. Jesus said, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works." So, you're in the darkest of age, but God predestinated you. That's right. Come on. Listen, those guys are not coming back to live. God's counting on you. Come on. That's right. Every generation has got to have a personal experience and a revival for themsel. It's good for William and Gabrielle to have it, but these children has to have their own personal experience. That's right. You've got the cloud pin pinned on your jacket, but the one that's more than that pin wants to live in your life. That's right. Brother Chris, you've got the table where the squirrels were eat on. But the one that created squirrels, boy, this is so awesome. So awesome. Wants more than a table. I want you to think how much different we are than Catholics. We were Catholics, we'd have that table here enshrined in a glass case. Come on. Are you with me? They pick out a rock and enshrine it. They pick out a place where some great saint was and enshrine it. God wants your life. He wants your life. He wants your heart. He wants to live inside of you. Yes, that's right. Lord, you know, when I first Let me just give you personal thoughts here. When I first I was raised in this message, did that make it easy for me? No. It made it harder for you, you know, cuz I was raised in it. Sat on a bench. I I was there. How many times somebody drugged me to the altar? I didn't get nothing. I just tried to please them. I walked to the altar. Listen, I could quote with the tape recorder. My brother could quote with it what brother Brandham was going to say. That didn't give me life. I knew how to dress. That didn't give me life. I knew how to conduct myself. That didn't give me life. But when I met the author, come on. When I had my personal moment, my moment, brother Ron, I said in this pew that I need more. You need more than that. I'm glad you're here, but you need more than that. I want to challenge you. Shake yourself. [Applause] When you get a call, hey, are you seeing what I'm seeing? I don't know. What are you seeing, Homer? Homer just walked in our room. Garland just arrived. Your loved ones, Sister Pat, how happy you'll be. But you're on the other line and you go, I am not experiencing anything like that. It's too late. I've actually had people tell me when Los Angeles drops beneath the ocean, I'll get sincere. Listen, when the ark door closed, it was too late. Listen, while there's still mercy, Brother Ron, but you guys are constantly after us. I'm after your soul. Listen, we'll walk down streets of gold and we'll rejoice and we'll be young, but to get there, we got to do the right thing here. I don't care what kind of excuse you got. There's nothing here in this world we're staying for. [Applause] Nothing. Look at your neighbor. Say, "Nothing here." Two years ago, maybe three years ago, I spoke a sermon called Anointed for Rapture. Is that two or three years ago? Is everything okay? I when these boys get to laughing, I go. Brother Vernon, I'll just be honest with you. Sometimes when they go to laughing, I think, is my pants zipped. I'm back on track now. Listen, we're human beings here. We're not gods for you to worship. We're human beings. Definitely don't worship me. Connie will give you the reasons why not to pray for her. She's not feeling well today. I spoke a sermon and feeling directly to speak to speak on anointed for rapture and showing the difference through all the ages they were anointed for different purposes. But this age, climax of this age, the climax of this message is not to create another denomination. But but the the completion of this message is a body change. And so I spoke that sermon anointed for rapture. And when I stepped back in the back, it had been 12 years since I had killed a rack buck. And so and so anyway, it may be a little bit longer, 3 years. So anyway, I was sitting in the back and and I said, "Boys, tomorrow I'm going to kill a buck and it's it's going to be about this wide and it's going to be about this tall." And I I said, "Tomorrow I'm going to do this." Well, that was unusual for me to do that, for me to say anything like that, cuz I'd have been saying that all along. I went this big. And so we went hunting the next day. And so Andrew calls me about four o'clock and he said, "Have you seen anything today?" And I said, "No, I haven't seen anything today." I said, "I I've just been sitting up here. It's been a good day. Had a wonderful day. I've just been sitting here watching squirrels." And he makes this statement. He said, "Get ready, Dad." And he says, "Get ready, Dad." And I'm hunting a long way away from him. And he says, "Get ready, Dad." hung up the phone and here comes this buck. You can't make these things up. Oh, brother, that's just a story. Really? And he steps out and he comes walking across and I shoot him. For all those animal lovers, I'm sorry. And I shoot him and he takes a couple steps down and he stumbles. I just had got cancer. So it was Yeah. 2020. And so and so anyway, he stumbles down over the heel. Well, they tell me they quickly I I call Andrew and I said, "I got him." He said, "I just asked you." He said, "Have you seen anything?" And you've already got him. And I said, "You told me be ready. [Applause] Why are you dropping this in the sermon?" I have told you be ready. Be ready. I was in a phase that I shouldn't went down over that mountain, but I did. And then I climbed back up. I don't know why I climbed back up, but I climbed back up and then I went back down and then I climbed back up. Now, when the boys got there, they h they hooked a rope to me and pulled me back out of there. Brother Gabriel had a plaque put up over top of that deer anointed for rapture because we felt it was important spot as a bride. We have been had we have had important spots. And you know what they would do in important spots in the in uh in the scriptures? They would create an altar. Amen. They'd create an altar because we met God. In your home, we talk about Father's Day. In your home, your home should be a place to where God visits. Are you with me? More than just at church, in your home. You should book in your day with prayer. and reading your Bible. That's right. Morning and night. Are you with me now? Amen. So the bride around the world and and we have visitors come here. You guys are here. John and the and the roof saying, "Did you bringing knives?" And so and so anyway, personal. It's personal. And so anyway, we have visitors come here from all over the world. In a couple of weeks, we got visitors coming here from Germany and from Poland, same weekend. You will find they have the same spirit. They have the same spirit. Now, their culture may be a little bit different, but it's the same spirit of Christ. Are you with me? the same spirit of Christ that is not only here in this community but it's in their church whether it's 10 people or a thousand people now I'm not talking about people that just go to church I'm talking about real believers you remember you just moments ago I used there's a difference between a a a male and a father. I want to say there's a real difference between a church member That's right. and the bride of Jesus Christ. Can I just preach a little bit longer? Come on, brother said, could you imagine a little mouse uh that that had been there in the garners of Egypt saying, "I just better eat two grains a day cuz I might run out." You say, "Well, that's nonsense." They had 10,000 rats that size, they'd never run out. If it was a fish, I better just be real, real careful. I better not drink too much water or I'll run out out here in the ocean. Amen. And I want to just take that just a moment and say, listen, don't let this message become common to you. Oh, I've read that before. Read it again. I've heard that before. Listen again in the same quote that you're common with. You'll find something different that will enlighten you today. I didn't catch that before. How you know that, brother Ron? every speaker that we have. Okay, this is my pull pit that God gave me to preach. But I'm not jealous. Amen. I want the best of the best to preach behind this pull pit. I want these guys to speak their hearts behind this pull pit. And we'll invite somebody to come in and preach and and they'll come and preach. And and you know throughout the spring there was a theme that almost happened. Forgiveness and mercy that was almost a theme throughout the and you know I was preaching the same thing that those people was preaching the week before and I had preached it you know throughout my ministry and some of you would walk up say I never saw it like that before. Amen. It's kind of like mashed potatoes. And all of a sudden you go, "That's the best that you ever fixed." And you go, "I preached them like that for 20 years. I spoke the breach since I was a kid and you're just now getting to it. I've talked about mercy. Brother William told me something that thrilled my heart and and I used it with him this morning. Said, "Okay, say it." And I told Brother William, Brother William told me something. He said after about a year or two here, he said, "Brother Ron, I came here and I had to come here to figure out grace." Hey, it was laying in the message all that time. It was laying right there all the time. But the author of the book says, "Okay, you're ready for it. You're ready for it. Now, let me give it to you. I had a minister sitting at a table with me one time was an older guy. He's sitting at the table with me. He said, "Well, I get bored with the message." And I thought, "You don't know the same message I do." Don't never get bored with coming to church. Never get bored with this cuz he's here. Amen. When he's in the room, you guys sung it last night. When he's in the room, I just want to stay here. Moments. Moments. Brother Brandham has a prayer. I can't imagine being in this moment right here. Now, he's praying. Notice what he says. He said, he says, "I want you to repeat this prayer. You pray and I'll repeat it. You pray it and I'll just transfer the words that it takes to defeat Satan right to your lips." And then you believe your confession. And now you that's sick, repeat this with me. You do not know how many times I've read this quote to myself. Almighty God, creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, giver of all good gifts. And you can just hear the audience. And your servant confess my sins. And I believe that through the merits of the son, thy son Jesus, I am forgiven of my sins. I am sick in my body. I need your help. Give me faith just now to believe your word and to believe these things which I have seen tonight that reproduces your life again. As it was yesterday and so it is today and now, Lord, upon this confession, I accept my healing. And I believe that this night, this night, henceforth, I shall be well. I commit myself to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Brother Ron, that was brother Brandham on a tape. That was a tape of recording. Okay. Okay. There was a brother in brother Bisco's church that couldn't keep a job. He couldn't he just couldn't keep a job. He was going from one job to another and he was starving to death. Been in the painting business. And he comes in all desperate and he's just I try I'm going to try to tell the story like it's told. Andrew, you can help me. But anyway, he comes in, he changes his shirt into a white shirt, and he sits down at a straight back chair and reaches over and turns the tape recorder on. And when he turns it on, Brother Brandham says, "You in that that chair with the white shirt on and prays for him specifically his need." Well, how do you know that worked? Listen, within days, he had the best job and I think he just retired from that. Best job he ever had in his life because it produced what it said it would do. Let me just tell you, if you're in the balance of does this message work, look how far you've come. Hallelujah. I don't know if you know this yet, but I told your story last week in Ohio. You heard me tell their story. You probably didn't know who I was talking about, but I told your story. And I told something in your story when I was talking about you uh a few weeks ago here and I talked about you in a fight. There was some things said there and uh maybe even three that he whipped. Well, he had he never told his father that that happened. And so now his father's a song leader and he walks up to me last night and he says, "Brother Ron," he said, "when you was telling that story, Shannon," he said, "Dylan said, I never told you that." Well, you see, the author of the book knew it. Amen. And wanted to remind you personally, I got you. I got you. So you're a young Christian and God just reminds you, "Hey, I got you." So in Friday night, I go out and I'm shaking some hands as I'm on my way to the truck. There was a man named Dallas. He's a grandfather. And the grandmother, they walk up to me and said, "My grandson's hopefully coming tomorrow night and he's probably going to watch this service because he watches them." And so I think he's 38, 39 years old. And he says, he said, he's not a Christian by any stretch of the imagination, but he really needs God. And he's been listening to your sermons. He really needs God. He's going to bring his girlfriend, and they're all tatted up. And I'm just praying that they will meet Christ while he's here on Saturday night. Well, I preached the service on Saturday night. And those kids are sitting right where you are sitting in the service. And so we have a prayer line. I preach and we have a prayer line. Listen, I can't do none of this. Let me let me just I can't do none of this. But we serve a mighty God. And so at the end of the prayer line, the Lord just speaks to me. Go speak to them. Well, we're taught by the prophet, don't go to them. They'll come to you. But the author is telling me, "Go speak to them." He's a big boy. His wife's got blue hair. But you don't have to worry about blue hair. That'll fix itself. Don't worry about tattoos. Listen to Brother Tim's service on Sunday. Just raise them tattooed hands up before the Lord and praise him. And so I pray with him, pray with both of them together. They're both crying and weeping. And he reaches down to me and he said, "Brother Ron, on the way to this meeting, I prayed. Let me see a sign. Let him come to me. moment. Moment. Can I tell one more story? Then we're going to have communion. I'd been burned and was in a fire. You know that. And Brother Biscllow would call Connie. Matthew was in one hospital. I was in the other. And brother Biscll would call her and say, "Sister Connie, where's where are you at now?" She said, "I'm in between hospitals. I went ran to see Matthew in the hospital and I'm on my way to see Ron and he said, "The Lord woke me up this morning talking to you about a moment. The Lord woke me up this morning." Had to be in the middle of the night and and instructed me to tell you, "Brother Ron will be the speaker at next year's camp." They had bought Bible way camp. Now the Lord, the author of this book is telling Ed Bisll that the speaker next year will be Ron Spencer. Now I I want to just catch you up for some of you who've never known this story. I was my lungs were burnt. I would fly in a I would fly in a flight to Philadelphia with the man that put me in a coma. And he said, "I'll tell you, Ron," these were his words. "I'll tell you, Ron, I never expected you to live." He said, "Your lungs were crisp." You would know something about that. They were burned. Lungs are like a sock. And they were crisp and they had nothing but soot in your lungs. No way for you to breathe on your own. He said, "I put you in that coma." He said, "I watched your story. I watched it all along." He said, "You're a miracle." On the day that they told Connie that I wouldn't live, God prepared her for that moment by calling her with a message preacher and telling her he'll be the speaker at next year's camp. Oh, that's just another story. Brother Ron, do you understand how impossible? You understand anything about medical science? How impossible it was for me to live, much less recover to the spot that I would become a preacher again. Right. Listen, I struggle for six months to walk up steps. I struggle for six months to catch enough air to preach right here. Preach camp meetings. Impossible. But the author said The author said, "Yesterday, Whitney for Father's Day gave me a picture of Isaac walking across the yard with his finger up in the air with the Disney shirt on. And that is the picture of the vision that I had three years before he was born. How, brother Ron? The author. I want to talk to you. The author that knows what's going on in your life. Why are you telling this? This is the moment for you to catch it. This is you're dealing with different things in your life in this moment. Go, be it unto me. Be it unto me according to thy word. Don't let me just be out in space somewhere another. But I want to catch this. I want to catch this. You got loved ones you want to see come home. Catch this. You're not from this country. I see you're from overseas. Jamaica. It is. Your name is Brady. Tom Brady. It's not for you. It's for your wife. That's right. We don't even have to hear the story. We can listen to the tape. Now listen, this message is more than about a caribou and a silver tip grizzly bear and squirrels. It's about you. God is producing a bride. Bone of his bone, life of his life with his life living inside of you. And there is a moment terra when it comes to life. And when that happens, you'll live the rest of your life because of that moment. I know this is simple today. It's what he laid on my heart, but this is what these young people need. Amen. As a matter of fact, some of you have amnesia and you forgot. This is more than how long the service is going to be. Sometimes we measure services by how long the preacher is. You've got the wrong idea here. Got the wrong idea. In every service, I look for the point. Say, God, you're speaking to me. And I want to catch it. I want to catch it. Could we stand to our feet? Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. The deacons will prepare for the Lord's supper. We want everybody that will take it today because we're a body of believers. Amen. Mother Ron, you don't want just so and so to take it. I want I want everybody. Listen, when it comes to going to heaven, I want everybody to go. I I don't have any odd against anybody. I want everybody to go. Well, brother, I've got things against you. Okay, get over it. Life's too important for that. Just move on. Move on. Move on. Amen. Amen. Andrew. Andrew, I'm going to ask you to I'm going ask you to read the text for me if you would. My My eyes are too blurry. Amen. Do that for me. Amen. Amen. It's 1 Corinthians 11 verse 23. Amen. Thank you. I apologize for not being able to see. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." And after the same manner also, he took the cup. When he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it. in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye may come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Amen. Amen. Could we just bow our heads today and ask the Lord to just touch our lives? If there's anything that you need to ask the Lord to forgive you of, right, here's a spot. Just say, "Father, cleanse my heart. Cleanse my mind. Cleanse my thoughts. Andrew, would you pray for us? Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we come before your presence, Lord, today. And Lord, we want to rightly discern your body, Lord Jesus. Lord, we want to examine oursel, Father, today here in the presence of Jehovah. We just ask, Lord, that your mercies that are new every day would be new to us. Lord, we come before you in this very sacred moment, Lord. And we desire, Lord Jesus, God, to be made more like you in this moment, Lord, as we get ready to partake of these elements, Father, we ask that you would forgive us of our sins. Forgive us of our mistakes, Lord Jesus. Lord, we do this as an ordinance under thy word, Father. Oh God, we ask, God, that you would just come. We realize that we are in a very sacred and special moment in time. And we just invite you, Lord, to our lives here to this church. Lord, give us a a deeper consecration, Father, a deeper sincerity, Lord, a a a commitment in our hearts, Lord, to serve you like never before. Lord, we give you this day in Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And won't you explain how this works? Amen. And you that are new with us, uh, if you wouldn't just, the brothers will really just make it real simple. The brothers will give you some instruction. Uh, the first row if you wouldn't just mind just stand still and the brothers will bring it to you directly and then uh, the deacons will give orders to everybody and then just hold your uh, communion, hold the bread and the wine till the very end and we'll all partake of it together um, as the brothers are prepared there. We are a moment. You are forever. Lord of the ages. God before time. We are a vapor. [Music] everlasting reigning on high. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praisees, honor, and glory be unto your name. Be unto your name. Oh, we are the broken and you are the healer. Oh Jesus redeemer, almighty to save. You are the love song that we'll sing forever. Bowing before you blessing your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praise is honor and glory. Be unto your name. unto your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb that was slain. High is praises honor and glory be unto your name. [Music] be unto your name. Oh liy of the valley. Oh let your sweet roma feel my life. Oh day stars shine down on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. Oh Lord, I want to be your witness. And you can take what's wrong and make it right. [Music] Make it right. I pray you shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow. We open up the door. Oh, let your word speak to me. Oh, show me what I've never seen before. Oh Lord, I want to be your witness. And you can take what's wrong and make it right. Make it right. I pray day stars shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Lord, I've seen a world that's dying, a wounded by the master of sea. Oh, groping in the darkness. Oh, haunted by the years of past defeat. the way I see you standing near me, Lord, shining with compassion in your eyes. I pray this. I pray Jesus shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Oh lead me Lord I'll follow. We open up the door. Oh, let your words speak to me. Oh, show me what I've never seen before. [Music] And Lord, I want to be your witness. [Music] And you can take what's wrong. Make it right. Make it right. So I pray Jesus shine down on me and let your love shine through me any night flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh, as I live. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. [Music] Your name flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. That's hard as honest. So let the Holy Spirit flow through us. Oh flow through me. Holy Spirit flows through me [Music] as I lift my hands in worship and to magnify [Music] the name. Holy Spirit [Music] will create in me a clean heart. [Music] Oh God. [Music] and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, create me. [Music] Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me away [Music] from my presence. Oh, and take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. Every new arise spirit within me will create in me a clean heart. Oh God and you arise spirit within me create me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew your right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from my presence, oh Lord. and take not thy holy spirit from me [Music] and restore unto me. Enjoy your thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. And Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. [Music] Pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. [Music] Oh, we thank you. I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary [Music] for you. Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, [Music] pure and holy, [Music] oh tried and true. [Music] Oh, if you thank me, I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for You, [Music] oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. [Music] Oh, pure and holy. [Music] Oh, tried and true. Thank you. [Music] I'll be living [Music] sanctuary [Music] for you. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Oh, we lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. [Music] He had his last supper with his disciples. One of these days we'll have our last supper here before we go to the marriage supper of the lamb. And for those that are new among us, let me just take a moment. What you have just received is unleavened bread. God wants a wife with no sin in her. And unleavened bread is a type of the body of Jesus Christ. We needed a lamb. Not just one of the prophets, but we needed a lamb that had no sin where Satan could not accuse him of anything. Even Even Pilate would say, "I find no fault inside of him. The wine that you have with you, it's not grape juice. We're not a denomination. Grape juice rots. It'll rot. Wine will get better with age. It is a type of the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. And that that blood transforms our life. Take the blood out of any of us and we're going to die. And so wine will get better. It's like the Holy Ghost. It'll get better with age. It'll be a spiritual growth in your life. We do this together because we're a body of believers. We're Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. We do this not on a certain day to where that we around the world do it. We do it as a portion of the bride of Jesus Christ. Not just these four walls, but we're a portion of all of the nations. We pray for the body of Jesus Christ. And by doing this, we perform the scriptures that he told us to do this until he comes. We we will not wash feet today, but there will come a time to where we wash feet one with another as a representation of what he does. So today, I want you to understand it's a pivotal important thing. If you're sick standing there, you can be healed while you take communion. You have needs in your body. Won't you just ask him to touch your body today? And maybe there's needs that you've got. He's here. He's here to meet our needs today. Let's just thank him for it. Lord, we thank you that we can stand here as a body of believers. I ask you, Father, that you would bless the elements. They're about we're about to receive now. We ask you to bless this audience and I bring them as their pastor before you. And I present them as trophies of Christ. I pray that you would touch their bodies. I have a need in my body, Lord. My wife does. Sister Terresa Derlandi needs it. Brother Bill. Lord, the many of us, Sister Teresa Gooden, Lord, Sister Wanda that has just went through operation, Lord, we need you to touch us. We need a healer in the house and you're here, Lord. And I just ask you today as we take this together, may you bless them in Jesus Christ's name. The unleavened bread, take and eat. the fruit of the vine. Take and drink. Won't you just thank him? Thank him just now. Father, on Father's Day, I feel this sacred moment. Lord, no, we're not looking over at you physically today, but we can look at one another and see Christ. Lord, I I thought this morning early with the world conditions of what is happening. Everything is in line. I mean, kings are in line. President's in line. Pope's in line. Israel's doing what she's doing. She's fighting for her existence. And you're with her. the bride around the world is Lord, you have I've seen you. I've watched it my whole life. I see where we're standing as a mature bride. Lord, help us. Forgive us where we've been wrong. Yes. Forgive us. But we take this today and we just ask you, Father, that you would bless this audience. Bless us, Father. We're not a perfect people, but we believe a perfect word. And I ask you to bless them today. And Lord, we pray one for another. We're family. Lord, may I pray that you would touch each one of them this evening in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Let's sing that song. Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound. I love you with all my heart. I love you with all my heart. Let's sing a verse in chorus and then you can be dismissed. Sing great [Music] that sh [Music] like me. I once was lost, but now I was blind, but now let's sing his first verse together. Oh, it was grace that taught [Music] my heart to [Music] grace my fears really. How grace just in the grace of the hour I first believe. Let's sing it again one more time this morning. of me. Grace, how sweet the sound that save life. I once was lost, but now I was blind. [Music] I think they have some for the fathers back there. And Amen. You stop and get it. God bless you today. We love you with all of our hearts. Amen. Happy Father's Day. God bless you. [Music]
