################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-28 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 7272025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-28
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 7/27/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vQmteq9Ucs
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 7/27/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] and Someday only thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal you land sweet land. You the lamb. I'm longing for you. And someday on me I'll stand where my hope will be eternal land sweet land. at all. Can we sing that one more time? You lamb I'm longing for you. And someday [Applause] on thee I'll stand where my hope shall be eternal. the land. Sweep the land. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh my saints. I'm longing for that land. Amen. Praise the Lord. So thankful that we have a promise. We have a promise that far exceeds anything that we have here, anything we've ever experienced, been a part of. Anything that we know in this world, we have a promise. Amen. That there is a land waiting for us. Praise the Lord Jesus. That beautiful, sweet land, that ma land. Amen. No death, no sorrow, no sickness, no pain. Amen. Just beautiful, serene, perfect peace. Amen. Oh, what it'll be. No one getting old. No more graves to dig. No more hospitals. No more sirens to hear. No more still births. Amen. Just beautiful. Perfect. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. What a place the Lord has gone to prepare for us. Amen. And we're looking for that land. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord today. Greach in the name of the Lord. If you're streaming, God bless you. Let's stand to our feet if we could and we'll just open our service in prayer today. Trust the Lord be with us once again. Amen. Precious Lord Jesus. So very thankful father again of another beautiful day that you've given us Lord giving us strength and health and bless blessing in our lives Lord watching over us keeping us helping us in in every way Lord along this life's journey. Thank you, Father, for this day, Lord, and for this time to come in from out of the world. Fellowship around your precious, holy, revealed word of the hour. Thank you, Lord, for those that have come. Bless those who may be streaming. Help those who may not have been able to make it for whatever reason. God, may you just keep your hand upon them. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hind, or infiltrate this service in any way that you, Lord Jesus, get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done today. Lord, forgive all of our sins and iniquities. Watch over our precious brothers and sisters around the world. Keep your hand upon those that are sick and needy. We just commit ourselves to you in this service and your hands. In the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Now, I want to go over to psalm number 27 373. Amen. Sing this. We'll have it on the screen. Amen. and the great emancipator. Praise the Lord. Thank God he set us free. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's sing it now. Once my heart and soul were fed, [Music] my the binding chains of sea [Music] bought the great imator set me free to worship [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. For he the great imman. That's the song of the redeemed. And like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me. He led me to my father's home. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's the great immensipation. [Music] That's the song of the redee. Let's sing this verse now. Now I'm in this Holy Ghost. It has loosed and set me free. Now my duty as a Christian is to set the captives free. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name for he's the great immanator. [Music] That's the song of the redeemer. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank God he is loosed and set us free. That great emancipator. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise his holy name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Psalm number 435 now. Amen. If you're following along at home, have a book. We're going to 4:35. We'll have it on the screen for those that are here. Amen. 435. Thy loving kindness, Amen. is better than life. Praise the Lord. Amen. Blessing. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Bless will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. Thy loving kindness, it's better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy one more time now. Yes. Thy loving kindness, it's better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, isn't it just wonderful just to worship the Lord Jesus? Amen. Just to glorify and magnify his name. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. So wonderful. Amen. Thank you, Lord. What a wonderful time it is when we get to come in to this place. Amen. Worship the Lord. Hallelujah. So glorious. So wonderful. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer now. Amen. Songs number 76. This little chorus we'll sing as we get our hearts right. Ready for the uh time of prayer. Amen. Shut in with God. Praise the Lord. Shut in with God. Hallelujah. Let's sing it. &gt;&gt; Shut with God in a secret place. There in the spirit, beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, how I love to be shut in with God. Yes, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit, beholding his face, gaining you power to run in this race. Oh, how I love to be shut in with God. Hallelujah. Yes. Shut in with God in that secret place. there in the spirit beholding his face and gaining new power to run in this race. How I love to be shut in with God. One more time now with all our hearts. jud with God in a secret place. There in the spirit, beholding his face and gaining you power to run in the race. How I love to be shut in with God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Nothing like that time. Amen. That you get to spend with the Lord Jesus. Amen. Worship, fellowship, prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I love being with my family. I love spending time with my family. I love church, family, natural, spiritual. Amen. There's nothing like the time that I'm able to get a home alone with my wife. Amen. That's a different time. It's a special time. Amen. I love being with all the precious saints, but you know, just that time to be alone with the Lord, Amen. means so much. It's so precious. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. We have a couple prayer requests to mention today. Uh, brother Dennis uh had a fall down some of his stairs at home. Never been to his home. U dealing with knee problem and feet problem and uh I didn't how far he fell but some stairs. Uh they have a couple stairs go up at their house. uh he fell down the stairs and hurt his back. So, in addition to having the issues with his knee and uh his back uh his his feet now uh now he's hurt his back. He's wrenched it and um he's definitely is in pain and needs our prayer. He also asked us to continue to keep uh Leah in prayer, his wife. She is doing better and progressing day by day, but uh she does have some times of pain and depression. So, please remember her in prayer if you would. Also, I got a text from brother Danny. He said he was not able to sleep last night. Uh, so please remember him in prayer as well. Amen. Art got a text from Sharia. Art Shri aren't feeling good today. Art still dealing with his back problems and needs touch from the Lord. Shariah's having problems. She said her trigger finger. Then she said something about her middle finger. So, I'm not sure which finger it is, but she's having a hard time with that. and uh um um with her back. I believe it was her back as well. So, please remember them in prayer if you will. The Lord would just touch them and help them. I don't know what it is with the finger. She says she's just getting it. It's cramping or something and she's not able to bend it or something like that. So, uh please remember her in prayer if you would. Also, want to remember those who are here today. of course on and Steve and Pats and of course sister Karen in the mountains and sister Julie please remember them all in prayer as well. Please remember of course we know um the Via family sister Lydia passed away the other day. So please remember Ralph uh of course taking it very hard. Uh, I commend Brother Ralph when we were there and from what I've heard was very positive about Sister Lydia and told everybody he believed she was going to make it through. The Lord was going to touch her and she was going to live. Amen. I believe the Lord touched her, but it was her time to go. Amen. So, um, it just comes a time now where we let go and trust the Lord and know and believe that she is in the place that we're all striving to get to. &gt;&gt; Amen. As much as I love life and I enjoy my family and my life, uh, I'm living this life for him to get to him. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, that's that's what life is all about. And Sister Lydia's race has been run and it's over. So, uh, please remember the family in prayer and brother Ralph especially and Tim there at home, Jennifer and Nate. Please remember them all. And of course, their extended family. Sister Lydia, as we know, was very, very much a family person. Um, she always had prayer requests for her family, her extended family. Uh, so please remember them in prayer. They're going to miss Sister Lydia tremendously. Uh, of course I know. So, please remember them in prayer. I know uh that Sister Lydia was ready to go. She told me and Sonia when we were there uh that she was ready to go whenever the Lord decided to take her. So, So I know she was ready, but please remember them in prayer if you would. I had do not have any um announcement or arrangement she had. It was just a couple days ago. Uh sister, but Jennifer, sister Jennifer did tell me uh that her mother wanted me to officiate and she wanted to have it at the tabernac at Tucson Tabernacle. Uh I plan on trying to contact Brother Dan tomorrow, get a hold of him to make sure that that's a viable option. I'm sure it is. Uh I I can imagine that they would not want us to have it there. So uh please remember them uh that situation so that uh get all the arrangements together. As soon as anything is known, we'll make sure and let everybody else know uh so you can make your arrangements. She also uh informed me that they're going to cremate Sister Lydia. So, uh, as far as a memorial celebration service, uh, it's not necessarily as urgent that it be done quickly, uh, because of the cremation. So, uh, I'm not sure where it's going to be or when it's going to be. So, uh, but we will let you know as soon as we find out. Also got, uh, a bit of news when I was looking on Facebook, uh, yesterday. Um, I got a feed or something that I looked on and, uh, found out that a precious brother back in North Carolina passed away too. Uh I I think it was also the same day uh as sister Lydia, brother Mike orders. He was the long long long time song leader uh of brother uh Henry Green, Dan Daisley, and Joe Green. He went through three pastors at the same church being the song leader for that church for all those years. Uh it was either brother Joel Joe uh or brother null is brother null's was brother null and Shirley's song leader for a long time too as brother null and surely started going to church here at the Bible tabernacle he was their song leader uh he had some heart issues he had to retire uh and I I can't remember it's brother Joe brother null either one or maybe both told me that brother Mike was having some heart problems he had heart surgery and things like that a year or two ago uh but now the Lord has took him home so Uh he is one brother. He is one person uh that I absolutely know beyond the shadow of a doubt fulfilled the purpose that God put him on this planet for. He was a born song leader. I would I would so love to have the type of song leader that brother Mike orders was. Uh he he was a precious and and and and and beside that he was a tremendous precious brother. Uh he was a big fella. He was he was uh kind of tall. I don't know 6'3 4ish something like that. Big and kind of big in statue. Not fat really but just big uh big guy. Uh he was electrician. But please remember that family in prayer and the church Bible tabernacle. Joe Green pastor brother null goes there. They're going to miss brother Mike very very much. So, uh, he he was a a very precious brother and I just wanted to mention if you would please uphold him in prayer that family and church as well, I would appreciate it. So, Lord Rich and Bishop, that's what I've got here. Anyone else have a a a prayer request? I I forgot to write it down because it just came to me when the request started. Uh just a friend of mine, Dylan, he just graduated from law school in May and he's taking the bar this week. Um Tuesday, Wednesday to I think it's two 10 hour days. They're all over 500 testines and one it's this big big big ordeal he's been for. So he's brilliant. I have no doubts, but just he's nervous and doesn't quite know what to expect because those tests are copywritten. So they can't present the exact with us. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. As well today, stand to our feet if we could ask. as far as father God first of all for bringing us here today blessings that given us strength health food on the table over our heads things that we take for granted that we see people on street going to be the next moment or where their next bit of food or water is going to come from Lord Jesus we thank you so much for all of that Lord God &gt;&gt; amen for being with us and our families &gt;&gt; thank you people who did well with a dentist who tumble with his body already and pain in certain areas and helping his wife Jesus know Satan's trying to go after him in the name of Lord Jesus Christend God and those of us that are church there's a part of us that have gone be with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The other prayer requests that are unknown and not spoken. Lord Jesus, my friend Dylan taking the bar this week, Tuesday and Wednesday, be with him. Lord God, we ourselves in these requests, lay them on your feet, knowing Lord that you've heard them and that you're going to address them and take care of them as your will would have. We thank you, ask you be with us, knowing their ears to hear, and our hearts to receive. We commit everything in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Notice not the first time that Sister She said where Sister Lydia used to sit. Amen. That kind of was special for me when I saw you go and sat there. Nobody's hardly really ever sat there since she uh since she did. That was her spot. So, amen. Praise the Lord. Mike has got us on. He wants to sing for us today. So, amen. Praise the Lord. Be with him. God bless you. Uh, this song was actually daddy had it on his list last week that didn't get around to it, but it's one of my favorites to sing. Um, and then me too, you just sing it. Uh, I guess it's kind of um dedicated to Sister Lady, but it's more of our mindset. Um, feel free to sing along at on Open. [Music] My heart can see when I pause to remember. [Music] A heartache here is a standing song. Oh, along goes trail. Let's find it all upward. This troubled world is not my final home. Not until then my heart will go on singing [Music] until then with joy I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold that city until the Your call me the things. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Will they lose their value? &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; They're just sorrow for a while. [Music] They cause to tremble there will only be a smile but my heart will know I see but with joy I'll carry Behold until the day my eyes behold that see until the day. God knows me. Now this we world with all its flaws and struggle may take its full of misery. [Music] The soul of man is the way we release for the sky. Until then my heart will go see [Music] I until the day my eyes behold that city unto the God holds me until this weary world with all its trily. [Music] The soul of man is like a rain [Music] for the sky to my heart [Music] to joy. Oh, I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold that city until the day. God [Music] see [Music] until I [Music] be all that [Music] until the king. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. What a wonderful song. I did have it last week. It's got I'm kind of late with the time, so I left it off, but I'm glad Micah sang it today. And I thought about leaving off this other song I had on here for today. But after he sang that, we're going to sing this one anyway. Amen. Not in a hurry today. Praise the Lord. Don't like to keep too long, but number 604. Psalm number 604. and we'll try to sing this and we'll dedicate this to sister. Amen. I'll see you in the rapture. Help me sing it. I probably need some help. [Music] If we never [Music] praise the Lord. If we never meet again on this earth, my precious friend and to God you have been true and we lift above all sin. Then for us there'll be a meeting. There's going to be a greeting. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Oh yes, I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you at the meeting in the air. There with our blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. [Music] To my loved ones, let me say that there's sure to come a day when the Lord will come again. And his waiting bride away. So get ready now to meet him when go and greet him. I'll see you in the rapture. Such a sweet day. Oh yes. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at the meeting in the air. [Music] There is our blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture. Some sweet days at last verse again. To my loved ones, let me say that there is surely come a day when the Lord will come again and catch us waiting right away. So get ready now to meet him with this message. Go and read him. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Oh yes. I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you at the meeting in the air. There with our blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture. Such sweet name. One more time. Oh yes. I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the air. [Music] There with our blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you at the rapture. touch. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. What another promise we have, saints. Amen. Praise the Lord. What another promise we'll have. Our loved one has gone on. It's just for a short time. Praise the Lord. Just for a short period. Amen. We'll reunite with them again very soon. Hallelujah. And I believe that time is very, very soon. Praise the Lord Jesus. We'll meet our precious loved ones in the air with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. God bless you. Let's all if we could now and we'll just turn the scripture here now. Amen. Like to thank everyone for your prayers. Amen. Thankful to be able to have made it through this past week. It was a pretty tough one. I'll admit um it was quite hot. It was 100 degrees two different days in the mid to upper every day but Friday and the humidity was was pretty tough. So, um every one of us had a hard time with it. So, I know that u uh I I know that in my heart I'm looking back and I know there's a group of people praying for me. I don't know how these other guys hang on. Um I I probably drunk an elephant's weight of fluids this week uh just to try and stay hydrated best I could. I think I did pretty good because I didn't cramp too bad. So, but I know I know I know I have a group of people back praying for me and holding me up and that means so much to me. Amen. To continue to keep pressing there were times it got uh quite difficult. So um so I do appreciate your prayers and your prayers for the whole team not just me but uh I appreciate it very much. So thank you thank the Lord to be here today. Amen. Turn our Bibles now to Romans chapter 8. Amen. We're going to start adoption part 22, position in Christ, part six. Amen. We're almost done with this section here. Amen. We're pretty close really, I think, to being done. But, uh, adoption 22, position in Christ, part six. But as we do, we'll start in Romans chapter 8, where we start. Amen. And we'll probably start the every other portion of this. Amen. So before we read the word, we just bow our heads for another word of prayer. Lord Jesus, Father, what it is in our hearts, God, when we sing songs like that. Amen. The one that Mike sang and all the songs of Zion that we sing, Lord, but these precious songs and Lord, when we know there's things, Lord, that we've loved and have meant so much to us, God, that we see go on to their reward. how much it means to us in our hearts, Lord, to realize these promises that we have, God, that it's just a short pass. It's just a short time, Lord, that we'll all be together again, Lord. Father, I I know this song is probably uh maybe a little sensationalized with seeing each other in the rapture. Lord, it is the epitome of that song that we will be together again one day. That means the most to me, Lord. God, that we will be together. We will be with our loved ones. We will see our loved ones again, Lord. And we'll be in that perfect, beautiful place of rest and peace that you've prepared for us that you promise to go and prepare for us, Lord. And God, how we look forward to that time. But Lord, again, while we're here on this earth, may we continue to be about our father's business. continue to press this battle, continue to preach this word, continue to come to church and get and put our shoulders to the wheel, Lord, and just continue to press this battle, Father. For God, we know that even if we don't have that much longer, and I don't believe we do, Father, we want to give every moment that we have, God, to you, Lord, in all that we can, Father, for your glory and honor. May you bless this service today, God. Bless these that have come, Lord, those may be watching. Lord, just bless. May your Holy Spirit move in this place in a special, supernatural, powerful way, God, to sweep through here and bring all the great blessings to us, God, that we enjoy, Father, from your Holy Spirit. Lord, may we believe, Lord, know that this world will not return void. Accomplish it in us today, God, that you sent it for, God. We thank you for all that you do for us, God. And give you thank, praise, honor, and glory, Lord. Bless the remaining part of this service. Anoint our lips, Lord, to speak this word, all of our ears to hear, to receive that that you'd have for us. We commit it to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Romans 8, chapter chapter 8, verse 14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but we have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, aba, father. The spirit itself beareth witness with spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then hes of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. last I believe last uh last week we left with with Revelations chapter 10. I believe that's where we left off going through Revelation chapter 5 realizing Jesus the only one who was able to prevail to take a book out of the right hand of him who God sitting on the throne had that book in his hand. John weeping because the the book was closed and the book was closed and there was nobody he looked around that was found worthy to touch the book to open the seals or even look on the book. From the midst of the four 24 elders, a voice came forth and said, "Weep not, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah, Jesus Christ, had prevailed to take the book and to loose the seals thereof." And there brought forth the book of redemption. There brought forth revelation, the shining forth, the opening of that book of redemption to reveal in that book every name and the redemptive plan of God to that was to be brought forth in his decreed season and time that God would would uh uh take under his wing and to brood and to bring us forth so that we one day will go beyond this mortal reach. Amen. Make heaven our earthly our our heavenly home. Amen. And we went over to Revelation 10 because in Revelation 5, we saw the book him that took the book. Now we see the one that took the book in Revelation 10. And he has the book in his hand and he has the book that's open. Amen. Now, uh, a lot of people uh have semantics about seals uh of of the seven seals. And I've had a lot of people ask me how you feel about the seals and do you feel the seals are open? And uh to me I I have I always ask if someone brings that uh question to me I said well are you asking me are they revealed? Are you asking me are they broken? Are you asking me are they open? Are you asking me how they've been preached? Because to me each one of those points has a different time. Amen. Uh I do believe that the that that the seals were open because the Bible says that they are. Amen. The lamb prevailed and come forth to l loose the seals and to open the seals thereof. Amen. Uh at those seals revealed. Well, that's an individual thing. Uh, I believe that each seal, as we said last week, came down by an angel to the prophet to give him that seal for that night to preach the revelation of that seal. Does brother did brother Brandham, I believe, have a revelation of that seal? Absolutely. I believe he does. He did. But he did not no more know the second seal on the first seal night than he did anything else. Amen. It was the next day that the next seal came and was revealed to him and was shown to him and he went out into the public and preached it. Now, do you ask me, has the seals been preached? Yes, they have. Has the revelation of the seals been preached? Yes, I believe they have. But a revelation is an individual thing to everybody. Has that seal have those seals been revealed to you? Amen. There's a lot of people in the world whom those seals have not been revealed to. There's probably people in this world who have read the preaching and the revelation of the seals and don't still yet have a revelation of the seals. Amen. Because you can read I mean how many people have read the Bible? How many people through history how many people in the world today have read this Bible cover to cover and still don't have a revelation of it? Millions. billions. I don't know that but still don't have a revelation of it. There's a lot of people's read. So to me, now the other thing is have the seals broke? Well, it depends on the which seal you're talking about. Amen. Because to me, when a seal breaks forth, it means that that seal is actually manifesting itself on the earth at that time. And if you ask me if the six seal is broke, I believe it's been opened. I believe it's been preached. We know it's the tribulation. But has it broke forth on the on the earth? No. The six still hasn't. H is it starting to creep in? Yeah, I I would say it is because I believe that we're in a a pre-tribulation, if you will, period of this world just uh losing itself and coming to the place of of Armageddon. Uh I do believe it's got to that place. But has the but has it been broke or unleashed? No. &gt;&gt; Because the bride's still here. Tribulation won't completely unfold, break forth on this planet until the bride is gone. Then the tribulation sets in. That's the sixth seal. Amen. So I it it just comes to a place of people get things all scrupled up to me to uh uh to bring something in them. When you start putting stuff out of misplace, I remember brother Green uh he took several several services because it was so much confusion that people had about the first coming, the second coming, the third coming. and brother Brandon uh brother Green spent uh a great deal of time and several services and many quotes and stuff uh showing to the to the tabernacle at the time uh the things that unfolding of of of these comingings and and when they were to be and how they were to fall in line and uh and uh I got I got a lot of appreciation with brother Green over that and and uh agreed with him in it. A lot of people don't uh but a lot of people like to go over into the intellectual side of it to try to bring something that maybe isn't quite here yet. And then because you got if you put stuff out of place like that, then you got certain people and I know certain people that believe the rapture has already taken place and that we're here and that this is this is what's going on. Amen. You have people say, "Well, it's going to be uh it's going to be on a certain day at a certain time in a certain place." And of course, that prediction goes by. And then they predict another day, and then they predict another day, and they prophesy another day, and they prophesy another day, and as these days continue to roll on, they're found to be false prophets all along the line. So, where does it get you? Just take it as it is brought. Amen. We don't try to make anything out of it that that it isn't. Amen. And and it's e it's probably easy to do if you let the devil take you off on that tangent. But to me, it's so easy just to stay grounded, just to say just stay just to stay solidified in what brother Brandon brought us. Amen. And what God has got for us here now. Amen. And that's what I want to get to because we talked about cuz I want to go back over to Revelation 10. And we talked about so much about brother Brandham and and what he went through and of course the sword coming in his hand and takes a strong hand of faith to take the sword to the enemy and uh I I personally believe that was brother Brandham's adoption time in there when the seals come forth and the sword hit his head and all those things that was happening. That that was that that's my opinion. I could be completely wrong on that and it doesn't mean anything, but that's just my opinion. But now a and Jesus being adopted and the names coming forth, but there's there's there's that place again that that I want to place us at like before. Um it it needs to do us as much good as as to us as as it is when we read about brother Jesus or or the things we go through and bring. But see, all those things are brought along so that it helps us understand where our position is and where we're at and what's going on now and what our part is that we are to play in that position. But so let's go back and read Revelation 10 again. I want to start with the first verse. Revelation 10. And start with the first verse. We didn't read all the way through to what I want to read today and that was on purpose because I wanted to save that for today. I did not want to get into that part last week. I wish everybody was here last week was here this week. But anyway, it's like I said, when you you have a series like this, you have some multiple parts and uh I I try to make each message self-contained. So, if a person just hears that one message, uh it's a it's a message within itself. Uh but it's kind of hard when you're trying to tie everything together. Uh sometimes part 22 all the way back to part three or something. It it's kind of difficult to do that. So um I I I hope it I I hope it is received and and comes across to people like that. But anyway, so I want to go back to chapter 10 verse one. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. We established understand that's Jesus. Amen. He had in his right in his hand not his right hand but he had in his hand a little book open. Now that book the book of life the lamb's book of life open in his hand. It was closed in Revelation 5. Here it's open. Um the little book was open. He set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot upon the earth. Remember uh I heard a lot of revelations if you will, a lot of ministering uh over that. A lot of which I have to be completely honest I don't agree with uh a lot of it because I because I have found that people have taken this out of context and then it throws to me everything else uh beyond even now and beyond out of out of cater the scripture and brother Adam's quote uh I've had people try to bring this to me. I'm like, "Well, brother, what do you do with this quote? And what do you do with this?" And see, cuz it's like we talked about last week with Matthew 28 and and Acts 3 uh and baptism. How do you reconcile the two? You know, if you go off on a tangent and you and you just completely fall in the line of baptism and follow, son, the Holy Ghost, then what does that where does that leave Peter? Where does that leave all the people that were there that were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ? Were they wrong? There's got to be a reconciling of those things. You You can't have one out here and change it and just say, "Well, you know, I I'm just going to take what Jesus said. Uh and forget about what Peter said. I just take what Jesus said." But Peter said what Jesus said. He just spoke it in revelation that the name of the father, son, holy ghost is the lord Jesus Christ. He just spoke it that way. See, so he just brought the revelations. So you got to do the same thing as people come and try to minister uh what I would consider I I say this very humbly but what I would consider tangents because you if you take this along those lines you can't reconcile so many other scriptures even and quotes they just don't dovetail. But if you bring it back into the context and realize if you place it uh if you place that puzzle piece at the base of the tree instead of the top of the tree, the picture looks clearer. It makes more sense because it looks like a clear picture. Amen. And that's the only way I can do it. I'm just I'm just dumb enough that I I don't have the intellect to follow the intellectual thought that a lot of people have on these things because it just doesn't make sense. It doesn't work. If I look at it, it's got that quote has got to dovetail with that quote. It's got to do dubtail with that quote. It's got to dubtail with that quote. &gt;&gt; It has to. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. This scripture's got to do with this scripture. It's got to dubtail. It has to. If there's anything wrong, if it the picture doesn't look right, you've got to go just take your puzzle and just tear it all apart and start all over again. Just put your bottom left corner and then start and do your just start over cuz you got all somewhere because there's nothing wrong with the message. There's nothing wrong with this Bible. Nothing. So if it's not fitting somewhere, the problem is with you, with me. See, it's got to fit. But I got scripture. See, from what I said, what I talked about, the complete conquering, he's got the book in his hand, the book is open, and he puts one foot on land and one foot on sea to me is a complete conquering of the enemy. Amen. That that's when Yes. Calvary finished the work, but the completeness of that work is continuing to unfold. You know that as well as I do. Because you battle the same Satan today as I battle. You say, "Why do you battle Satan when Jesus said it is finished at the cross?" Because we live in victory. We live in the promised land like they did in Joshua. When Joshua divided out the land, they lived in their position. They lived in their place. But they still had battles. They still fought. They still had to live their lives. All of that was a part of their life. And our victory, our Canaan land is the Holy Ghost. And Jesus said, "It is finished." But we still had to be born again. &gt;&gt; And even after we were born again, we still take out that sword and we fight every single step that we take, do we not? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We fight the devil every step of the way. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's that that that's a part of the life that we live. We still have to fight that battle. Jesus said, "It is finished." But here he comes down with the book open and he's conquering every bit of the enemy by putting one foot on land and one foot on sea. Every bit of it. It's claiming it's his. Praise the Lord. We're still living in Satan's Eden, but it doesn't belong to him anymore. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Belongs to Christ. It belongs to us. I have scripture to try to back that up. Look at this. I I don't just arbitrarily try to make stuff up. I try to make sure that when I feel like the Lord's given me something that there's scripture to go with it. &gt;&gt; There's scripture to back that up. Now look at this. Revelation 13. He puts one foot on land, one foot on sea. Correct? with the book open in his hand. One foot on land, one foot on sea. He's got all the names. He's got all the redemption in his hand. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you're in his hands? &gt;&gt; Praise God. In his hand, he puts one foot on land, one foot on sea. Complete conquering. So, what does that put you in his hand? Conquering over every bit of the enemy. Look, Revelation 13. And I saw upon the sand of the sea, the sand of the sea. I stood upon the sand of the sea. And I saw a beast rise up from where? Out of the sea. Praise the Lord. Where was one foot Jesus put? On the sea. In Revelation 13, a beast comes out of the sea. Praise the Lord. having seven has 10 horns upon his heads uh his horns 10 crowns upon his head the name of blasphemy. Now let's go over to verse 11 chapter 13 11 and I beheld another beast. Amen. Which we know is the image to the beast in this is United States. Amen. Coming forth and saw another beast coming out of the earth. What did he put feet on? He put one foot on land, earth and one foot on the sea. Where did the two beast the beast of the beast come from? Come out of sea and land. Complete conquering. Jesus completely conquered every enemy. Every bit of defeat, every bit of of Satan's WS, his minions, his demons, every of it has been defeated. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; he put one foot on land and one foot on sea. Praise the Lord. Satan trying to conquer. Jesus conquered every bit of what Satan did. One foot on land, one foot on sea. The scripture doesn't lie. Now, let's continue because we're going to find that spot for us. One foot on he said one it said his right foot upon the sea, his left foot upon the earth and cried with a loud voice. We're back to Revelation 10 now. Revelation 10:3. And cried with a loud voice as when a lion roared. And when he had died, seven thunders uttered their voices. Now look what the thunders are. People want to make a whole another thing about thunders. &gt;&gt; I I like the thing that brother Green told about the thunders too and the doctrine that was made out of that and the the the camera lens and all that stuff. I don't remember if all of you were there, but when the way he described it, talked about it and how this about uh this whole doctrine about thunders. But look, it's very to me it's very simple. Uh he cried, "Seven thunders, uttered their voices. And when the thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. I heard a voice uh from heaven, saying unto me, seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." What did brother Brandham say? He said they were contended in the seals. Praise the Lord. That's why they had to be sealed up because it was not time for them to be brought forth. The book was open in Jesus' hand. Amen. She said, "The seals are open." Yeah, they were open. Jesus opened them. Amen. But when did they come forth? When did he bring them? When were they preached? When was it revealed? When was when are they to be broken? See, it's completely different thing to me. Amen. The angel which I saw upon the sea and upon his and and brother said, "Those seal those thunders were contained in those seals." Praise the Lord. Not not some great thing, mystery, something. No, it was just um a part of what brother Brandon had already brought us as the voice because the voice the voice of God thundering is just his voice. It is the voice of God going forth. When the voice of God goes forth, there's there's context to it. Amen. There's words there should be. When we speak as humans, there's context to our voice. There's a reason why we speak. If someone is synenographer or someone was there, they could take down every word that you spoke. Put commas and punctuation all words supposed to go and your words would be uh preserved in a book or or or in some kind of script. Well, when Jesus spoke thunder, it always did in the Bible. You go to Mount Si. When Moses went up in all the children of Israel there, he said uh God spoke and and all it did was thunder. Most of what everybody all they heard was thunder because the voice of God was just a thunder. This is this the same through the entire scripture. No great revelation to that. I mean we should that should be for us. Amen. Now Christian world I don't know but we should know that simplicity. The voice of God is a thunder. It thundered out. Amen. When they had uttered, see, seven thunders uttered had uttered the voice I was about to write. He said, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, right?" Told Daniel the same thing as Daniel began to get a revelation of that. And the angel which I saw stand upon the in the uh sand uh sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven and swear by him that liveth forever and ever who created heaven and the things that are there therein are and earth and the things that therein are and the sea and the things which are therein that there should be time no longer delay of of no delay. Amen. It was time to bring forth. Praise the Lord. and God did in our day. But in the voice of the uh the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. Now, a lot of people think brother Brandham sounded when his ministry started. Uh no doubt brother Brandham was inspired of God. He was a prophet from his mother's womb and was inspired of God to preach what he preached as he came up and as he spoke and God gave him voice. But brother Brandham himself said there are several there was things I don't remember if he you I'm trying to not say something he or say something he didn't say. He may not have said several but there was things he preached that the Lord corrected on him later. Amen. He says that himself and we know that's a fact about the seals. And and in fact at the time of the when the seals were actually open he said brother Brown said I was about to preach it wrong again. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; He says that himself. So when we look at this seventh angel's voice beginning to sound. Amen. To me that's that's speaking more not to discount anything he preached. Amen. Back in his early ministry, every bit of it is food to be stored, food to be eaten, food to be had. Absolutely. But when that voice began to sound, I believe was the time of his adoption. That's my personal opinion of brother Brandham's adoption. That voice began to sound and the mysteries of God were were unfolding and finishing at that time was when he was when God gave that voice. Amen. When so many of those things has happened. Why did brother man send it to to Arizona? Or why did God send brother to Arizona? These things had to happen. These things had to take place. uh the angels and the sword and uh the dove cove and all these things had to happen. The seals had to be open. God had but brother Brandon went back because he promised he would go back and anything like this and preach at the brand of tabernacle which he did. Amen. But all these things this sounding of this voice began to come forth. Amen. to solidify or the mystery of God being finished. Praise the Lord. Now, what does that mean to us? That means that those things that was previously hid are now revealed, now opened, now manifested for us to be partakers of, become a part of us, revealed to us as bride, as members of his body, as people whose names are in that hill. Is he standing there on one foot on land and one foot on sea? Amen. To us becomes a part to us. Amen. Brother Graham said how many times it wasn't for him it was for the people. How many times brother said that? &gt;&gt; Yes. Several I don't I don't know how many. Several times he said it's not for me. It's for you. He was a part of the body of course but he was the instrument that God was using. Jesus would say the same thing. Jesus didn't go to the cross for himself. He went there for you. He went there for us. Amen. It was for him. This gift. Praise the Lord. I I mean any any gift, any position, it's not for us. It's for him. Is for us. It's for you. Amen. Th this this ministry, this is not for me. This is not for me. If this was for me, I'd still be in bed right now. Amen. Because I was very tired this morning. It's not for me. is for you. &gt;&gt; It's for him. All that we do, I mean, we do all that we do for the glory of the Lord. Everything, all of it. Praise the Lord. When this mystery begin to sound, all that when this voice begin to sound, excuse me, the mystery of God was to be finished as he declared to his servants the prophets. Praise the Lord, this mystery unfolding. Now, I I didn't I I didn't take completely in the way that brother Green would talk about this, but I do believe that of course there are prophets over there to finish for them, for the for the Jews. And as we've talked many times, that anointing going over there, we can read Revelation 11. We can see exactly what God is doing for his people over there. We know what's going on now, what's going to happen, but it's not going to fully come to light until this bride's gone. So what it means to us is the prophets that God gave to us are now finished. The the voices, the the mysteries. Amen. It's finished. It's been finished. Praise the Lord. We're looking for something else, friend. We're not I mean I I've said how many times have I said I have no new message. &gt;&gt; I have nothing new to bring you. I'm not looking for another prophet. I'm not looking for the Lord shows us some things in the scripture and things nuances that maybe we had not seen before uh or or brought in a different light or something like that to bring some encouragement of that. There's nothing new. Amen. There's nothing new. This message the message has gone forth. The message have been revealed. What we need what we need we have. What we needed to make a rapture God has given us. what we've needed to live in this life of victorious life and to go in rapture God's given us. It's been unfolded. We know that that mystery has been revealed. We know what what we know in whom we serve. The God serve the word that we that we that we have now. Now, so what does that bring it to our part? What does that do for us? A verse. and and the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is open, and the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea, upon the earth, and I went unto the angel, and said unto him, give me the little book." And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up." Praise the Lord. Now, John's a representative of us. We're just we're just the people here that are the partakers of what God is doing. John is the representative of that. He's just standing there watching this. He's seeing this unfold. He's recording it. He's put putting it down so that we can know what was going on at that time. Amen. As God revealed it and showed it to him. How how many things did brother How many things did God show brother Brown that didn't happen that very second? People so many times think that because they've read it, it happened right there. That's not entirely true. Sometimes God shows things that are years away, &gt;&gt; right? And these things sometimes these things are are in here what we see are are still down the road. Most of it I believe has happened or is happening. Some of these things are still for down the road. But for right now, what do we have? Us as John is that representative sitting there watching, we are part of that. And what he's telling us is he said, "Give me the little book." He took the book. He said, "Take it." God is saying, "Take it and eat it up." Praise the Lord. And it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. Praise the Lord. Which it is. Amen. We take this this word into us and saying, "Oh, how precious it is. Look at that. See how God's revealed this. See what God's doing. See what God has showed to us and how we're supposed to live and how we're supposed to do." And we walk out that door and the devil slaps us in the face. It becomes bitter in the belly because now you got to live it, &gt;&gt; right? It's not just letters on a page anymore. Amen. It becomes you got to live it. And it's a hard and sometimes it's a hard life. It can be a bitter life. Amen. To live. It's not easy being a true Christian and living the life of a true Christian today. It's not easy in this world. You know that as much as I do. It's not easy in this world. It becomes bitter in the belly. Oh, it's sweet. You look at it say, "Praise the Lord. That's wonderful." Yes. Glory to God. Yeah. But then you go and live it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Becomes bitter. But see, that's our part. We are supposed to eat the book. We are supposed to consume the word. Let that word become us. Amen. So that it's no more me. It's Christ in me. It's the word in me. It's the word leading me. It's the word showing me and directing me. It's Christ. It's God. It's the word. Everything about it is the uttering of that voice because those words are simply God's voice. Praise the Lord. And those words that he spoke are life. They're life to us and we are to partake of them. Amen. We are to ingest them spiritually. Don't mean you throw some ketchup on this Bible and tear page by page. Spiritually, you ingest it. Amen. you let that word come into you and become a part of you. So yeah, when you go out here, it's not bitter if you don't live it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's only bitter if you actually live this word the way in the context of this word. It's only bitter if you follow this scripture. That's when it becomes bitter because it's hard out in Satan's eating. It's not going to be easy for a Holy Ghost fililled Christian to live in Satan's eating, right? It's because the two are so diametrically opposed to each other. They're not they don't even have any similarities &gt;&gt; and the majority is in the world. There's just a few that God has that's going to live this word that's going to be this word. That part of who we are that that word's becoming in us is that word is is living through us. And that portion that God has given us to fulfill in this life, in this world, that portion, that position that God has us fulfilling, that place is is like I said earlier, um I I had a great admiration for that brother I talked about back east, Mike orders that just passed away. Great because I just you could look at the brother and know he was a God called ordained song leader if there ever was one. And I haven't seen very many. I've seen a lot of song leaders or people attempt to lead songs kind of like myself that they're really not song leaders, but this brother was really a song leader. Amen. Finding your position. What brother? What what did the word say? What did brother Brandham say? You'd be blessed in your position. You you stay in your position, you'll be blessed. That's when God blesses us. It's when we're in our position. When we're in our placement where God's placed us, that's when God really blesses us. Amen. That's when we see the blessings flow and we see that word. See, that's our part. Now, 10th verse, he said, "And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up, and it was in my mouth sweet as honey, and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter." And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." Amen. Was to be our uh that's to be our position, our placement. Amen. Our portion. That's how we live that word. That's how we become that word. Now, I want to go over, we got a little bit more time. I want to go over to Genesis. and get into another portion if we can. Genesis chapter 17. Now we all know and have said we realize uh and of course going back to the other we can also go back with what we said several times uh when Jesus said if you say amen. God said here he him. Jesus said you speak. Praise the Lord. How do you speak? You speak because you've ingested the word. You become the word. When you speak, the word comes out of you. Praise the Lord. You say, you say. Now, re uh Genesis chapter 17, we realize understand we've said uh how we know Ephesians parallels Joshua. Now, I want to talk about that for a little bit today. We'll probably roll over into next week, but let's look at this to start as Joshua uh Ephesians parallels Joshua, the two as they come together in the placement. how Joshua placed the people, how Ephesians places the people, because remember we talked about even just a few minutes ago how they had their promised land, their actual physical stand on promised land. Amen. Then we have our promised land. Their promised land was Canaan. Our promised land is the Holy Ghost. Amen. when they got into their homeland, they struggled and they fought and they they won battles and they lived their lives. And when we got born again, you have the Holy Ghost in this land. We do the same thing. We fight and we battle and we struggle and we claim our land and we live our lives. Praise the Lord. Ephesians places us in that position. Amen. Well, we might not get to that today, but uh I want you to see when when Ephesians talks about the heavenlies and being in heavenly places, that's our position. Amen. How you get in heavenly places in Christ is being in your position. That's our position in Christ. Our position is those heavenly places or that heavenly place in Christ. That's that's where how we get there. Praise the Lord. But now, let's look. Let's start over in uh in Genesis chapter 17. He's talking to Abram. And he's given Abram these great promises that we know. 17. Let's start with verse six. God tells Abram, "I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of these of thee, and kings shall come out of thee, and I will establish my covenant." He had already actually changed his name to Abraham at this point. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee, shall I say, spiritual and natural, thy seed after thee in their generations, for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. Praise the Lord. And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession, and I will be their God. That's their possession. That's their position. But not notice, we know Moses took them up to it, but Moses did not take them across into that land. Amen. He took them up to it. Praise the Lord. But he did not take them over. That was Joshua. Joshua took them over and divided out the land to them. We can go over to Joshua uh and read a little of this to start. It's uh it's way too it's way too much to read in church of the uh dividing of the land as Joshua divided the land out. It's way too much to read in church about it. But we can read the beginnings and the promises and it's God is now speaking to Joshua because Moses Moses brought them out of Egypt and and uh Moses took them through the Red Sea. But it was Joshua that took them into the promised land. Amen. Now you notice out of Egypt was when God was bringing a justification to them as we know today. hard place of justification is when they came out of the land just like the glass in the chicken yard to glass out of the chicken yard that's justification when they went through the Red Sea that was sanctification that was their place of sanctification just like washing up the grass it's becomes a clean it be it comes in a clean condition but it took the Holy Ghost Amen uh Joshua that took them into the promised land and divided out the land to them and placed them in their position just like the Holy Ghost does to the bride to us today. Places us in our position. Praise the Lord. Took him Moses took them up to that. But it was Joshua that put him in their position. Amen. Now let's look at Joshua. Joshua chapter 1 verse one. Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun Moses's minister, saying, "Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore, arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people." See, notice they hadn't even gone across Jordan yet. Amen. They came across the Red Sea, but they got stuck between the Red Sea and Jordan. Amen. You see, that's that's the same place so many people get stuck today. Yeah. It's the same place that Judas's chariot got stuck. He was just fine. He was sanctified, but he got stuck in that place and couldn't go on to receiving the Holy Ghost. They got stuck in this place between the Red Sea and Jordan and they couldn't go across. Remember, Jordan is death. Amen. You got to die to yourself before you can become born again. Get the Holy Ghost. Now they're stuck. So, they haven't even gone across Jordan yet. That was Joshua's commission. Moses brought him up to that point. But now it's Joshua's commissioned to take them across. Rise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people unto the land which I give to them, even to the children of Israel. Praise the Lord. Now, can I say this real quick? If God's promised it, it's God's obligation to bring it to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. If he promised it, right? &gt;&gt; It's his obligation, not ours. If God's promised it to you, it's his obligation to bring it to pass. Praise the Lord. I like that. I give to them, even to the children of Israel. They're not there yet, but they might as well be because God's given to them. And if God's given to them, there's nothing going to stop it. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. If God's given to him, there's nothing going to stop it. Amen. Every place that the soul of your feet shall tread upon, that hath have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses, from the wilderness, and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your host. There shall not any man holy to God. There shall not be any demon able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. You want to take that for yourself this morning. Saints, you watching, you want to take that as a promise to you? Praise God. I will. Not any man, no demon. There's no devil out of hell who is able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. Glory to God. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. Be strong and of good courage. Now that's our part. God's told his part. Now that's our part. Be strong and of good courage. For unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land which I swear unto their fathers to give to them their adoption their positionally placed. Praise God. Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left. Well, you can't we can't turn to the left or the right because we've ingested it. It's become a part of us. It's who we are now. Amen. You can't turn from the left or right. And I can't turn from the left or the right of it no more than I can stop being a white man. Amen. The only thing that'll ever stop me is death. If life leaves this body, I'll stop. I'll still be I still have passed away a white male, but there's no way I can turn from one right or the left of it from who I can because that's who I am now. It It's who you are. When you ingest because you are what you eat, right? Have you ever heard that? I know my parents told me that when I was a kid. Amen. I don't know if we ever told our kids that, but you are what you eat. That's what they always said. You are what you eat. And a lot of times people have come to find out that's pretty much true. You you take in junk, you become junk. That's got to true nowadays. But you are what you eat. You eat the word, that's what you become. And then there's no way to turn from it. But his encouragement, God's encouragement to Joshua. Amen. Don't turn. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whethersoever thou goest. When you find your place, when you find your position, you don't turn from it because that's where you're blessed. That's where God blesses you. Amen. I just love that. It's just so beautiful. I mean, I had I've noticed that in my own life, too. And my wife, she's even told me before, you know, she said, "It seems like seems like we've been the most blessed when I'm in my place." And she's right. That's the truth. In our in our 40 years of marriage, you track it through, you can see where God has blessed us the most is when we're in the position we're supposed to be in. Amen. It's that simple. Amazing how people make it so complicated, but it's really that simple. Amen. This book of the law shall uh shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou uh shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For uh then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then shalt thou have good excess. Good success. That's how you prosper. Praise the Lord. People want to prosper. A lot of people want to prosper. They don't want to do the work to prosper. Amen. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee, whethersoever thou goest. Amen. What a beautiful promise, saints. Amen. And you can continue on read through Joshua and you can see mostly especially like verse chapters 13- 20 21 uh is the placement uh placing them their adoption putting them positionally placing uh each tribe this you know tribe you're Manasseh dad whatever this is your land this goes from here to here and includes this and that and it is extremely detailed and takes takes a long time to read through u and is honestly kind of boring. &gt;&gt; That's, you know, it's very uh very dry. Uh but it but it's very specific, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's where God positionally placed them in that position and divided out that land. Amen. To them. Let me read this this quote here. Adoption number two. Then did you notice we'll say it as we go as we said here previously that great miracle performer that uh brought down Israel down to the land and brought them uh to the promised land but did not place their inheritance to them. He did not give them their inheritance. He led them up to the land but Joshua divided the land to the people. Joshua did. But notice the promise, the initial promise, as we read, was all the way back to Abraham. At the same time that God changed Abram's name to Abraham is when he gave him these promises that you and your children, you and your prosperity, you and your seed will will take this land. I have given it to you. It's your land. Praise the Lord. He says, "Is that right? And Christ brought the church up to the place to where their possession uh was made to them, was given to them, just the Jordan to cross." Again, hadn't hadn't even crossed over. And what happened? They crossed over Jordan. And what's the first thing they ran into? Jericho. Amen. Great huge walled city. Amen. You ever run into any situation you just think, "Oh boy, I got it made now." Then the next step you take is a big huge &gt;&gt; something in your way. &gt;&gt; Amen. Got to conquer that too. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Whatever it takes. Whatever the Lord shows you, prayer. Amen. They had to march around seven days and all the marching they did and blowing the trumpet and uh sending in spies and Rahab story comes into this and the whole uh it just it's just phenomenal. But let's get back to our topic now. Amen. And excuse me. And Christ brought the church up to the place where their possession was made to them was given to them just the Jordan cross. But the Holy Spirit is the one who sets the church in order. The Joshua of today puts the church in its order, giving each one gifts, places, positions, so forth. And he is the voice of God speaking to the inner man that Christ has saved. What's that? The Holy Spirit. And he is the voice of God speaking in man. Christ that Christ has saved the Holy Spirit. He said, "Now, do you get it? How much of it do you get? Now, we're getting over into the book of Ephesians, which we'll read maybe if we have little time left, which we probably not uh get into Ephesians and look at what that promise again as we read a few weeks ago back to us again. Now, the same way he positionally placing the church where they belong. Now Joshua placed them in a natural land. Now the Holy Spirit, the church positionally in the land that they position that belong uh that they belong in in their inheritance and that Canaan land that's the Holy Ghost our placement. He placed them in their natural land. The Holy Spirit places us spiritually in our land in our position. We to play a part as that spiritual placement is. We play that part in a tangible physical way. Amen. As as we do in all of our lives and all of our gifts because the gift that God gives us, not for ourselves again, is for all of us. It's for everybody. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Not not just one person, not just the person that has it. Unfortunately, a lot of people take it that way, but it's not that way. It's for everybody. If somebody has a gift of, let's just say, tongues or prophecy or something, it's not for them. Sometimes, unfortunately, because gifts and callings are without repentance, somebody might use it to boast themselves up to something, but it's not meant to be that way. A true gift of God is operated by a true person of God. A Holy Ghost fil person is very humbling. uh and a person's very contrite about it and doesn't want any kind of accolade or any kind of notoriety or anything. They just they just want to perform and be in the position God put them in to edify the body of Christ. That's that's all the position all the places is is for us is to be edifying to the body of Christ. Period. That's it. No lifting up. Amen. Not to become famous or popular or rich or whatever, but to the edifying of the body of Christ. That's why it's all done. That's why we do it that way. Now, adoption, he says here again, same adoption one. Amen. Or adoption one, we just read two, a quote out of two. Now, the book of Ephesians places us positionally in Christ. what they was. Let me just background this real quick and uh we'll we'll probably read this next week. The book of Ephesians placed us positionally in Christ what they was in the holy land. We are placed not in a holy land but in the Holy Ghost. Praise God. That's what he's talking about. Our placement where we place positionally our position in Christ what is our position position God's give us is in the body of Christ that portion that we play for the edification of the body of Christ specifically mentions that in Corinthians about the the edification of the body the building up of the body but every position every the five-fold ministry is is singled out and but you know sometimes I wish it wasn't because somebody it seems like more of an emphasis is put on that. But every position, every person's placement is just as important as as any of the other uh uh brother Brandham held his position very humbly and it was an extremely important position. But look friend, his position in Christ in the body of Christ is no more than yours. &gt;&gt; Right? He had a maybe a greater gift on this earth, but his position in Christ is no greater than any of the rest of us. And we look at it, that means just as much to God. It means just as much to the body. It means just as much an edification to all of us as any of the other gifts, as any of the other positions, as any of the other placements. It's just as important. Amen. It means so much to uh not only our children, our posterity, to our church, to our family, but to the body of Christ as a whole. Because remember, we are all part of one body. The toes not going to go in the rapture and the leg still be here. The ear's not going to go in the rapture and the rest of the body be here. When there's a rapture, the whole body from the bottom of your feet to the crowns of your head, every morsal meaning uh bit of your body is going, every bit of it, every bit of that body is going to be there. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this many membered body called the bride of Jesus Christ makes that body, makes up that portion. We're all a part of it. Amen. And every one of us have our part that we play that's just as important as all the rest of them. Amen. Notice again, Israel was never blessed when they were outside their homeland. You notice how Israel was always in trouble. They were always getting things wrong. They were always messing things up when they were outside of their homeland. But when they're in their homeland, and that's why they had to be driven back. We know because this this is happening now. Amen. Because that's where God speaks. That's where God deals. That's where they are blessed just like we are. When we are in the position God placed us, that's when God blesses us. Amen. That's when we become blessed. Not that we do it for that reason. Amen. But it just it's a residual effect of what happens when we're in our place. A residual effect of what happens when we're doing what God called us to do is the blessings of God in our lives. Amen. And I'm thankful for that. Praise the Lord. But we do it because we want to we want to be servants. We do it because we want to be there for others and to help others and to help the body. Amen. You say, "I I've had people I I'm ready to go." Oh, that's wonderful. Have you done anything? Listen, have you done anything to help the person down the road get ready to go? &gt;&gt; Because you're not going without them, &gt;&gt; right? Amen. God help us. It can't be anything selfish or self-centered in this, friend. We're all in this together. Amen. We're all a part a portion of the body of Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. We need that book. Become that word. Let that word live through us. Amen. Let's stand if we could. We live to our portion. We live to our placement. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. They seen this course. I like to mention the name. We all know it. I want to live the way he wants me to live. Amen. Maybe you can find it there. It's 493 in the book. If you're at home, got a book, you want to follow along. 493. Although probably all know it there too. So &gt;&gt; it's our desire. I want to live the way he wants me to live. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never out love the Lord. for you now. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my Lord. Let's sing it this way now. I'm going to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful the Lord give us the way to live. Amen. He's put it in his word and he's shown it to us how we are to live. Amen. Our desire is we want to live that life. The truth of it is don't have any other life to live. I don't have any other way to live. I don't have any other way I want to live. Amen. This is it. Praise the Lord. I've said it so many times. I'll say it again. I've put all my eggs in that proverbial basket. And that basket is Jesus Christ. Amen. I have no backup plan. Praise the Lord. I have no backup plan. I'm just thankful that the Lord has revealed it. Amen. So that we could see. I think about the people in the world sometimes. Amen. Even like the guys on my team and I think, you know, if I'm wrong, what have I missed? [Music] Getting drunk. Act like a fool. What have I missed? But if they're wrong, what have they missed? Oh my. I I I would rather I would take that tra day. That's uh uh that's a that's it's like a sure thing. It's what I guess they call a nobrainer. Amen. Praise the Lord. But I know in whom I whom my redeemer liveth. I know in whom I believe. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I'm so thankful for that. Praise the Lord. God richly bless you. Amen. Appreciate you for coming to be here today. If you were streaming, God bless you. Amen. Appreciate the Lord. Trust something was said to bless and strengthen you in the Lord today. Uh just remember uh the prayer request. Uh of course uh again, as we get some details, I'll let you know about Sister Lydia's arrangements. And uh be please be in prayer for one another. Uh, brother Dennis, I could tell just in a text, brother Dennis was uh struggling a little bit with his body. So, please remember him in prayer. He said just in a lot of pain uh having trouble. So, please remember him in prayer and all the prayer requests uh that we have. Amen. Lord willing, next week I'm supposed to, if the Lord carries him, we're supposed to go to California next week. So, there should be no need to be able to move the service time up or anything like that. So, we should be good there. So, God richly bless you. Amen. Micah is getting ready on a trip. He's going to we're going to miss him for a couple services, but he'll be here next Sunday. Uh but the two Sundays after that, he'll be gone. So, I miss him tremendously when he's not here. But, um but next Sunday, we Lord willing, we'll come back to regular time. We'll have church again. The Lord will terry. Amen. and just trust the Lord to bless us so that we can give us uh his grace. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone have anything before today? &gt;&gt; Uh no, not at all. Uh, I I feel more comfortable probably reading what you gave me than uh remember from my remembrance because uh I think I had like six drips of sweat on my phone as I was trying to read it when you sent to me. Not that I I'm very thankful you sent it because it was very encouraging when I read it. Uh but Sister Sheilia asked if I would uh feel comfortable giving brother Paul Sar's testimony. As you all know, brother Paul's been with cancer and has been through chemo. Uh this is uh the uh praise report that sister Shelia sent me on Wednesday. Uh praise she spoke with Auntie S uh Auntie Sister Margaret Sar last evening after eight weeks of chemotherapy. Uncle Paul's cancer count has gone down to 10. I don't I don't really know necessarily what that means, &gt;&gt; but I'm assuming it's good because you had praise hands. &gt;&gt; Started at 5,000. &gt;&gt; 5,000. Okay. So, I'm guessing that's bad. Amen. So, it went from 5,000 down to 10. So, praise the Lord. What we're still believing is that one will go away. Zero. So, but praise the Lord. from 5,000. Cancer, his cancer count went down from 5,000 to 10. Doctor told him, "I could give you pills now, but everything has side effects. Let's see you in October to check again." Uh, praise the Lord Jesus. From five Oh, there it is. from 5,000 which triggered leukemia diagnosis in December 23 uh to 5,000 two weeks later taking off leukemia uh to just cancer uh still death and strong chemo treatments all these months uh alternating eight weeks on month off uh 10 is very good so praise the Lord and as she said it was his 90th birthday so praise the Lord so God is good amen and chemotherapy, no chemotherapy, whatever it is, God's still the healer regardless. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is still the healer. And I'm so thankful for that. So wonderful testimony. I love Brother Paul, Sister Mark with all my heart. Such precious good people. Amen. I miss seeing them on a regular basis, but thank you for updated. Uh all glory to the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else? &gt;&gt; Everything went well [Music] and I want to give my vehicle for a long time and I don't know why my husband checked battery and cable was not &gt;&gt; so I guess backfire. &gt;&gt; And when I turning &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A loose battery cable make all kind of things go wrong in the car. Things you wouldn't think it would be, but praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Precious Jesus, very thankful again, Lord, of your grace and mercy to us. Thank you for the wonderful service you give us. God, we're so appreciative of this precious word that is so &gt;&gt; uh uh means so much to us, Lord, and gives us so much energy and and encouragement and faith to continue to press this battle and continue on through life. just to read in there our position and who we are and placing our names in that in that scripture Lord that that we gives us a clear vision a good way to see and realize Lord what you've done what you've given and who we are Lord what our life is what part we play in this where our position is in there God that means us so much to us Lord to know it's all it's all good and well God and and and churches talk about what you did and uh and Jesus and giving your life and God that means everything to us Lord but it doesn't mean anything if it doesn't put us in there with you Lord and God that scripture that we read every time we do when we are we are joint hes with you God we are right there with you in you and us God thank you for that encouragement Lord thank you for that word that gives us strength and hope and God may it be that strength and hope Lord that carries us through this next week. Lord, we have uh uh these continuous battles on our hands through the world, but Lord, we know that you've already given us the victory. So, we stand victorious in your precious name and thanking you, God, God, for that blessing. So, watch over us, Lord. Keep us safe, healthy, strong, Lord, for your service. And if you should terry, God, we'll come back again next appointed time and we'll thank you and praise you for all that you've done for us. We just give it into your hands and ask your blessings now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
