################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-28 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4272025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-28
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4/27/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kXywOc7LSM
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4/27/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Oh. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Love Glor. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord, saints. Amen. God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Preach in the name of the Lord Jesus. Good to see each one that's come. If you're streaming, God bless you today. stand to our feet if we could and we're just going to invite the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. His presence. Without him, this meeting would be in vain. But we're thankful that he promised he would be here. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, let's just bow our heads, Lord Jesus. Very thankful today, Father, of your grace and mercy to us, Lord. You've given us another day. You've woke us up, Lord, and give us health and strength and life and the ability to come into this place once again, trusting you, Lord, for all things, Father, for you are the giver of every good gift. Yes. We thank you, Lord, for this beautiful day, Lord, for the time to come and fellowship around your precious word. Expecting you to meet with us once again, Lord, as you always do, as you promised in your word that you would do. You have never failed, Father, because you cannot fail. Yes, Lord. We know that you will not fail us here today, God. May you just bless each one that has come. Lord, help those that may be streaming. God, we just pray that you be with those who weren't able to make it for some reason. Lord would just lift them up before you, Father, in prayer as well. And just pray, God, you'd take complete full control over this service. May it be a a sweet smelling Savior to you, Lord. May it be a worship to you today. May you feel, Lord, the pulsation of our love to you, God, and the the worship, Father, from our hearts, God. reach up to you, Lord, as you receive it unto yourself. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. Lord, we recognize we're nothing without you, but expecting you, Lord, again, to bless us today. Anoint every lip, anoint our lips, Lord. Anoint every ear, God. We just commit this service to you. We ask your blessings on it now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to start with song number five uh 655 in the book. We have it on the screen here. Amen. Coming soon. Jesus in all his glory. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm looking forward to that. Aren't you? Yes. And I believe it is soon. Very, very soon. Yes. A lot of things are changing. We'll talk about that in a minute. But amen. A lot of things in this world changing, friends, and we can't ignore them. Amen. Amen. But uh we just look to the coming of the Lord Jesus. That's our whole heart's desire. Amen. Let's sing it now. Coming soon. Jesus and all his glory. Not just a savior, but a reigning king. coming soon and the bride will be witness. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. Oh, hallelujah. Coming soon. Jesus in all his glory. Not just a savior but a reigning [Music] king coming soon. And the bride she will be witness. Oh be ready for he is coming soon. Yes coming soon. Jesus and all his glory. Not just a savior, but a reigning king coming soon. And the bride will be a witness. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. Oh, could we sing it one more time now? Yes. Coming soon. Jesus in all his glory. Not just a savior, but a reigning [Music] king coming soon. And the bride will be a [Music] witness. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. Amen. Amen. Yes, he is. Praise the Lord. I believe there's a group of people that are waiting with great anticipation for that day. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. And I believe us to be a part of that group. Amen. Looking forward and longing to that day. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Psalm number 560. Amen. This little chorus. What will it be when we get over yonder? Praise the Lord. Oh, praise God. Eyes not seen, ears not heard, nor enter into the heart of man what God has in store for his bride. Praise God. Amen. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea? We'll join our love ones and crown Christ [Applause] forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea. We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, let's sing it now. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon that glassy sea? [Laughter] We'll join our love ones and crown Christ [Music] forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, one more time now. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea. We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] Amen. Oh, I'm looking forward to that. Praise the Lord. That time I get to be with my family again on the other side. Yes. Praise the Lord. So looking to join, Amen. my family and those precious loved ones. But of course, more than anything, I want to meet my Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to be with him. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer number five. Uh Psalm 536. Amen. 536. Praise the Lord. I'm going to start with the chorus. Praise the Lord. When I put this down, I didn't know Mike wasn't going to be here. So, um this one is a little more challenging without some music. So y'all help me if we can sing it. Amen. It is manifesting time. Yes, it is. Praise the Lord. You believe that? It is manifesting time. Praise the Lord. Amen. We are here now at that time. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen ride. Rejection draw nigh. He's a lovely one and he's coming in plain view. The voice of my beloved. Behold he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountains over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come [Music] away." Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine, and a lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes for the vine for the vineyards blossom for their harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption drawing nigh. He's that lovely one. And he's coming in plain view. In the cliff of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day breaks and the shadows flee away. Oh, in that mountain place, a sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Amen. Yes, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. Amen. It's manifesting time. The fruits are all the vine and the lovely one is coming in flame. Oh to kept God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. Yes, he's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, so much is true to that song, saints. Praise the Lord. We know it is manifesting time. But oh, how the lovely one. Oh, how that Lord Jesus is coming plainer and planer, more in view every day as God reveals himself to us. As God reveals that word to us, as God lifts us up and puts us in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. It's coming more and more plain to us. Saints, we look at the world and it's going in the complete opposite direction as hard as it can go. Yes. How we are living in that day of manifesting time. Praise the Lord. Everything is coming to light. There shall be light in the evening time. This is that evening time light. Praise the Lord. Amen. Glory to God. It is that manifesting time. Everything will come to its fruition in this day. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. We have a few prayer requests to bring to your attention. Amen. I found out uh yesterday um through our conference call with my team that uh our team manager's wife uh has cancer. Um my team manager's name is Brian. I don't I'm sure I've probably mentioned him before, but uh he is our manager, but his wife She's about 10 years older than he's about my age. He's about six years younger than he's actually closer to Sony's age really. But um uh his wife is about 10 years about 10 years older than him. She's around 70. But they found out this week that she has lung cancer and it is in her lymph nodes. Uh she was in the hospital. He's not going to be with us here at the job this week. He's staying home to be with her. She's in the hospital. but uh found out her name is Lannne uh that she has cancer. So, please appreciate your prayers for her for her. Uh God's perfect will in this situation. Um I don't uh I don't know uh I know that Brian's family was Catholic to a degree. Um I know brother Ram talked about Mormons and Mormons that didn't like practice Mormonism. be called Jack Mormons. So, I guess they're more or less Jack Christians or Catholics if that I don't that's probably not a term, but uh anyway, they're they're Catholics, but don't uh but I'm not sure about her. Uh so, u I've met her several times. She's come to eat with us. We've gone to uh work on a job up in Minneapolis. So, uh but uh she's a nice lady. She's been very nice to me. U but I appreciate your prayers for her and for him. uh and um they have family in that area and u uh grandchildren. So uh sure appreciate your prayers. I know I know in the experience with my sister um she had breast cancer and they thought they got it all but she was doing good and then they found out it was in her lymph nodes and when it's in the lymph nodes it goes throughout the body, right? Uh it just the lymph nodes are like a filter or whatever and it just if it goes to one usually if they find it in one they find it in all of them and it could be in the lung but that lymph node will go to the liver or whatever and that's what happened to my sister but um God is more than able that so just trust and believe in that situation for Brian and Lan and his wife if you would please pray for them. Also got a text from sister Julie. Uh she's had a persistent cough and just had a hard time getting rid of. She didn't want to come to church today. Be disruptive in church. So please pray for her. Also, she asked to pray for um her sister Kristen, niece Maggie. They're um I guess having the same issues. So please pray for them if you would as well. So Julie and u Kristen and Maggie, if you'd remember them in prayer. Uh also, as you see, Mike is not with us. He's out of town today. So, uh, please pray for him if you would. Uh, I got a text from Shria shortly before church that her they're upstairs neighbors kept them up all night. Uh, she said dancing around or something. I don't know what it is, but we have had upstairs neighbors in apartments before, and I understand and know how that feels. Um, but uh, please pray for them if you would. Sometimes downstairs neighbors aren't even better, but please remember them. if you would. They're going to just try to get some rest. He said they might try to stream with us today. So hopefully uh it looks like it's working, so that should be good. Amen. So please remember them in prayer. Also uh got a very heartfelt thank this morning. Uh her sister-in-law was doing much better. Uh I'll just go ahead and read it as sister Norma sent it. She said, "My sister-in-law felt the prayers and stopped shaking. uh she will let uh let the Lord handle what is coming next uh next week concerning her and the house. So, please remember that. Wanted to make sure and let the church everyone know uh that lifted up prayers for her. Thank you for those prayers uh that the Lord was mindful and heard the prayers and blessed her. So, we're very thankful for that. Amen. So, please remember uh Sister Lydia not here. Pat's of course with us, not with us today. Please remember as well. Amen. Lord is mindful of us all. Good to see you as join. Amen. Glad to have you with us today. Unspoken request on your heart. Does anyone else have anything before we go to the Lord in pray? Oh, Sonia's longtime client who was my client to start with. Uh Kay is moving to California next week. So, please remember her in prayer. She hasn't fine. She's getting medical. Yes. I will say is as all the flying I've done, the airports, every airport I've gone into, the airports have been very very good about transporting people uh from from place to place. So, I'm sure she's in good hands there. But please remember Kay in prayer. Um Lord, just help her. Uh she's sad that she won't have a Sonia there in California and she doesn't know what she's going to do without Sonia. So please remember her in prayer. Said just get there and uh she won't find another Sonia. I know that for absolute sure, but maybe she can find a adequate substitute maybe when she gets there. Uh but please remember her in prayer. My wife has grown quite fond of her and as I've said Kay has grown quite fond of Sonia so please remember her in prayer. Her family lives in California so they'll be there uh with the family. So appreciate your prayers for that. Let's all stand if we could. Just ask brother Dennis brother if you would please. Lord Jesus it's a honor once again to be in your house. Yes Lord. know that your presence is with us. You are welcome, Father. Yes, we want you to take the preeminence, take control of this service. Thank you, God. It's not time to be discouraged. It's time to take courage and stay with the word and do what you have called us to do to be uh real Christians written epistles read and known of all men. Oh Lord, I remember when Solomon had built the temple, you had David wanted to do it so badly, but he had just so many problems that you told him that out of his loins uh there'll be one that come and build the temple and it was Solomon. Amen. And father, you told him these words. My people who are called by my name, Amen. will humble themselves, will pray, will uh turn from their wicked ways. Yes, God. I will hear from heaven. I will uh I will answer their prayers. I will heal their lands. Yes. And Lord, that same promise is given to us. We must stay with that word. Thank you, Lord. not look to who's doing what, but we must have an individual experience with you, Father. Amen. You said work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. And Lord, it might not seem that there's many that are want to come to church. There's some that don't think it's important to pray and read your word or to pay their tithe. Lord, it's not people that are example. It's you. Your word is our our example and all that we must do. Yes, Lord. Oh, Father, there are several that are sick this morning. These are our precious brethren that we love so much. And Lord, they're dealing with sickness. Sister Julie and the family, they're dealing with a cough. and Father and our our other brethren that have been sick, our the Pats who who just are just old in age and just don't have the energy and the stamina to to do things that they they desire. And then Father, Brother Newton's boss, uh, Lord Brian's wife, his wife Lanne. Lord, she's dealing with cancer. Lord, we don't know she's saved. That's above all. And Brian, it's time that people give their hearts to you while you're still dealing with your Gentile bride. while we believe your blood is still on the mercy seat. And father, we believe the uh deliverance for Lan and above all that somehow our pastor being a godly man that he'll be a witness just alone to our his life being a written epistle, a walking Bible that they'll turn to him and ask, "What can I do to be saved?" Thank you, Father. And Lord, thank you, Lord. We you said in your word if you abide in me and my words abide in you ask what you will and I'll give it unto you. Amen. Whatever if two shall agree on anything I'll give you desires of your heart. Thank you Jesus. If we believe total deliverance a healing touch you are our great physician a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Amen. and with by your stripes we are healed. That's your promise. We hold on to it, Father. Amen. We're born in conquerors in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Jesus. Oh Lord, we are your advocates. We are your vessels that you want to work through. Use us, Father. Satan has no hold on us. We rebuke you, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ. You have no hold on God's people. Thank you, Jesus. And Lord, bless our pastor and to bring forth your word. Let our hearts be soft and hungry to receive the bread of life this morning. Granted, Lord, in your name we pray, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Psalm number 579. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here for you. 579. It's only the chorus in the book anyway. You want to sing the verses? Just any day now. Praise the Lord. My our Lord is coming. Just any day now. Praise the Lord. Amen. I believe that. Don't you? Praise the Lord Jesus. I believe that with all my heart. Amen. Looking forward to that time. Just any day now, our Lord is [Music] coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Each time I stop and take the time to look around me, I see the signs of his appearing. [Music] Everywhere. The things he said would come to pass are now before us. And I feel a strange excitement in the air. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. For I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Oh, there's this longing in my heart. For his [Music] appearing, I'll gladly leave behind these trials here below. For this journey has been long and I'm so wey. But Lord, somehow I feel I'm so much closer home. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. For I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. For I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Just any day now his face I'll see. Oh hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Can't you just imagine it, saints? Amen. You ever thought about that day? You ever thought about that time in your mind to imagine what it just might be like? Amen. What it just might be like to recognize and see him on that day. Oh, I visualized it so many times. So many different songs have put me in that place, in that position. And so many times my mind just wonders to go to that place, to imagine what it's going to be like. And still yet in my humanity, I probably don't even come close to what it is actually going to be like. But just to think about it, just to imagine it just just sends my heart a flutter. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. for praise the Lord. I'm so looking forward to that. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Not just to leave this old wretched world, but to be with my Lord Jesus, my Lord and Savior. Amen. So many times we try with everything we have in us to praise him, to worship him, to serve him, to give him everything that we have. And yet it seems so inadequate. Amen. And it seems so inadequate what we can do, what we can offer him in this life, what we can give him with our strength, with our voice, with our heart, with our uh uh strength to lift up to him. It just seems so inadequate. Go out in the world with all that we have, all that we've got to give our lives into his hands. It just still seems with every every move. Amen. Amen. That it just seems so inadequate for for who he is and what he's done for us. Amen. But I believe he accepts it. Amen. Praise the Lord. And we give it to him freely. Amen. All that we are, all that we could ever be, we give to him freely. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. So thankful for that. Amen. Lord richly bless you. Amen. Anyone else maybe have a testimony today or something before we change over the service? Amen. Praise the Lord. If not, we'll just go ahead and stand to our feet. Amen. Turn over to Romans chapter 8. We're going to read one verse of scripture here and continue on with our thought from last week. Amen. Romans chapter 8 verse [Music] 19. Romans 8:19. Praise the Lord. We're going into adoption part 13. Amen. And manifested sons of God part two for this week. So trust and pray. Pray it be a blessing to you today. Amen. Romans 8:19. Before we read, let's bow our heads for another word of prayer. Lord Jesus, again, Father, we're so very thankful to be here today. So thankful of your love and mercy, Lord. Thank you for your grace that you give us, leading, guiding, and directing us into all your truths. Lord, we know God and recognize that in ourselves we are nothing without you. But God, we so thankful that through you we can do all things because you strengthen us, Lord. You bless us. You give us the help that we need, Lord, to continue to press this battle. Yes. The lateness of the hour and what we see and how this world is unfolding. God, we recognize that. But Lord, we also recognize more than anything that greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. Thank you for these signs, Lord. Thank you for showing us, revealing to us, God, the the reality of the things that's happening today. By revelation, people see the things happening in the world today. Many people would acknowledge that that it it can't be the world can't go much longer. Some just secular Christians and regular people would admit to that sometimes, Father. But without revelation, understanding, yes, God, it's hard to It's hard to view that, to see that in its reality, Lord. But God, you've shown it to us. We thank you, Father, for that vision, for that eyes have Lord, Lord, peeled it off, God, that we can recognize and see the day and the hour that we live. Lord, we pray that you take complete full control of the remaining part of this service as we commit it into your hands. Lord, may you just bless and help us, Father, to accomplish that. that you set this service forth for today. God, we know it will not return void, but may that word find its bed ground on the hearts of your people. Once again, we commit it to you, Lord, and ask your blessings upon it. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Romans 8:19, we'll read this one verse of scripture and let you be seated. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. We've had uh a very important event happen this week. And you know me, I'm not someone that goes to try to make u uh prophecy be clear by modern events because that's not what brother Brandham preached. Amen. He may he's he preached modern events made by clear by prophecy. There's a difference between the two. that we do recognize acknowledge the scriptural significance of the pope's passing this week uh and the things that's happening and involving and behind that. Um there's a lot more in depth that I is not necessarily more along of a of a of a teaching type thing but uh that we won't delve into. But uh we do recognize how late the hour is saints and we do know that this could be the very last pope. Amen. That comes up. I This one that this one just died. Could have been the last. I don't know. Uh they talked about there being 165 and I believe that last one was the 165th one. This last one that went uh they had places on their wall or something for all the pictures of the pope. And to my understanding, this picture of this last one was the last placement they had for a picture of a pope. Um, we do know that brother Brandham said there would be one rise out of the United States. But I take that and I believe that absolutely but I take that with an understanding uh and I'm just giving this to you as my congregation. Um, I take that as understanding uh a lot like I would uh as I've preached before like California sinking. Uh we know California is going to sink. We know that. Amen. Amen. We know the judgment pronounced on Los Angeles. We understand and believe that. Amen. Is given by true God word prophet that California is going to sink. What we don't know is because he never says that is that sinking going to happen before or after the rapture. Right? We don't know that because we know there's going to be a period of time after the bride's gone that the world's going to continue on. Brother Van said they would continue having church. they would continue coming to the altar. They would continue thinking that that they're being saved and they're and there's not. Uh they'll the world would just continue to go on. Uh we know the second half of Daniel 70 weeks and the three and a half years that's left and the tribulation that's got us in and all that's all going to be after the bride's gone. Yes. So I I don't major on that or preach that very much because that's not something that we are concerned about. That's not something we have to face that that we believe we're going to be gone before that happens, before that all sets in. Same thing with California. We don't know before or after. Same thing with the prophecy of uh uh of the Pope from the United States. We don't know uh if that's going to if we're going to see that or if it will be after we're gone, after the rapture. I I I've not found any place where brother Bam specified, right? It just is going to happen. And we know it's going to happen. I mean, Isaiah prophesied, "A virgin shall conceive. Didn't happen the next day. Didn't happen the next week. Didn't happen the next year." And he didn't specify, but it would happen. And it did happen. This almost 700 years later, but it did happen. Amen. We don't know when California before the rapture, after the rapture, don't know this this pope. And this may be that pope. We don't know. The one that's coming up may be the one. Um uh I I I I sent out a text to everybody because I felt it was a significant enough spiritual um uh event to let everybody know that maybe you didn't or did know. I'm not sure. I can't remember if I sent to you the uh where brother Brown talked about that where that prophecy came out of that pope to the United States. Uh but I did do some research and found out that like the pope that's in like the third position so they say uh at least one of the top five uh that's that they consider cardinals one of the top five is from the United States right he is United States born and bred cardinal and he's on the one of he's on the top tier the top list uh uh of the next pope to take to take the place of the pope. So uh we can see that happening. Um maybe it does, maybe it doesn't. If it doesn't doesn't mean doesn't mean the prophecy is not true. Doesn't mean the prophecy won't happen. It just means it wasn't that time, right? We don't know. God works in mysterious ways, saints. I mean, you talk about things that are out of the ordinary. Pretty much everything God does is out of the ordinary. I mean, one of the I I've done some strange things in my life that people consider strange uh just trying to follow the leadership of the Lord. Yes, I've had people question me, not understand. Uh I not understand sometimes, but just trying to find follow the leadership of the Lord. But I look back and I think the Bible is full of strange things that people did trying to follow God's word. Yes. Amen. Think about uh I mean who ever heard of a man building a huge boat just so two of every animal could come on it, right? I mean, you talk about strange. That is that's that's probably one of the strangest things you could think of. God instructing a man to take all that time to build this big huge boat so make sure every two of every animal could come and live on it. Right? That that's that's pretty strange saints. You got to admit we know it is. But we know that we serve a strange God. Strange according to humanity, right? Amen. But uh but the significance of this happening and this taking place is very significant. I personally thought uh this pope would have been the one to sweep us into that rapture actually because this pope was one of the friendliest popes. Uh he had garnered favorship with Muslims with Oh. pretty much every religion. He had garnered a a favorable rating with homosexuals and with um nominal Christians and charismatics and denominations. He had curried favor with every leader of the world that I can think of. Uh pretty much all of them came to visit him. All of them come to like him. He was very he was a very favorable pope worldwide uh to almost every facet of life to every race, every color, every gender um of course there's only two of those two um to to to all to every all the leaders countries and that that's you can see that being that beast pope that rises up to be able to take control over the entire world. You can see it's going to be someone that's going to garner favorability from all the countries, right? From all the leaders, right? From all the religions, from all the different colors and races. You can see that because he's going to be in control of all of them. How did how better to tell? Brother Bam said just like the devil has always done, he comes in like flatteries, right? Amen. He's not coming in with a rule of of a of an iron fist. He's coming in with flatteries, pleasantries, uh, to make them like him, say things that would make them like him, change their ways of thoughts as far as how the Catholic Church operates to try to garner favor from this group and from that group and from this religion. I can see that being that way. So that then he takes over the whole world like flatteries. Amen. flatters them, smooes them, make them feel home, make them feel like, oh, this is a good guy. And upon his passing, you hear that amongst I have amongst so many different people, denominations, and leaders and um it's but we know that's in Revelation 17 tells us that's going to happen. They're all going to come back to that one place. So, we can't ignore I I don't want to spend a whole service talking about it, but we can't ignore what's happened, right? And the significance, the spiritual significance of what's happening in the world today. It is truly, it is manifesting time. Amen. And it is manifesting time not just only for the manifested sons, daughters of God, but for the manifestation of it. See, because the light when the light shines, this this last day light is shining on everything. It's bringing all the wicked things to light, too. It's not just the manifesting of the sons of God, but it's also manifesting and showing all the other things around. You know, it used to be that uh in this country that we we've known and u I'll say like my dad used to say uh it's all rotten to the core and the core is rotten too. Um and and brother Brandham said that. So we've known that for years, but you've never seen a time where it's come out from undercover. People don't care. They don't try to hide anymore, right? People don't try to hide their hatred anymore. They don't try to hide their dissension and their uh their their just their their blatant uh uh immoralities and they they don't care anymore. It it's it's the whole world has gotten to the place it's just uh it people don't care, right? Uh used to be there was kind of undercover and people would now then they started calling for homosexuals then they started call coming out of the closet is the phrase that they use. They've come out of the closet. But they say then what they're saying is that they hid all these years. Amen. But what they don't realize that that spirit's just going gaining ground all the time, right? Just like all the other evil spirits just gaining ground all the time, getting stronger, getting more wicked. But now it's out in the open. All this is just out in the open. Light has shone on it. Amen. Men, people, wicked people still hate the light because it makes their deeds come into into light. Everybody sees how wicked they are now, but they don't care, right? It it just simply doesn't matter anymore. Amen. You probably see it as much in politics as anywhere else. Again, rotten to the core and core rotten too. Been for years, still is. Amen. But what have we got? We've got to a place where all these this manifesting is coming is coming out. It's shining light on it. It's coming to a reality and we see it. We recognize what's happening. Now, let's go back to the scripture. I wanted to make that very clear. I don't want anybody going out saying uh we've had before like uh like when Biden became president, was inaugurated, and and uh uh the woman the vice president um yeah Harris she wore this uh purple outfit and uh everybody was spreading all this while you know that brother Bram talked about the scarlet colored and the purple and all I said and and but see the problem that the problem you run into is you if you make something like that an absolute and it comes not to be true then you you can't speak with authority and not know what you're talking about. I know brother Brandham said that yes this could be that person but it might not. So don't make it like this is it or that that she is it or that he is it. You don't know right. Amen. Amen. Uh without further instruction of the Lord or another God prophet to come and bring that prophecy that brings it plain. We don't know. Uh, and of course now it looks like that this woman that was supposed to take over everything now is kind of almost fall fallen back into obscurity. Uh, nobody even seems to care about her anymore. I don't know if that's true, but uh maybe there's something down the road. Maybe she still is. I don't know. Uh but when you make when you make when you put everything into one thing and that turns out not not to be the thing then uh it it just looks bad. I used to do that when I very first started ministering. Uh I remember uh shortly after I started preaching they found that red heer in Israel. Oh my goodness. Every all the preaching in in North Carolina and that whole area or that whole region around there including myself is that red heer's there. That's it. You know, that's going to be that red heer probably done and made steaks and digested and everything else by now. Uh cuz that was 30 years ago. Yeah. Uh where is it now? That that cow's not still alive, right? But but that was it, you know. And you make that it then that's not it. Then where do you go from there? See, and you get to the point and and the Lord taught me a lesson about that. Amen. The best way to interpret God's word is to let him bring it to pass. Yes, that's the best interpretation I know of is when God brings it to pass. But thank God we do have a word. We do have a prophet that the Lord has shine that light upon our paths that we can that word's broke down for us so we can read it and God will feed us with it and we can see the times that we're living. Amen. This may be again this may be that time for that US pope. It seems like I know people that every time a pope dies the pope from us is next. Every time it's not been this may be may not. Doesn't matter. Again we don't even know if we'll see it. We don't even know if we'll be here to see that. That may happen after we're gone. We don't know. Right? But we do know the spe the spiritual significance of that event unfolding in front of us though still yet manifested sons of God. Now we get back to the scripture for the earnest expectation. We talked about that briefly. Earnest expectation just basically means uh an anxious persistence. Uh the earnest expectation. There's an anxious uh anticipation. persistent anxious uh persistent anticipation waiting for the creature waiting or creation. Remember we talked about that creature is creation waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. Now again, it's not just the sons of God, but the manifestation of the sons of God where the light has come down and those sons of God producing the same life that Jesus did when he was here, right? living that same life, producing that same life, producing that same power, letting that same spirit work through them, letting that same spirit manifest itself through them and showing that those manifested sons of God, sons and daughters of God manifested on this world again today. See, or or now today, manifested for us. It's the same manifestation we talked about. That's a revealing. A revealing or an unveiling. A manifesting is just an unveiling. A revealing like uh like uh Luke 17:30. Amen. That when it talks about the revealing of the son of man. Amen. When that son of man is revealed, yes, manifested, unfolded, we can recognize and see that and know that that that applies to our day. Amen. We can see that that applies to our day. See that true that true gospel light brings everything into manifest. That true light brings everything into manifest. Now, let's go back and get some background in Genesis. We start with the seed chapter, the seed book. Genesis chapter 1, verse one. Amen. Genesis chapter 1, start with verse one. Um, you may just read the whole chapter. We'll see how we get to we get through this. Genesis 1 verse one. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. Amen. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. So, the earth was without form and void. In fact, it was it was said to be uh this word chaotic or in disarray uh in chaos. It was without form and void, empty, dark. Uh could you imagine the the the situation the earth is God was unfolding it here bringing it from the without form, chaotic and void, empty, dark was upon the face of the deep. But then the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. Praise the Lord. God's spirit moved on the face of the waters. Now, that's not a trinity of God. That's just simply the spirit of God. Amen. Nothing different. Just God himself, his spirit. We have human spirits that are simply a reflection of his spirit that he has. He is God. He has a spirit. Amen. We're humans. We have a spirit, our human spirit. Amen. Amen. We also have now if you're born again, the Holy Spirit that lives in your soul. But that's not your human spirit. Amen. Your human spirit is your life. It's your conscience, affection, reason, memory. That's the the part of you that thinks and that remembers and uh it's not your brain, your spirit. See your spirit just like God's God's spirit God's spirit moved upon the face of the waters and God said let there be light and there was light and God saw the light that it was good and divided the light from the darkness and God called the light day and the darkness he called night and the evening and the morning were the first day. Now notice how the first thing that God created heaven and the earth and everything was chaotic. Everything was empty, void and dark. And so God created or peeled back. So the the vision of what God created come into fruition, come into view. The light was there was manifested right in front of them. Amen. Then the light. Now recognize God made the light to come first. First thing that was necessary for necessary for this earth was light. There had to be light. Everything would have still been the chaotic darkness that it was in if there had not come light. So there had to be light and the light had to come first. God called the light day, the darkness he called night. The evening and the morning were the first day. And God said, "Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters. And let it divide the waters from the waters." And God made the firmament and divided uh divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firminant firmament. And it was so. Now notice God has taken the very two things that are the most essential to life and brought them forth first. Light and water. It takes light and it takes water. Amen. To sustain life. The life that God was about to create, the God that was about to to transform the earth or form into the earth. Life that he was about to bring forth. Well, it had to come through. There had to be light first. There had to be water first. It could not have sustained if there was still darkness, right? It couldn't live. Body life can't live. Animal life can't live. Human life can't live in the darkness. We have to have light. Yes. Amen. We can't live without water. Botney life, animal life, human life can't live without water. Amen. We have to have water. Amen. So the water and the light were the things that God created or brought forth first. Those were the things that was the most necessary. Uh eth verse. And it was so. And God called eth verse. And God called the firmament heaven, and the evening and the morning were the second day. God said, "Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together into one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. God called the dry land earth, and the gathering together of the waters called he seas. And God saw that it was good. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass." Now God's starting his his unfolding of creation. Now, God's created the heaven and the earth as it says. Amen. And as it says that, and as brother Brandham said, God said he created the heaven and the earth. Yes. Period. He didn't say how long. Didn't say uh uh what time it lasts or any. It's God created the heaven and earth. Brother Brham said that God created the heaven and the earth. Period. So from there God starts this seven-day process or really six days, seventh day rested of unfolding the beginning of the creation of starting this planet. U some people say over again. Amen. Brother Ram talked about the cat cataclysmic event. The Bible talks about a cataclysmic event that shook this earth that this earth was one time on its perfect axis. Amen. with the with the axis of this earth going straight up, north, perfect, south, perfect, straight up and down. But this cataclysmic event, whatever it was, turn this earth and tilted it over 23 and a half degrees. So this earth is not on its perfect axis anymore, right? Amen. If you run a pin through, as they say, I don't know how they figure this between something that's spinning up in heaven. I you know, you got something on a on a table or something, I can tell you this is up and this is downward. How do you do that and you suspend it in space? I don't know. I don't try to figure that part out. But I do know as brother Ram said that it's not in its perfect axis anymore. But he said that it will one day go back to that place. Right. Amen. Or it's in its perfect access again. Is that the tribulation? Is that the shaking of this earth when when it all explodes? And brother Ram said even the the earth will explode and the chemicals explode. the atmospheres will explode and burn all the sin and all the the separation of all the sin and all that was in in the earth and the atmosphere and everything that was wrong to make everything back right again was going to come back. I don't know. I don't know if it's that time or not, but he said it would come back again to its perfect access again where it was supposed to be. Amen. Whatever this time was, now God is bringing forth life again. He takes six days to do it. Amen. He does the body life and we see we've already had two days where he talks about the water the the the the sun and separating it and and the night and the day and he talked which which the Bible talks about again here and talks about the the water and the firmaments is the two days is the very important part of sustaining life. Amen. People talk about life on other planets. You know what they have to do before they even consider there might be life on another planet? They have to check to find if there's water on that planet. That's the first thing they find out. If they find out that there's water on a planet, then they can assume that the possibility of life exists on another planet. Now, that that's beyond me. I don't go into that. That's outside of my scope of intelligence or frankly uh desire to know. I I I don't really care to know if there's life on other planets. I'm not worried about that. I have a hard enough time taking care of this guy on this planet. So, uh, something else on another planet, that's okay. Let somebody else deal with that. I'll try to do my best to take care of this guy on this planet. But now we're getting into the creation. Uh, outside of the light, the firmament, and uh, ninth verse, God uh, let's see, God said, "Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together in one place. Let the dry land appear." It was so. God called the dry land earth, and gathered together uh of the waters called he seized. God saw it was good. And God said, "Let the earth now bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth." And it was so. And every form of creation, botney life, animal life, human life, did the exact same way. Amen. As he put botney life here first in in the uh progressing of God's creation, starting with botney life, he put that uh in itself. Now, to me, um well, we haven't gotten to that place yet because this is just botney life, but to me, this solves the question of which came first, the chicken or the egg? To me, it's simple. Yeah. If you're a Christian and believe God and his word, we know the chicken came first because he created the chicken and he put inside the chicken the ability to reproduce, right? Then you got the egg. Amen. Not not difficult to those who believe. Amen. But this is that same thing. He created the the herb yielding seed. The fruit the seed was in itself to reproduce itself on the earth. 12th verse. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind. And the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And the evening and the morning were the third day. And God said, "Let there be lights in the firmament of heaven to divide the day from the night. Let them be for signs, for seasons, for days, for years. And let them uh be for lights in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth." And it was so. And God made two great lights. The greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. Brother Ram talked about it. He just blew them off the palm of his hand. Amen. He blew one off and just took the took his fingertip and brought it over and stopped it right there. Said, "You stay right there." He brought the next one over and he put it over. and they look up and they say, "Oh, there's Orion's belt and there's a Big Dipper and there's a little dipper." And that's probably all I know. So, I won't call any others, but constellations of the stars, uh, somebody that knows all that can do. But God put those all in place and say, "Wow, that's that's fantastic how that is." No, God did it all that way. Yes. I don't know why. Why did he make one look like a little dipper? I have no idea. Why did he make one look like this or that and they got the zodiac from it and all this? I don't know. uh that's just his choice. But brother Bam talked about in the book of Genesis uh which he preached on like in the 50s. If you go and listen, he talked about God bringing that over and putting in place. And you know, I just think about God walking off to the edge of eternity and just blow them off his hands and just all every commanded every one of them to go exactly where he wanted them. Amen. Amen. Planets, the moon, stars, everything. He just he commands every bit of it because he's God. Amen. It wasn't something some great uh outstanding event. He just blew them off the palm of his hand and there goes the stars and there goes Saturn and there goes Mars and all that. God just put them all into place exactly where they are. They're still there. Amen. They're still there. People can explain all kinds of things and changes and all things have changed and all kind those stars are exactly the way they were the very first time they were set there. They're still there. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God's in control of them. Yes, he is. Brings them all about. The stars also. God set them in the firmament of the heavens to give light upon the earth to rule over the uh over the day and over the night and divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. The evening and the morning were the fourth day. God said, "Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life and foul that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven." Now we get to that chicken. Amen. And God created great wells, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly after their kind, and every wing foul after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And God blessed them, saying, "Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the waters in the sea, and let the foul multiply in the earth." God's second that evolution of life, that progression of life from botney life now to animal life, right? The evening and the morning were the fifth day. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle and creeping thing, and beasts of the earth after his kind." And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and everything that creepeth upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And God saw said, "Let us make man." Amen. Man is mammal. Amen. We are animal. Amen. animal flesh and we're animal nature. Amen. We were we we weren't created that way. We were created in the image of God. Yes. But we were created in in the aspect of mammals, just a a higher form. Amen. A greater form. Uh brother Bham said, "A man without the Holy Ghost is like a beast, an animal." Amen. And and we certainly do see that around today. the more the more and more of that manifesting itself around the world today where you see people's true beast nature beginning to uh manifest itself and come forth more and more all the time. Amen. Let us make man in our image after our likeness. And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air and over the cattle and over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Remember now in God's image is a spirit form. Amen. God has not put man in flesh. Yet he created him a spirit man first. Because notice he said he made man in his image. What is God's image? God's not a man. God's not a mortal. God's not a flesh being. God's a spirit. Right? Amen. This is when he made God man in his own image. He made man in in his image in the spirit of man in his own likeness. Spirit man, right? Male and female both male spirit and feminine spirit. God made the man in in this spirit. He created him in his own image. In the image of God created he them. Male male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth." and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. Now, notice, God gave man the dominion over all the earth. Amen. Brother Bam said that Adam was the God of this earth. God Adam was in control of this earth. He could move a tree. He could name an animal. uh he could do as he wished because he was he was given by God almighty God the dominion over this earth as an amateur God of this earth. So Adam was the God of this earth. God gave him that authority. God said, "Behold, I've given uh given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of the of all the earth, and every tree in which the fruit uh fruit of the tree yields seed, yielding seed. To you it shall be for me, and to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life. I have given every green herb for me." And it was so. And God saw everything that he had made. And behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. Now we know he rested the seventh day. So God give that dominion of the earth to man. Right? Amen. That was his promise. That was his uh that was his uh instruction. I give you uh dominion over the earth. Now of course when he put man in a flesh body and set him in the garden of Eden, the Bible says planted him in the garden of Eden. He shall be like a tree. Amen. Planted by the rivers of water. God, the Bible says he planted him in the Garden of Eden, a man, flesh man, and put the spirit, the masculine and feminine spirit in him. Amen. And then God recognized he is alone. He's lonely. I'll make him a helpmate. And he took the feminine spirit out of the man. And he made took from the rib of the man and made the woman and put that spirit in that woman. And now there were male and female. Right? Amen. two as humans flesh bodies each one. But he gave dominion to the earth to man. Amen. To subdue the earth to multiply and replenish to uh do as he wished. So the dominion of that was given to the man. Now look what brother said the breach uh between the church ages seals. Now, of course, when Adam fell to death, he brought death upon all creation. Amen. He brought death upon all creation. Well, no wonder all of creation is waiting for, longing for in great anxious anticipation for the manifestation of the sons of God, right? Because that was the beginning. that would be the beginning to make all of the wrongs that came as a result of this make it right again. In Genesis 3 verse 17, "And and unto Adam," he said, "Because thou has hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and has eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it, cursed is the ground for thy sake. In sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life." Now, what did God do? God did not curse Adam. He cursed the ground. Right? Amen. Now recognize these instructions that God gave. He did not give them to the woman who later was named Eve. She was not Eve at this point. This woman who later was named Eve as Adam named her because she was the mother of all living. This instruction was not given to her. It was only given to Adam. Right? Amen. Because God didn't come down and say, "Eve, because uh or woman because I told you this." He did not tell her that. He told that to Adam, right? Now, no doubt Eve knew it because she she regurgitated it to the serpent. Right? She she uh replicated it. She's uh repeated it to the serpent over here. So, she had to know. But God didn't even acknowledge that. He acknowledged Adam, right? Amen. He's not saying, "A Eve, it's your fault." Woman, it's your fault. He said, "Adam, it's your fault." Amen. Adam, because you hearken to the voice of thy wife and has eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, thou shalt not eat of it, cursed is the ground. Amen. Cursed is the ground for thy sake. In sorrow shalt thou eat it all the days of thy life. Now look what this word says. Now we go from Genesis 1 to Revelation 22 almost in one giant leap here at least to Romans which also goes over into Revelation with it. But just for sake of this cursed is the ground. Now look what brother Ram said. He brought death upon all creation. Now creation still lived. Amen. But what did it die to? It died to that uh that state or that place of perfection that God had created it in. Amen. It fell from that place. It didn't die to die to never grow again. It died to that place that God had given them. They It fell from that position. See, all of creation cursed. The ground is cursed because of what Adam did. Amen. Well, no wonder, we can go back over here real quick or I will. No wonder the scripture says the creature was made subject to this vanity, right? The creature was made subject to it not willingly. See what Paul says in Romans? Not willingly. Why? Because the creation didn't do anything wrong. It was the man who done what was wrong. But because God put the man in charge of creation, all of creation failed when he fell. My that's why God said cursed is the ground for thy sake. Amen. Well, so if the man was the issue with the falling of creation to begin with, then how is that going to be restored? With a full restoration of the man back into his uh place again, right? Which begins with the manifestation of the sons of God. Yes. Praise the Lord. Look, creation creation was not waiting for the manifestation of the son of God. Because if it had been, it would have all went right back where it should have been when Jesus came, right? It wasn't waiting for the manifestation of the son of God. It's waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. That falls that falls into our position. Yes. Praise the Lord. that falls our place. This latter day that we're living, we're at a time now. We're in the position now where we are in the control of that as manifested sons and daughters of God. Because creation fell because of Adam, creation will be made right because of man, the second Adam, Jesus Christ. Amen. Jesus made everything right, of course, and made it to the place that we could become the manifested sons of God. It's all because of him. Of course, we know that. I'm not giving us credit for something we didn't do. Uh Jesus did it all. But we recognize that the creation wasn't waiting for that. It was waiting for us. Amen. Them without us can't be made perfect even. But now because the ground was cursed for his sake, amen, the way of restoration is for man to come back to its rightful position again. Praise the Lord. And that's where we're headed, saints. Amen. That's what we're headed for. That's where we're going. Amen. That's why we come back. That's why we come back on this earth for a millennium. That's why we come back on this earth for a new heaven and a new earth. Amen. That's why we come back here because in that place, remember brother Araham said, in the millennium, every wrong will be made right. Amen. in the millennium. That's what he said. Yes. Praise the Lord. Every wrong will be made right. Everything will be back in its perfect position, perfect place, just like it was to be in the beginning. Of course, we now knowing the new heavens and new earth. Amen. We enter into that place of eternity where it's just it's just pure perfection. Amen. Amen. Human life, animal life, botney life. Yes. Amen. all back to its perfect place that it was to be in the beginning. You know, I got a thought and I I I don't want to prolong the service today, but uh you know, all humans were not meant to come. You know, people talk about and they say how well how how would it be it's unfair of God to put his seed in one person and not another. But what they don't understand is only the only the people that were in God's mind before the foundation of the world, only the people that were part of God then by that seed are going to be a a part of God now. Yes. Other people, and I don't mean this in a wrong way, and I've said this, and I've had people challenge me on this, but I I'm this the Lord's given me this pulpit. He's giving you people and I'm going to speak my heart. Amen. U not everybody that's on the earth today was supposed to be here. And when humanity fell and procreation began and it began with the serpent and the serpent seed in Eve in the woman to bring forth life that was never intended to be here. That was not in God's plan. Not that God didn't know that was going to happen. God knows everything. Yes. God knows everybody. That's why life is precious. Yes. Life is precious to God. Every life's recorded in a book. Amen. But not and and God gives every life the opportunity to receive him, to believe him, to not be bride, but but to to gain eternal life somehow through uh uh God's good graces. uh God's grace, God gives people that opportunity. Amen. That's why there'll be there'll be bride in the city and there'll be workers outside the city, right? U brother Graham talks about it. I I've read in the that people were good to the bride. Amen. Or give a cold glass of water or something, you know, to that effect. I don't want to dumb it down or simplify it, but but God has a way of being a just God, of giving everybody a chance. But not everybody was supposed to be here. Yes. God gave Adam the book of life. And every name that was predestined was in that book and was to come forth in its decreed time and season. Amen. Whenever that time came. Amen. It was supposed to be spoke forth and come forth and created just like God created in the beginning. God spoke Adam and he came forth out of the ground. God planted him in the Garden of Eden. God was supposed to create that way all the way through. Well, if that name was not in the Lamb's book of life, then that that person was never supposed when humanity fell into God's permissive will. All these people came came through for the simple reason that men and women figured out the secret of life and procreated, right? And came forth and brought forth all these people. I don't believe the earth was ever supposed to have seven billion almost eight billion people on it at one time. It never was. Amen. That that's my belief. Well, I'm thinking, well, if if if there never was in God's mind in perfection an allotted time for these individuals to come forth, it was for his people, for his bride. Yes, there was allotted that was in God's were a part of God. Yeah. But if it wasn't and they had really no appointed time for life, they just came to life because of procreation, then do those people have an appointed time of death or is there or is the appointed time of death only for God's elected, chosen, predestinated? Good question. I don't know the answer. I lean toward the part if if if if they weren't a part of God in the beginning to have an appointed time of life, I'm of the belief that they probably don't have an appointed time of death. So, when Brother Abraham says a person can die before their time, well, maybe uh maybe he's just talking about those people that never really had an appointed time of life like God's bride does. God's people, God's chosen, had an appointed time of life. Yes. Amen. Because they were in his mind before the foundation of the world. All these pe others God knew about, but they weren't in his perfect will. They came forth in permissive will. Did they have an appointed time of death or not? I don't know. That's a good question. But notice how God in in bringing forth of life brought forth this life that ended up becoming cursed. Yes. And because it was cursed, Paul could then bring to us the understanding all this creation is waiting for it to get back to the way it was. Let's put it that way. To get it back to how it was to start with in the beginning in the perfection of the Garden of Eden when all creation was perfect. Botney life, animal life, and human life were all perfect. Well, when the manifested sons of God come, we'll know it's the end time and that's the time we're living. And at that time, it's going to break forth into what we see and the purification and all that takes place in this earth and God comes and we all come back and live again here in this perfect perfect place when everything is restored back to the way it's supposed to be. All hinging on the manifestation of the sons of God. He brought death. Look now brother Mar said he brought death on all creation. Now he was given free moral agency. It was given to them to make a choice. Now Adam and Eve in the beginning there was a tree of right and wrong before them. That same tree sets before each and everyone today. God isn't doing for Adam or Eve. You say, "Well, it's their fault." Raban says, "No, it is not their fault. It is your fault. You can't place it on Adam now. You've got to place it on yourself because right wrong is set before you and we are on the same free moral agent basis as Adam and Eve were. So now it belongs to us. Do we accept it or do we reject it? Amen. Every one of us had the same. Now, brother Brandham knew what I just talked about uh intimated it in many places where where humanity come forth and God's chosen, God's bride. God didn't do that based on bias. He didn't do it based on prejudice. He did it based on his fornowledge. Yes. Amen. Of what? Of who was in his mind, who he was, who was a part of him from before the foundation of the world. And man's billions of these people are not were not. Amen. In that place, see, but recognizing that everybody still had a choice. Amen. People can still choose Jesus Christ. Yes. People can still choose the right way. Yes. People can still believe in the moral way and and and live a good godly Christian life. Amen. They may not be born again, but they be good but they can but good people. Amen. But you see when we are redeemed we no more want our own choice but we want his choice. Now Adam and Eve wanted their own choice. Now you look at humanity today that's exactly the replica of what humanity is today. Right? Everybody wants their own choice. Everybody wants their own way. I say everybody most everybody wants their own way. Yes. Humanity wants their own choice. They want to do what they want to do. Amen. We talked about the other day when God can be their people people want him as their savior, but they don't want him as their lord. God, we thank you for saving me, but now leave me alone. I got a life to live. You can't do that. It doesn't work that way. Amen. Amen. If you're born again, you don't want to live that way. If you're a child of God, you don't want to live that way. You want God to lead you and God to guide you. Amen. Now, let me drop down here. Now, Adam, when Adam sinned, he and his wife's reasoning instead of holding on to God's word, we just read that made Adam sin. His wife reasoned with Satan, the serpent, and then produced the product to Adam. And Adam turned loose of the word and sold out. He had to turn loose of the word because what he was doing was against the word. Turned loose of the word and sold out. He lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship and right to life. Remember the day you eat thereof the day you die. And when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life. The book of life. Amen. That was his inheritance. What was Adam's inheritance? This was his inheritance. The life. Life was his inheritance. Amen. He had the book of life. Praise the Lord. when he lost his uh life, he lost also lost his inheritance in life because he had completely supreme control of the earth. He was a god of the earth. God's the god of the universe everywhere. But his son had this earth under his complete control. He could speak, he could say, uh he could name, he could say, he could stop nature, he could do anything he wanted to. But we got to understand he did whatever he wanted to under the opice of the Holy Spirit of God. Yes. Leading him having the life and spirit of God. Amen. And that's why you look today and people say well why isn't there this that and the other? Well it's based on what God's leading is in our lives. Yes. Amen. Why aren't there more healings? Why aren't there more miracles? Well, uh, the the the manifested sons of God are only going to do what they do according to what God gives them to do. Yes. Amen. And that's it. Because we follow the leadership of the Lord and the Holy Spirit in our lives, just like Adam did. We don't go around just uh, you know, I want a $10 million mansion in the foothills and a Bentley. Amen. I could speak whatever I wanted to. Well, that's not the spirit of God speaking. That's not the nature of Christ speaking. Amen. The nature of Christ speaks out. Praise the Lord. And it becomes uh to me what it seems outside of the bride becomes more and more uh becomes less and less I should say. God is the God of the universe everywhere. But his son had this earth under his own control. He could speak, he could name, say, he could stop nation, do what anything he wanted to. But when he did that, he lost his inheritance. Amen. He lost his inheritance. He had complete supreme supreme control as a minor God under God our father because he was a son of God. He said, "Oh boyh, now couldn't we stop here just a minute and get our real sermon?" You think about and what he just said? Yeah. Amen. Amen. as a minor God under God our father because he was a son of God. Now what about the sons of God today? What about the manifested sons of God today? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He said, "Boy, couldn't we stop here and get our real sermons? Think about that. Where does that place us in today? What responsibility does that put on us? Where what does that show us who we are supposed to be?" Amen. It's what God has given to us. Oh, then if the blood has cleansed it back, what about now? See, look what the son of God at the second Adam did. He said, "The works that I do, the works that I do shall you do also." See, Adam lost his inheritance. The earth creation. Now, it passed from his hands to the one he sold out to, Satan, the earth. He lost the earth into the hands of Satan. But he could not, Satan could not take this. Satan could not get his filthy hands on this. Yes. This went back to the hands of the original owner, God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. This went back to the hands of the original owner. That's how now in procreation of humanity comes forth as they come out of that book of life. But we come into the world in sin, shape, iniquity, come to the world speaking lies now. But name is still there on that book. That's why in Revelation 5, Jesus, you see Jesus over there taking that book and opening that book. And you saw why John was weeping because there was no man worthy to open that book. Cuz if that book had not been open, everybody would have been lost. Yes. There have been nobody saved. Praise the Lord. Now that book goes back in the hands of God. The earth went into the hands of Satan. That's why we now live in Satan's Eden as we now call it. Look at brother said in adoption. She said, "Now, this may choke you to death, but did you know that men are the sons, and I'll say, brothers and sisters, that are the sons of God are amateur gods?" How many ever know that? How many knows that Jesus said so? The Bible, Jesus said, "Did not your law say in itself that ye are gods? And if you call them gods, which God said in Genesis 2 that were gods because they were had full dominion over uh domain over the dominion of the world. He gave him dominion over all things. He lost his godship. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain. And Satan took it over. But brethren, we are waiting. Praise God. This is 1960. We are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over again. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Waiting for the fullness of time when the pyramid gets to the top. When the full sons of God will be manifested, when the power of God will walk out. Hallelujah. He says, "And will take every power, every power that Satan has got away from him." Praise God. Amen. He said, "Yes, sir. It belongs to us. Amen. Doesn't belong to Satan. It belongs to us. Yes, it does. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. What is that? That's following along with every thing that God gave this bride. Every promise that God gave this bride belongs to us. Yes. God's given to us. Now, we have every authority, every authority. Like we talked about last week in the Easter message, every authority to take every power that Satan has got away from him. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Now, that's the authority of God. But it's based on God's perfect will. Not what I want done. Not what I want to see done. Not what I want to see happen, but what his perfect will is. In that instance, in that condition, we have the authority to take away every power that belong that that Satan has. Amen. Because it doesn't belong to Satan. He stole it in the beginning. Still belongs to us. Yes. Now, as God's manifesting these sons and daughters of God on the earth today, it's put back in their hands, in their control. That's why we said the other day, she gets to the place this bride will speak when he speaks or she will keep still. She will have thus sayeth the Lord or she will be silent. Yes. Amen. That's by the manifested sons of God. Praise the Lord. To do that perfect will of God. Look at this in Matthew. Matthew chapter 17. Matthew chapter 17 verse 14. Matthew 17:14 And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man kneeling down to him and saying, "Lord, have mercy on my son, for he is a lunatic and sore vexed, for all times he fall into the fire and off into the water." and I brought him to thy disciples and they could not cure him. The disciples who had been seven chapters earlier had been given the power by God by Jesus to cast out devils. You go read, I believe it's seven chapters earlier, Jesus gave them the power. Remember we read the other day where they ca where all of them came back rejoicing. Oh, they're they're subject last week. They're subject to us to thy name. Don't don't that. Yeah, that's true. But don't celebrate about that. Celebrate. Be happy because your name's written in the book of life, right? In heaven, he said. Amen. But now look, they had just been given that. But he brought the discip brought him to their disciples and they could not cure him. Then Jesus answered and said, "Oh faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I suffer you? Bring him hither to me." And Jesus rebuked the devil and he departed out of him and the child was cured from that very hour. Something that he brought the disciples could not do, right? But yet they were given the power to do it. They were given the authority by Jesus to do it and they still couldn't do it. Oh, help us today. Amen. Help me, Lord, today. The child left and was cured from that very hour. Then came the disciples to Jesus apart and said, "Why could not we cast him out?" Jesus said unto them, "Because of your unbelief." And that's the worst curse. Amen. Unbelief. For verily I say unto you, if ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, and nothing shall be impossible unto you. That sounds a whole lot like what brother just said. Yes. Amen. That's exa that sounds exactly what like what he talked about that Adam had. It's exactly what he talked about was going to be restored back to the sons of God. It's exactly what we're looking for and expecting to happen today. It's exactly what brother Brandham said in taking away every power that Satan has. Praise God. Amen. Doesn't belong to him. Ye shall say to this mountain, move hence hence the yonder place. It shall remove and nothing shall be impossible unto you. Amen. Oh my. I We need to read that like every day for a whole year. Amen. Just read that. Believe it. How be it, this kind goeth not out, but by prayer and fasting. Prayer and not praying fast. Now, but praying and fasting. Look, I got my Bible thanks to brother Green. I still got my mustard seed here. He dumped a bunch of them in the Bible. You know, I thought, "Oh, those are all going to get lost." So, I took a whole bunch of them and I stuck them underneath my little sticker marker thing there so that they would stay. And still there. Amen. I don't know how long ago that was, but I got a bunch of them in there. So, Amen. I should have taken some out when the kids were here and given them to them. But, Amen. We know that that faith that lies in us is the faith to believe, the faith to speak, the power that God has shown that that that we have today. Amen. And the manifested sons of God. Yes. Let me read this. the these quote I'm sorry I'm getting late I was going to close these quotes are just too good to pass up but now the world the nature the world nature we just read it all of creation nature groaning crying everything's a moving what for the manifestation of the sons of God when true sons born sons sons speak and their word is back. Praise the Lord. Amen. Look, friend, I don't I don't want to brag, but I'll brag on our congregation. U I said, I don't want to, and I'm going to anyway. Uh what used to be next door right there? Tattoo shopping. What did we do about it? Amen. What used to be over here? Smoke shop. What did we do? Amen. Amen. Where are they now? What what other results do we need? I'll come in here and lay my hands right there. Amen. Amen. What else do we need? What what other evidence are we looking for? Respect God moving. The people downstairs to me and my wife, they were uh rowdy a lot of times and hard to sleep sometimes and stuff and kind of noisy and kids and whatever else. And uh there was there's just one morning and I I I forgot what morning it was, but it just got all over me. Please forgive me. But I I bent down. I put my hands on the floor and I said, "They're gone. They've got to move out, Lord. That these people are they have got to move out." You know what they did? They sold our entire community to an a different organization and that person downstairs worked for them for the old one and they moved out. They're gone. Amen. I mean, what other proof do we need? I mean, that's just examples that I have right here that come to my mind that are just recent. I think about it in your own life, in your own Yes. Your your own power, authority, your own abilities. God has given that for us today. The manifested sons and daughters of God. Amen. It wasn't done I I didn't do it based on the fact that I didn't like the guys, either one of the guys. In fact, the guy over here I helped over with the electric and stuff and this he was a nice guy. He really was. But that wasn't going to stay there. It just wasn't. Especially with the music played and stuff. It just wasn't going to stay there. That one wasn't either. Now that guy was not a nice guy, but I didn't we didn't pray because of that. They just they could not stay here. Right. Amen. And now you notice that that place is not supposed to have anybody on Sundays. And they started having on Sunday. Then they started playing music. Did the same thing. Now I may not have announced it to the congregation, but I did the same thing. And now on Sundays, they come and still get haircuts, but they don't turn that music up anymore. You noticed? Amen. Why? Because you speak. Amen. You speak with authority of God's word. And it's not selfish. It's It's not something that you're being selfish at. I mean, I still say, "Lord, they have every right to have a business and make a living and have a job. That's perfectly fine. But they're not going to interfere with this." Yes. It just isn't going to happen. Amen. And if they are, they're going to go. Amen. And it stopped. So, God knows. But again, those are just a couple of things that I come to my remembrance that we know that we've done here, even just as a congregation. Amen. Amen. That you've done in your own life you think about. See, there's something there. Speak to it. Amen. I remember years ago uh when we lived in Florida, it was a brother, one of the brothers I I disagree with a lot on doctrine. I've talked about him before, but uh I believe he was a child of God. And we used to go sometimes to lunch and we'd go to this restaurant and um he told me how this restaurant treated him and how bad they were to him. and so on so forth, whatever. And he said that that place is going to go out of business. And it did. It did. It It wasn't long after that it went out of business. So God knows it's it's not it it it's not anything. We don't do this of selfishness. We don't do it for personal gain, right? We do it when the situation arises like that. And God's in control. God's in charge. But he is pleased to honor your word. Your word. Amen. Amen. And it has it it is our word. See, it's when the true sons, born sons, filled filled sons speak and their word is backed. Praise the Lord. We told you before about sometimes when our son would get picked on in school, a a boy in Florida in Cook. He was he was one of the worst that Mike had ever encountered. He was just relentless. And he would come home distraught. We'd go we we prayed together. Um and um that that same teacher, I believe it was, wanted to read the book Goosebumps to the school. And we didn't even know it. But Michael went up to the teacher and said, "My parents wouldn't want you reading that to me. I I don't want I don't hear." and she didn't read it. And then she went home, according to Micah, she went home and read the book and looked at it. So, and came back to class and told Micah, says, "You know what? After reading the book, you're right. I'm not going to read this to the class anymore." Amen. It's like the Harry Potter stuff and all that magic and all that. That's demonic, saints. That stuff is just demonical. Horrible to let kids and grandkids and whatever get mixed up in that. That's that stuff is evil, wicked, demonic. witchcraft, wickery, that's evil. Amen. But this boy, he was relentless. And we came and prayed and we said, "Lord, just help him to stop picking or whatever, do something different." Well, the boy had a motorcycle wreck and broke both his legs and was out of school, couldn't come back to school. When he finally came back, he was in a wheelchair and he was the nicest person to Micah you'd ever see. Amen. Now, we didn't we didn't ask God to tell him to crash a motorcycle and break his legs, but that's what happened. Amen. Mike got to go through the third grade in peace. But that's when you you speak the word. See, it's also training a child the way they should go. Amen. Let me finish this. I am going to close. Speak their word is back. I believe we're on the border. He says border of it right now. Of course, we knew it was already happening when he spoke this. It was already taking place and it's gotten to the place that it's even more so now. Yes, sir. Say to this mountain, "Certain thing be done. I'm believer in Jesus Christ. I give it to you in Jesus. In the name of G the Lord Jesus Christ, amen." There is a manifestation. Amen. Oh, brother, my crops are burning up over. I hadn't had any rain. I'll send you a rain in the name of the Lord God. Bless your crops. whole waiting groaning all nature waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Oh, I got a couple more here that's just just working to put help us get to the place that we know who we are. Yes. In our placement in him. Amen. That we belong to the Lord. Our word is as good. Amen. God is honored to to honor our word. The word that we give is not is it's not again it's not something that we do of selfishness or self- gain or anything like that, but it's the word that God gives that we that we put that that that God honors. Amen. Amen. Our word, your word, that's that is the manifested sons of God. Yes. A lot of times we look around, we say, "Where's this and where's that?" And we forget so many times and we fail so many times to recognize what God's doing and what God has done for us. What God has just done in this little congregation and recognizing the the moving of the hand of God for us. Amen. It's true. But it's God honoring our word. Yes. Amen. I I didn't I I didn't I can't say that I got down on my knees and I prayed to God to do this. I just walked up the money and said, "You you've got to go in Jesus name. You've got to go." Amen. Amen. It's that simple. Speak it. Let God honor that word. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. Is God honoring that word? It's his word, but it's his word in us. We are in that position as manifested sons of God to let that word live in us and through us, manifesting through his bride today as the manifested sons of God. This is the manifesting time. Amen. God has given us that position, that place that we live. Amen. We live it for him. Praise the Lord. Amen. I was going to sing this sing this little chorus we sing so many times before. Amen. See if I can find prepare me to be a sanctuary. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I can't find it. We know it. Amen. Praise the Lord. We sing it with our hearts now. Amen. Lord, prepare me to be that sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. Amen. Sing it with our hearts now. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving, how be living sanctuary for you with all of our hearts now. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. I'll be a [Music] living sanctuary for you. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place so that I through his love could take him. For he became me so that I might become him by grace. Oh, could we sing it one more time? Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. He became me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place so that I through his love could take [Music] him. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that true, saints? Amen. Amen. That's so very true. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so glad he was willing to take my place that I could take his to be robed in his righteousness. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you today. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen you in some way today. Yes. Amen. Appreciate the Lord's goodness, God being with us. Amen. Speaking to us today. Let's just take that word to heart. Let it continue to reverberate through our spirits, through our lives. Yes. Amen. Remember, Amen. God is pleased to honor your word. Amen. As you speak. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. And so thankful. He is mindful. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Amen. I don't have a flight. We're working in town this week. uh Speedway and Crayoft this week on that what that's been there for years and years. I guess we're trying to get it back together again. They tore it all apart. It's country club. Country Club. What' I say? I keep saying that Speedway and Country Club. Amen. It's right down the street from where we used to have a church on Cray Country Club. So, please remember that in prayer. I appreciate it. It's going to be kind of warm this week, but uh the Lord's good to Amen. We always always appreciate one another's prayers. Yes. Amen. As we pray for one another, remember the prayer requests. Amen. And continue just to live the life that God give us. He knows any moment, any time. Might be going. It is going home time. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, God richly bless you today and then we'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Appreciate each one of you. Brother Danny, would you dismiss us in prayer? Thank you Lord God as we gathered here today time of fellowship. was an honor and a privilege to be here. That's the message you put in our pastor's heart was a good strong message and that we would be blessed with and that if the Lord Terry will be here next Sunday and to honor all the prayer requests giving and Yes. that we all have a good week, a good safe week. Yes. and that as the world is changing and a lot of it is getting to the point that your return is eminent. Yes. Amen. Hopefully we will be part of it and I say this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you today. Amen.
