################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 542025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-05
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 5/4/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgfmWPs70JM
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 5/4/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
This world is certainly a drain on our religious on our godly spirit, Lord. And we're so thankful to you, Lord, for blessing us with this opportunity, God, to regenerate, Lord, and renew, God, our spirit, Lord. Just believing that you're going to be here and that you're going to, Lord, be the one to bring it to pass, Lord, for us today. We know that in ourselves we are nothing, but we're trusting you, Lord, to bless us once again today in this place. Lord, we rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hint, or infiltr infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. Amen. Bless these that have come. Lord, help those who may be watching streaming today. God would just be careful to thank you and praise you. Give you glory and honor for all things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. We're going to turn over to Psalm number 446. Or we'll just have it on the screen here. 446. If you got a book at home watching, 446. We've got it on the screen here. I'm going up. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so glad that I'm going up. Yes. Not down. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Let's sing it. I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up in the first resurrection. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord. And they'll be coming from the east. Coming from the west, coming from the north, they'll be coming from the south. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord. Yes, I'm going up. Amen. I'm going up. I'm going up in that first resurrection. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord. And they'll be coming from the east. Amen. Coming from the west, coming from the north, will be coming from the south. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord one more time. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up in that first resurrection. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord. And they'll be coming from the east. Coming from the west, coming from the north, they'll be coming from the south. Yes, I'm going up. I'm going up. I'm going up to meet the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. All our precious friends and loved ones expecting to be there with us. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. What a grand time. I believe that's the time we're looking for. Amen. That's the time we're expecting. Yes. Anticipating like we've been talking about the manifested sons of God waiting, longing with great expectation. Amen. Amen. For that manifestation. Praise the Lord. Amen. 204 song 204. Amen. Have it on the screen. What a day that will be. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. What a day that will be. Hallelujah. It's a wonderful day today, saints. Amen. But even as beautiful as this day is, it'll pale in comparison to when we get there. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing it now. There is coming a day when no heartaches shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when by Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be. And there'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day. Glorious day that will be. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Yes. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, one more time now. What a day that will be when by Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace and he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. What a day that'll be, saints. Amen. Oh, what a day it is. What a day it'll be. What a day we're looking for. What a time we're going to. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Number 613. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here. Number 613. [Music] to see the bright light shine. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. I can just see him. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing it now. There's a light in the window and table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. [Music] Well, I can see the crystal river. Oh, I must be here forever. Lord, I've never been this home. Sick people. So, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Oh, I can see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick [Music] before. Well, I can see the family gathering. Sweet face is all so familiar and no one's older people anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is drying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home. Sing it now. Just see the bright light shine. It's just about a home time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick be blessing at last verse again. Well, I can see my family gathering. Sweet face is all so familiar. And no one's old or feeble anymore. Hallelujah. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. Thank God I spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Amen. Yes. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. All I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. The Lord, I've never been this home. Sick me. One more time now. Let's see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Well, I can see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Praise God. Amen. Oh, can't you just see it, saints? Can't you just feel it? Don't you just know how real it is? Amen. Amen. As it pulsates through your soul today. Amen. Praise God. Yesterday would have been my dad's 94th anniversary. When I sing that verse, when the Lord gave me this song to put here for this week, I didn't even think about that about family gathering, I could just see it. Looking forward to it. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Got a lot over there waiting on me, waiting on us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. It looks so bright. It looks so beautiful. That precious light that shines. Amen. Glory to God. It's closer than ever, saints, and I'm looking forward to it. Amen. Praise the Lord. We go to the Lord in prayer now. Amen. I don't have I'll just have one prayer request. Sister Julie text her a little earlier uh and said she could not was not going to be able to make it today. She had to stay. They're supposed to come in the apartment, do some work or whatever, and Kristen's not there. So, uh so she wasn't able to be with us this morning. So, please remember her in prayer. uh she really uh is looking for that job. She said the Lord has waiting on her. So uh let's just pray that the Lord just bring her to the right place, the right time, the right job. Uh that she's able to supply. Amen. And pay her bills and meet her needs. So uh let's just pray the Lord just she got her license back. So we're thankful for that. Amen. But just looking forward to the Lord blessing her now, giving her that job that she needs. So please, please remember her in prayer this morning. Amen. Uh remember Sister Lydia, of course, Pat, Sister Karen, uh has gone back to the mountains now. I can't blame them. I'd go if I could, too. Uh it was awful hot last week, at least for me, outside working. It was pretty warm. And I know and I know it's 10 to 15 degrees cooler than it's going to be. So, uh but they're going back to the mountains now for the summer. So please remember them in prayer as well. Amen. Anyone have a another request on your heart? Something on your heart you'd like to bring for church yet? Amen. Okay. Yeah. Right. Right. Right. heart prayer. Anyone else? Anyone have an unspoken request? Lord knows all our hearts today. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. We're thankful that the Lord has blessed usmen requests and families and loved ones and animals. Amen. Lord Jesus, we are blessed once again. Amen. In your house of worship, your house of praise. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We humbly come before your throne of grace, Lord. Search our hearts. Yes. Just like David said one time, if I regard iniquity in my heart, you will not hear. Jesus. And Lord, it's time to line up with your word and to put you first above all things. Yes, Lord. We know what iniquity means. As the prophets shared, it's something you know you should do, but you won't do it. And Father, it's time that we uh gather together that your presence will be made known stronger than ever before. Lord, for the devil's fighting us harder than ever before, but greater he that's in us than he that's in the world. Amen. Yes. And father, help us to walk in the spirit, to be led of your spirit, to have the mind of Christ, to recognize, Lord, that what we read in your scriptures is real. Yes. You will have a bride that's made in your image. Thank you, Jesus. A bride that will be reflected in their lives, Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, you said in your word, he that's begun a good work will perform in it in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes. And Father, let us not let our eyes get dim and start looking at the things of the world. We know that the flashing red lights of your coming is almost here. Yes, Lord. And Lord, may we yield ourselves that much more to your spirit, to your word. Obedience is better than sacrifice. Amen. Let us set aside a weight that easily beset us and let's run by faith the race that is before us. Amen. Lord, Jesus, there are needs amongst your people. Lord Jesus, the sister Julie who's looking for that right job. Lord, you know her needs. Oh, meet her niece according to your riches and glory. Jesus, Lord, lead her to that job soon. It's like pastor said, you know, she has bills, she has responsibilities. Yes, God. And Lord, may you meet her needs, Father. Grant it, Jesus. And Lord, our brother Art who's working is working, overwork by his employer, Lord. Oh, help our brother. Helps us to provide the right assistance that he needs, Father. Yes, Father. For we know that as two shall agree in touching anything, it shall come to pass. Amen. We are believers this morning, Father. We take you at your word. Once you spoke it, you couldn't change it. You couldn't add to it because you're perfect. Amen. and your promises are real to us as believers, Father. And we claim victory, Lord, over the enemy. We know he's trying to destroy some that are here. But we claim victory in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, Satan, you got no hold on God's property, God's weure you in the name of Jesus Christ to leave us. Yes, God. Oh, Father, bless our pastor. Thank you, Lord. faithful servant that's labored to bring forth your word. Let your word become reality life in us. Father, yes Jesus, let us come to the place of a stature of a perfect man. Granted, Lord, in your name we pray, name the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to thank the Lord this morning. When I uh went to bed last night with some drainage going on and you know when things like that happened, first thing the devil wants to put in your mind is, you know, you might as well cancel church and blah blah blah. And I woke up at 5:00 and oh, my throat was just throbbing. It was hurting so bad. I I went to the restroom and I thought my just let everybody know now and just text him now and just let it and and something come over him. I said, "No, I'm just going to wait. I'mma wait a couple hours." And uh and I wait a couple hours and it went away. So, praise the Lord. So, I feel good this morning. I'm thankful. Got a little still a little congestion feel like. I don't know if it's allergies or what, but um because I saw a lot of pollen outside last week and the sneezing and you know, and all. So, a lot of you know what I'm talking about actually. Uh, so, u, but, uh, I feel so much better. I'm so thankful. My throat feels fine. So, I'm so thankful to God for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else have a testimony in your heart this morning? Amen. Mr. Chie, thanks. Yeah. He's just 35 minutes from there. and he was in town just blessed a more rural community. Yeah. Living there more peaceful. Yeah, I could see that for him. Yeah, I could see him definitely wanting something like that for sure. The Lord just beautiful each one. Amen. Wonderful. That's great. Praise the Lord. Anyone else? Well, this is Dennis and then Danny and then my wife. Go ahead. I believe the Lord is showing me, maybe some of you as well, that he's in the little things. He's mindful of all that we have need of. I was uh sorting out my my pills and supplements and and I dropped a pill and I got my flashlight and I couldn't find it. So I sat in my chair and I prayed, "Lord, leave me." And I feel I have a dog that's quicker than lightning. Oh yeah. And so uh he wasn't around, thank God, at that time. And I looked down there was wonderful prayers. Amen. Could have killed the dog. whatever it was. Yes. Um there's a new female neighbor that lives upstairs. She moved in. So, she was at the patio and I decided just to go say hi and introduce myself and uh I took her to my apartment to show her how I clean my floors. Then I said, "This is I'm a Christian." She goes, "Oh, I'm spiritual." So I showed her picture of Jesus Christ and as soon as she saw it, she said, "Will you pray for me?" I said, "Sure, I'll pray for you." So, you know, she was taken by the spirit I have in my Amen. I felt good. Wonderful. That's great. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wonderful. Be influenced. Yes. Amen. Well, I just want to thank God for helping me I had a really bad wreck. Wrecked my car. And um the amazing part is it happened so quick. If anybody's ever been a wreck, and I've never been in one that bad. And my car was still grappled when I got out of the way. And um my airbag hit me really hard. And when the police got there, they were checking on me. I thought, I'm fine. But my mouth was bleeding and I didn't even know it. So it had just split the bottom of my lip, but they thought it was my teeth. But they said, "Your teeth loose." I said, "No, I'm fine." So I got some water and rinsed it out and that cut just went away. Amen. They looked at my mouth and said, "Maybe you need stitches." They said, "We don't see anything." So they don't know where the blood came from. So then I got out, my arms were completely red. It looked like the skin had all scraped off. And so they said, "I think we need to call medics." I said, "No, I'm fine. Just give it a minute." They came back and it was completely gone. Amen. And they were like, "What happened?" And they said, "I don't know." I said, "When I hit," I said, "Jesus." And that's all I remember. Amen. and they said, "Whoa, there's something to that." So, everything that could have went wrong didn't. But the other thing that happened was when the airbag puffed, whatever that chemical is, they say it's an explosive, it got up my nose and down my throat. It made me so nauseous. But in that wreck, the water bottle didn't even fall. So, I was able to take it and spit out water and I blew my nose and I was fine. So, I'm thankful all that that was just happening within that split second. police kept going, "Are you okay? Are you okay?" I was like, "I'm fine." I kept telling I'm fine. I said, "We need your paramedics." It'll be okay. Just let me get out. So, I got out, walked around like, "You're better than the lady that was behind you that I hit." I said, "Well, God helps, you know." So, every time I had a chance, I told him that. Amen. And so, then, of course, I had to sight somebody for the accident. Usually, the person and they were more apologetic for giving me the ticket than anything like Sorry to do this, but something has to take blah blah blah. That's okay. Everything's good. You're still okay. But they couldn't believe they said, "Let me see your arms again." So I showed him again and all those spots. I'm just thankful. And the other thing is my husband was in town because I've never been in a wreck. I didn't know what in the world. I called him. I said, "I don't know what to do. What am I supposed to do?" And I already moved the car out of the intersection. Sometimes they say leave it there, but I was on a right there in front of Whole Foods where super busy can't get out and try to do anything and they didn't say anything about so he was home so he was accidentally been in the town. I hardly ever work in town. Y'all know that very seldom. But two weeks in a row now. And and this week there was so little to do around the place that it was no big deal that I left. I told him, I said, "I guess you're hard up for guys, huh?" He said, "Yeah, we're really struggling because it was just it was hard to find anything for the few guys that was there to do." So it was no big deal. But I left and I happened to be in town and uh be you think about that's uh a not good scenario that could play out. But then you look at uh how that was was to play out and realize the hand of God in all of it. Even though it was a wreck and you tear your car up, God was in all of it. So just when you look, you can see God. Amen. You can see him everywhere. Amen. It's just a miracle. I'm Yeah. So very thankful to the Lord for that. Amen. anyone else? Plus, Michael was out of town. Micah usually if I'm out of town, Micah's usually in town and he's was works right there across the street, but he was out of town, too. So, it just uh or wasn't available. Yeah, I wasn't working. So, yeah, he wasn't working. So, it just it just was so perfect. Amen. So, just thankful to the Lord for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's go over song number 523 then. Amen. We'll sing this. This is the evening time. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe with all my heart. This is the evening time, saints. Amen. We'll see the chorus [Music] first. This is the evening time. It's later than you think. The Lord is preparing now for her Lord to me. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. He that has an ears to hear. The evening time is here. The God of this evil age has blinded the eyes today of people who walk their own way not according to God's word denying the things he's done of sending his only son, accepting the creeds of men, rejecting the word of God. Yes, this is the heing time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. He that has an ear to hear. The evening time is here. There's darkness throughout this land. This world just can't understand. A prophet has walked this land proclaiming the way to God. If you would be saved today, then follow the word he gave. Leaving the word of God. This is the evening time. Oh yes. Amen. This is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to be. And all things are ready now. The breath through my hear. He that has an ear to hear. The evening time is here time. Yes, this is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to be. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. He that has an ear to hear. The evening time is here. Yes. He that has an ear to hear the evening time is here. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So thankful to the Lord God. We can realize and see by the manifestation of God's spirit, his word that we are living in the evening time. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. for this the evening time of uh the world, the evening time of everything that we've known. This is the evening time. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's stand to our feet if we could. Then we're going to go ahead and change the world of the service. Amen. So thank the Lord revealed his word to us again. Shine his light upon our pathways. Yes. Amen. we could stand on his promises today. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I'm going to go back to Romans chapter 8. Amen. For the third part of the manifested sons of God, adoption part 14, manifested sons of God, part three. Uh it would be a little simpler maybe that wouldn't have to have as many parts, but I try not to keep the services too awful long. around 50 minutes to an hour or something like that unless I feel led differently. But um just under normal conditions, I try to keep it a little bit lower. So to split it up, just takes a little bit more time. So I apologize for that. But uh we just try to get to the things the Lord has given us to try to share with you. So trust it's a blessing to you. Romans chapter 8. Amen. We're in adoption part 14, manifested sons of God part three now. Amen. But before we read, could just we just bow our head just for a little word prayer. Lord Jesus, very thankful again, Lord, of your grace and mercy to us. Your presence in our lives, Lord. Lord, God, how could we ever overstate the importance of your presence in our lives every day? So many of the testimonies that we've heard, Lord, and things that's been done in our lives, Lord, and the things that's gone on, even just this week, Lord, God, you're just so mindful of us, Lord. We love you so much. We know you love us, God. We love you because you love us. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for your blessings, Lord, for being with us and never leaving or forsaking us. Thank you for your word. Thank you for this time of fellowship, Lord. Bless these people now, God. And we just pray that you'd speak through these lips, the word you'd have us to hear, and all of our ears, Lord, to receive what you'd have for us today, knowing it'll not return void, but accomplish in it that that you'd have it to today. We thank you for it now. We pray that you'd help those that weren't able to make it. We just commit the remaining part of this service, this very important remaining part of the service into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Romans chapter 8. Uh let's we'll read one verse and let you be seated. Um verse 19 again. For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. But I don't want to stop there. We're just not to keep you standing, but uh I want to continue on from that verse because the part I want to get to in today is going to involve as much or more of the rest of the verses down to 23 uh than what we did last week or even the week before. So we'll continue on from here if we can. Now Romans chapter 8 verse 19 back again. for the earnest expectation of the creature cre creation waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. We've already went back to the creation and talked about that which we will go into more today. Found out as we saw how it fell uh and how God cursed the ground creation not not the man he created. Amen. although he was given uh uh a lesser place because of the fallen nature at that point but he but God cursed the ground. Amen. So uh recognizing that all of creation then would be waiting for that manifestation of the sons of God bringing back to the place that Adam was at the beginning. That's what creation is wanting. great creation. All of God's creation is wanting it to come back to where it was at that place at that time before the fall. Amen. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who had subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption. So the creation is also in the bondage of corruption. into the glorious liberty, which we'll talk about in a minute, into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to it, that is to say, the redemption of our bodies. Amen. Amen. Now, I want to go back over to Genesis, try to finish a little bit that we left off from last week, but also uh delve into a little bit more of this creation and recognizing the creation. A lot of times we talk about man and humanity and the bride and uh us going to heaven and us getting to our rightful position and uh getting in in a glorified body and all those things that we talk about the promises of God's word and all that's wonderful and we look forward to that and I'm thanking God for the promise of his word because every promise God bring to pass and he will not fail on that promise. Amen. Uh but it also is an understanding that when we look at the millennium and when we look at beyond this mortal time after God destroys all of sin when God destroys all the degradation everything off of this earth sin even into the atmospheres that after that will be brought back to that place of perfection like it was to be or was in the garden of Eden before the fall to bring back to that place. So, not only us, when you think about that, but all of the creation that we know of is going to come back to that place again. And we don't think about it, I guess, maybe a whole lot because you get so used to living here in this uh uh in this world and going to a zoo and seeing the lions caged up because if the lion wasn't caged up, he would kill you or the animals around him. And seeing other things like that that that keep them under control or or they will kill. But it's it's weird to think that when you get to that place, it won't be like that. There'll be no cages. There'll be no need for cages. Amen. There'll be no need uh for uh the tiger won't have the nature, the desire to come and kill a gazelle uh or to kill you or anything like that. Those things uh won't be it'll be all of creation will be back to its perfection. And how beautiful it is to see. I got a quote here that I wanted to read that I've read before, but uh it's been a while uh that brother Ram talked about even this beautiful Arizona that we that we enjoy. Amen. Brother Ram talks about that he was living in at the time, too. But a lot of times we we just forget that that all of creation, all of God's creation is growing and waiting to get back to that place of perfection. Now, let's go over to Genesis again, chapter one. Amen. And I want to read through this a little bit again. We're not going to read the whole thing again, but uh bits and pieces of it if we can to try to draw our thought here again of of the creation. Amen. And and the importance of this manifested sons of God and the importance that the manifested sons of God are to adoption. Amen. And the correlation of that manifested sons of God getting to that place of adoption. Amen. Now, ninth verse, Genesis 1:9. And God said, "Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. And God called the dry land earth, and the ga uh and the gathering together of the waters called ye seas. And God saw it, and it that it was good. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass." Amen. Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth. And it was so God's botney lifeite that God had created. All of the seed, the things that that we know that grow out of the ground. Amen. Now, everything that God created came from the earth. Everything, even us, we came from the earth. Yes. Amen. animals came from the earth. The grass comes from the earth. But only the botney life actually literally continues to grow from the earth. Amen. Animal life doesn't. Animal life uh reproduce by procreation. Amen. Human life does not grow out of the ground. Uh we reproduce by now we do by procreation. Amen. So botney life was the only life that actually reproduced based on the seed that was in itself falling back into the this earth. Amen. And we know that uh brother Ram talked about the bedding ground of a woman's womb uh receiving seed. And of course so the process is the same but not the literal earth that we stand on like botney life does. And this body of life had its seed within itself upon the earth to bring forth after its kind. Amen. Now 12th verse. Uh and the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind. And the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And the evening and the morning were the third day. Now let's drop down to the 20th verse. 20th verse. mouth. And God said, "Let the waters bring forth abundantly, the moving creature that hath life, the fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven." And God created great whales. Amen. And every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, the earth, the waters brought forth abundantly. You notice you read through, you see when it it talks about the earth bringing forth abundantly, the waters bringing forth abundantly. Amen. Amen. Uh people talk about creation and um uh and the ability to be and man's becoming so smart they can recreate things and and and delve into the secret of life and uh have what they call cloning and stuff like that. Uh but a cloning has to be done based on something that already exists. Amen. God took this from nothing and made something. All man can do is take what God created and reproduce it the best to the best of their ability if they can like that. But the only way uh that you can have grass is to take is to go to the Home Depot and get a bag of seed and put it in your yard. Where' the seed come from? Seed came from grass. Where' the grass come from? Grass come from God. Again, which was first, the chicken or the egg? The chicken was first because God created and from the earth. From the earth, that's the very important part to understand about the manifested sons of God. From the earth came forth these animals. From the water came forth the whales that God created. God created great whales. every living creature that moved which which the water brought forth abundantly. So God created based on what he had already put here. Amen. He didn't take something else. He took the earth and created that cow. He took the water, created the whale. From the water come the animal. From the earth come the animal. From the from the earth come the botney life. And every wing foul after his kind, the birds. And God saw that it was good. Amen. And God blessed them. God blessed them saying be fruitful and multiply. Now this is something that God did not tell the botney life. God did not go in creation of body life and tell body life to multiply and replenish. He didn't tell the body life that. Right. Amen. Amen. Because body life had the seed in itself that as it grew to maturity, it dropped its seed back in the ground which continued to reproduce over and over again. Amen. But now in the animal life, he told the animal life to multiply uh be fruitful and multiply, fill the waters in the sea and let the foul multiply in the earth. Amen. So the animal has a different commission at that point uh to that degree than the botney life does. And the evening and the morning were the fifth day. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind." The earth bring forth, Amen. the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle and creeping thing, and the beast of the earth after his kind. And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and everything that creepeth upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And God said, "Now let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Dominion is rule over. Amen. This is where brother Vanom got the understanding of Adam being an amateur god or a little god or a god of the earth. Adam was the god of the earth because he was given dominion over the earth and everything about it. Amen. Let him have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over the cattle, over all the earth, every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. Amen. He had rule over. He had control over. Amen. So God created man in his own image in the image of God created he him male and female created he them and God blessed them and God said unto them be fruitful and multiply. Now he give the he give human life the same commission as he gave the animal life. Be fruitful and multiply. Amen. Br be fruitful and multiply. But now body life was brought forth with just seed in itself to drop on the earth to bring forth more life. But the animal life was given a a spirit. Amen. That the that the botney life did not have. It was given a spirit. So he said multiply and replenish the earth. But now human life was not was not only given a spirit but a soul. Amen. or a nature that that uh uh that brought forth how that human was to be what kind of uh uh a person human they were supposed to be by the nature of their spirit. Amen. That's why the animal uh uh a an animal can just go out and live any kind of life and have no shame. Right? uh they they can walk around and just scavenge anywhere and do whatever they want and uh procreate in public or whatever they want to do because they have no shame. There's no there there's nothing there to control that animal uh animal nature or animal spirit because they all they have is a spirit. They don't have a soul. The soul is the control tower. The control tower is what runs the morality of a human being. Supposed to run the morality of a human being. See, and at the beginning when when man uh well, we can finish uh going through this. He gave man multiply and replenish. Just go back to the word. I'll get back to my thought. Replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of sea, over the foul of the air, and over every living thing that moveth on the earth. God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of the earth, and every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed. To you it shall be for me, and to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat." And it was so. So God made sure that the animal life and the human life was able to sustain life based on botney life. Amen. And it was life that was to bring life. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh and God saw everything that he made. Behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. And then uh where am I missing? Let's see here. Amen. Now, uh, second chapter, seventh verse. It's my last verse. Now, let's just skip over. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground. Because you remember when God created man, he created him a spirit man. Yes. Amen. Because God was man was just a spirit then because he created him in his likeness which is spirit. God's a spirit, right? So, he created a spirit. Male and female, the the same masculine and feminines were in that spirit. Amen. But now God is forming man. Man man God formed man of the dust of the ground. Just like he brought forth from the the animal he brought forth out of the ground. Out of the dust of the ground. He did the same thing of man. The God formed the man out of the dust of the ground. But now God in the man breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul. Amen. Amen. Again, what set apart apart botney life from animal life was he put a spirit in the animal. Amen. And and had them procreate to multiply and replenish the earth. Now he's separating the man above all after he gave them dominion over obviously. Now he's giving man and breathing God his God's own breath, the logos, God's own breath into the man to make that man a living soul. Amen. Amen. Now the man has a soul. Now the man has a control tower, man. Now the man has a nature to control everything about his spirit and his flesh because the soul is what controls the spirit and the flesh. Amen. It It's supposed to. Anyway, you look around today and you think uh it seems like the other way around. Uh it's supposed to be that the man is supposed to be ruled soul first, spirit second, flesh last. Amen. And it seems like today uh people in humans are flesh first and who cares about the rest, right? Uh it's flesh first soul. I have a soul. They don't seem to have any shame. They don't seem to care that they do things that are immoral and it doesn't bother them. Uh but there is a control tower in there that that clicks that realizes. uh otherwise they wouldn't worry about doing it at night or doing it in where people can't see them or uh something like that. So you know they they must have some kind of shame. Of course they got a soul. Every human born had a soul were 10 million worlds. Everyone every man. Amen. Animal does it breathed in them by God to become a living soul. But we recognize everything all of God's creation. That's why it says all of creation, we just read, even us, it said, who's received the first fruit of the spirit grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God, waiting for this to come to pass because everything in the earth was perfect as God spoke it and created it, right? It was perfect. But it all came from the earth. Amen. But now when man lost and fell. When man fell, he lost all that he had, all that he was, all the promise of God, he left, he lost into the hands of Satan. Amen. All of it, he lost it into the hands of Satan. Remember, we know that he was that that the only people on the earth, we said last week, was supposed to be created was supposed to be spoken word just like God did it. Yes. It was all supposed to be just the way God did it in the beginning. And God spoke and formed man and was given in the book of life, the lamb's book of life. Amen. To me, I've not found anywhere where brother Brandham said it. not found anywhere in the scripture that says it. But to me, we we went through the book of life and lamb's book of life a long time ago over at quarterl. Uh but there because there's a difference in the book of life and the lamb's book of life. Amen. One's contained in the other because everyone that's in the book of life, last book of life also got came into the book of life because we were born as human beings, right? And because God holds life so precious, every name, every life is recorded in the book of life. Amen. But would there have been a need of the book of life? Again, I haven't found brother Brandham said this, but uh I'm trying I I hope I'm not venturing without authority, but to me, it seems like what would have been the need of the book of life until after the fall? Because everyone that was to come forth was whose names were in the lamb's book of life. Amen. And that's all that was ever supposed to be here, right? In the perfect condition, in the perfect world. Now, when God's perfect will came forth, there was a lamb's book of life. When God's permissive will came forth, man fell and man began to come forth by procreation. And man and woman could just pro procreate and and another human come forth because that was the law of God. They tapped into the law of God and another human come forth just because a man and a woman could procreate. Then came a book of life because birth began. Yes. It wasn't supposed to be that way. But it began, it started that way when man fell. So then there was a book of life. Amen. Why? Because every person that was born of a woman was born in sin, shaped iniquity, come to world speaking lies. Even Cain and Abel. Even Abel being from the seed of Adam was still come with a fallen nature, born in sin, shaped iniquity, come to the world, speaking lies. Even Abel was, we know about Cain. Cain was of that wicked one. So we know what his nature was about. But that nature was still the same, but it still came into this world. And every human after that then came into a book of life. Not lamb's book of life, but a book of life. Amen. who whose whose every name that's ever born is on that book of life. Right? Amen. Now, only the only the names the lamb's book of life was was God's perfect will to be created as it was spoken just the way he did it out of the dust of the ground. It is time for Newton Bennett to come forth. Boom. There creates out of the dust of the ground and be created just like it was uh in the beginning as God created the way it was supposed to be. Amen. But when man fell, he fell back into that animal nature again. Look what brother Brown said. Questions and answers on Genesis. He said, "And you take the Holy Spirit off of a man, then he's lower than an animal, right? Worse than an animal." Now, how how can a human be worse than an animal? He can do animalistic things to be like an animal, but what makes him worse than an animal? Because the man has a soul, right? He has a control tower. He has a guard. He has something that is supposed to keep him, stop him, uh a a a moral compass that he's supposed to live by. And when he ignores that moral compass and he falls into the human into the anim animalistic nature, it literally makes him worse than the animal because the because he's doing this anim animalistic nature, but the animal doesn't have a soul to control him. But the man does, right? The animal doesn't know any better, but the human does. Right? And if you know better and you still do it, as brother Dennis said in his prayer, to know to do it and not do it is iniquity. Amen. But the the animal can't create can't commit iniquity because it doesn't know any better. It doesn't have a soul. All it has is its animal spirit, nature. That's all it has. That's all it knows to do. And that's how it lives its life. dog, cat, horse, uh monkey, gorilla, uh deer, doesn't matter. That's how they live their life. But the human is supposed to have a moral compass to know what is right and wrong, to know what is good and bad, to know what is the things they should and shouldn't do. Animals don't have that. So when they act like an animal, Yes. and they know better, it makes them worse than an animal. Yes. Because they know better. That's what brother Brandham said. He's lower than the animal. He's worse than the animal, right? Because he acts like the animal, but he should know better because he has a soul, something to control that. Amen. But now when Adam lost that, now remember when Adam lost, he had Adam had everything under his control. I can't remember if I have that quote here or not, but Adam had everything under his control according to the scripture, domain over everything. He could speak, he could name, he could say. Bible says he God brought forth all the animals and whatever Adam named them, that was their name, right? Amen. Whatever it was, and he had dominion over that. If he's sitting there and the and it got a little warm in the day, which I I don't imagine it would have gotten warm there and the perfect condition that the Garden of Eden was, but if he if if Adam was sitting there and he wanted that uh oak tree from over there to come over here next to him, all he had to do is ask. Yes. Or tell it and not even ask. Just say tree, you come said plant over here. Right. and the tree even to the point of the scripture we read last week said you if you had the faith as the grain of a mustard seed you can say to that mountain I always point to Mount Lemon but you say to that mountain be moved amen and it has to move if you have faith the greater luster how be it these things only come by prayer and fasting but see that faith that that that promise is still real today. Yes, Jesus let us know. It didn't go away because of that. It was diminished because human fell. And when humans fell, they lost their faith, it got degraded. Anyway, uh but Jesus come along and reminded us that if you have the faith to gra seed, you can move that mountain. Well, Adam had that in the very beginning before the fall. Oh tree, you come move. Come plant right here. come over next to me. He could tell that the the the tiger, "Come over. I'd like to pet you. I' I need a nice pillow right now or something. Lay down and snuggle up next to him." Whatever it was, he could he could do that. He had control. He had the book of life in the lamb's book of life in his hand. All the names that was on it, the the book of redemption was in the hands of the man that God had created in the beginning and put in charge of all of it. He gave him the book of redemption. It was his to have. There would have been no need. You say, "What about Jesus?" Would have been no need for Jesus if there had never been a fall. Right? So you talk about he is the redeemer. He is the kinsman. He absolutely is. But it wouldn't have been necessary for him to have come if it wasn't for the fall. So Adam, his original son, Adam's uh the first Adam as the Bible calls it, the first Adam had that in his control in his hands. That book of life. He had dominion over all the earth. God said, "I give you this earth. It's yours." Amen. Botney life, animal life, it's all yours. You can have dominion over whales, over the birds. It it it's all your all your earth. You are the amateur God. You are God of the earth. I've put it in your full control. But when Adam fell, he lost all that. Right? He lost all of inheritance because God could not trust someone in that condition to be able to redeem from that point on. Amen. And there was nobody that could until the perfect son of God, Jesus Christ, came uh and and and through a woman came to uh uh squaltch, if you will, the the curse that was in the beginning where everyone from there came by procreation and through a woman, right? Amen. There had to be that perfect one come in. But Adam was given that control. It was in Adam's charge. When Adam fell, he lost it all. He lost the book of redemption because he couldn't hold it anymore. He was he was in a sinful condition. And there's no sinful condition can can can take that book of life and redeem. Amen. The only one that Adam was able to redeem, if you will, was his own wife. Yes. He went out there to become one of her so God wouldn't kill her. Right. But other than that, in his fallen condition, he could not redeem anybody. So he he lost the book of redemption. Yeah. Cuz he was no longer in a place to redeem. Amen. So but but the the book couldn't go in the filthy hands of Satan who he lost it to. So this book went back into the hands of God. Right? And we find this book over in Revelation chapter 5 where he's holding the book, sitting on the throne, holding the book, and the book is closed because nobody was worthy to come and open the book of redemption to bring forth those names. Those those names are on the lamb's book of life. Again, nobody could do it. That's why John wept. Nobody was found worthy. John himself not worthy. Moses not worthy. Uh Paul not worthy. Nobody was found worthy. So John wept. Yes. Amen. And they said, "Behold the lamb of God." Amen. Don't weep, John. For the lion of the tribe of Judah had prevailed. Praise the Lord. Now, we had a reason for that kinsman redeemer. Jesus has prevailed to come and to take the book. Yes. No one could even look at the book up to that point. Not even look at it. He could come and he took the book. Yes. And he broke the seals and he opened the book so that every life that was contained in that book now could come forth as redeemed before God. Praise the Lord. No wonder that when Jesus said it was finished. Amen. Oh, there was things that he had to still be done. But at that point, it all authority, all the power, everything was given into his hands to be able to take control of it. Yes. Amen. And to take that book and to break those seals and to open that book, and expose that every name, praise God. Amen. I can look in that book and it might not necessarily be Newton Bennett, but I know it's me. Amen. Amen. Cuz my name's in that lamb's book of life. Yes. Amen. I believe yours is too. That's why Brother Brandham said, "You should be able to find your name in this book." Yes. You should be able to see it when God's talking to you personally. Put your name in there. Amen. Why? Your name was in there anyway. The book of life, the the book of redemption, your name is in there anyway. Yes. Praise the Lord. So, your name is in there. You should be able to see your name in there. Yes. Because the lamb took the book and opened it. Yes. And now the names now the redemption plan is complete because all these names come forth. That's the way it was to be in the beginning. Yeah. All those names were supposed to come forth. Well, we come forth. We come forth by procreation then. Yes. Amen. Through man and woman come in the world speaking lies. But still the names the lamb's book of life. That doesn't change. That was from before the foundation of the world friends that your name was put on the lamb's book of life. Yes. That could not change. But when God came when Jesus came forth and opened that book then all the names that that were there came forth. But Adam so Adam lost that. But now when he lost the earth and he lost the dominion of the earth, it didn't change that man could have dominion over the earth yet. But he was no longer the god of the earth because he had lost it to Satan, the one he had lost it to. That's why we live in Satan's Eden. That's right. He lost this earth and everything about it he lost to the devil. Well, then no wonder no wonder all of creation then is groaning and waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Yes, because everything botney life, animal life, human life, the whales, the birds were all created out of this earth. Well, if this if everything was created out of this earth and this earth was lost to the devil, then everything that that was in it or part of it was now in his control. Right. And now we see it in the fallen condition that it's in today. Yes. Even human life in its fallen condition like it is today. That's why we see it that way because all of creation was done that way. Now you see humans now acting lower than the animal, worse than the animal. Amen. Look at this. In the breach message, brother said, "Oh my, now the forfeited title deed is now in the hands of the original owner, Almighty God. The title deed which we spoke of the title deed to the earth the etern and eternal life when Adam forfeit it Satan's dirty hands could not take it so it went back to the original owner God himself going to find out here in a few minutes he talks about the throne in the hands of God we read that or we talked about Revelation 5 you can go read that title deed of a of eternal life abstract title deed of eternal life Adam forfeited for wisdom instead of faith went back in the hands of the original owner almighty God what a great thing. He said, "What is it doing now in the hands of God? Waiting for redemption claims." Praise the Lord. Waiting for redemption claims. Well, now what is all of creation? Waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. That is to with the redemption of our bodies. The completion is that redemptive claims, the redemption of our mortal bodies, the changing of our mortal bodies, the changing of our addresses. Amen. From earth to heaven. Amen. He made a way of redemption. He made a way back. And someday the redeemer is going to take it back. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's talking about abstract. When sin's been confessed, falls in the blood of Jesus. Gives the abstract right back to the creator again. Becomes you become a son of God. Its redemption. Now look at this. Its redemption means all legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. He said, "Oh my, what thou ought to do to born again Christian, it's legal possession to the abstract deed, title deed of eternal life means because your name is in the blame's book of life. Your name is in that book of redemption means that you now possess everything that Adam and Eve lost." Amen. Praise the Lord. What did we just say Adam had control over? Amen. Now it belongs to you. Yes. All that he lost now belongs to us. You possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. No wonder Jesus could say if you at the faith grand of a mustard seed say this mountain move and it has to be moved. Cast into the sea. No wonder he said that. Amen. Because it's in the possession of those whose names are in the lamb's book of life. Your name if you're a believer. If you're a Christian, if you're a born again Christian, if your name's in that lamb's book of life, if your name is in that book of redemption, it belongs to you. Yes. Amen. Then what do we run from the devil for? What do we fret when things like this happen? Why is it drive us crazy when uh things are sickness or something happens? Why why is it that we we get so scared and worried? God's always protecting you. List the testimonies we've had just in the few testimonies had here today of God's protection and leadership. Yes, he's help. He's always there. His angels who camped around about those who fear him. Amen. What What is there to fear then? Everything Adam and Eve lost is now in your possession. We just got to take it by faith and use it. Take it like brother Brandham did when he was up in the Sabino Canyon and that sword came into his hand and he said, "Now it takes the faith, the hand of faith to drive that sword to the heart of the enemy." Yes. Praise the Lord. It takes that sword of faith. The sword is the word that word of that sword of faith to drive it to the heart of the enemy. It belongs to you. It's your possession. It's ours. Everything he lost belongs to us. Now you can say tree move. Amen. Amen. We have control. Brother Random going Brother's going across a field. Amen. And a killer bull comes and faces him head on. Right. He reaches for his gun because he's a human. Yeah, the prophet of God is human. He reached for his gun. That's the first thing any of us would think. That's the first thing I would think. Amen. I'm about to die and I'm going to use what I've got to kill him first. So, he reached for his gun first. Gun. He left it back in the truck. He had nothing. He could not run to where he was going. It's too far away. He could not run to go back where he came from. Too far away. That bull would have gotten him. So, he stood there in a precarious position. What is he going to do? What would any of us do? Amen. Faced with death, what would you do? Staring that bull, snorting, coming out of his nose. What would you do? A a hoof going back just ready to charge, ready to take him out. What do you do? He said, then a spirit came over him. A spirit of love. And instead of wanting to kill and shoot the bull, he loved him. This is God's creation. Let's go back to where it was when Adam was in control of it. Amen. That's why all creation is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. Amen. Instead of wanting to kill him and shoot him, he said, "Bo, I'm I'm paraphrasing, of course. I'm sorry I've crossed your land. I've trespassed on your land. I apologize, but there's someone over here that needs prayer. I'm going to go pray for that person. Would you just let me pass and I won't disturb you anymore? Something like that. He said that bull just went over, laid down, just curled up and laid down on the ground. Brother ran and walked over, went over to prayed for the lady, and came back. Amen. That bull was ready. That's again, that's why they put tigers and lions in cages at zoos. Okay. If they don't, right? That bull's ready to kill him. But a manifested son of God stood there and God took control of the situation. Love came and conquered every bit of hate, every bit of desire to destroy, even control an animal who has not a soul to go over and lay down and let him go by. What's it going to be like, saints? Amen. It's getting back. We're going back to that place. Yes. You said, "What? You you you can't let the lion out and tell them, you know, uh, I beg your pardon given the circumstance, given the situation. Why you think Jesus come walking across the water to the boat?" He had dominion over the waters. Yes. Over the seas. Why do you think Peter was able to do it? He had enough faith at least for that moment to do it himself. Right? Praise the Lord. Amen. Help us to recognize we are those people. We are a part of that bride. We are a part of that whose names are in that book of lamb's book of life, that book of redemption. We are those ones who have that control. It's in our authority. Praise the Lord. Belongs to us. I I I just you know I just everything that Adam and Eve lost is in our possession now. Praise the Lord. Think of all he did. Could speak, could name, could say, he could uh do what he wanted. It was it was in his life. But he did it only according to the will of God. The purpose of God that God put it in him. Amen. Amen. Look at this. marriage and divorce. Now the world is to re be repopulated not by now brother Random even said repopulated not by the original creation of God like it was at the beginning God's creation not by the original creation but by sex desire you said now that takes the beginning doesn't it in the beginning there was only one man one woman one male one female but when she crossed that line and brought this sin now this world is to be repopulated again by sex not by creation. See where the woman he sees is now populated today through the woman. That's the reason Jesus had to come through the woman to bring it back to its original beginning again without the sex desire but a virgin birth. Praise the Lord. The beginning of the breaking of the curse and the original sin from the Garden of Eden. Amen. We know the finish of that will be in the millennium, right? The finish of that curse will be in the millennium where God lets a man live for a thousand years because man's never lived one day with God, a thousand years on the earth since the fall, right? 969 is as close as they got with Methuselah. But not no man has lived 1,000 years because of the curse. Well, the millennium will finish that. Jesus here started it. Amen. Jesus come through a virgin birth through a woman to break that sin. Amen. Now he said, "But hallelujah, there will come a time where it won't be no more sex, but God shall call his children." That's what he's getting to now. That God will call his children from the dust of the earth back like they was in the original. Not through a woman, but creation. Amen. Praise God. But through the molding of the clay, the cosmite, petroleum, he will create again like he did Adam at the first. That's the way it's going back to. Yes. No wonder. Again, it just brings us back to the to the understanding and thankfulness. No wonder all of creation is groaning, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God because we're trying we're getting back to that place. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. First seal, let me read this. In the first seal, I won't keep I won't stay too much longer. said, "Notice here, uh, he took his bride, but when, uh, them boys come down to buy food." Oh, such a beautiful picture. Uh, he's talking about, um, um, uh, Jacob and his sons and Egypt and the the u the, the famine in Egypt and Joseph being down there and the boys going to the others going to buy food. That's the story he told me. It was such a beautiful picture. I'm off this hill, but just to say it cuz you'll get the picture better, I believe. Notice now when they come down to buy food, you notice Joseph recognized them right away. Amen. Because Joseph was already in Egypt. He was second in control, second in command. Joseph recognized him right away. And Joseph was the son of prosperity. No matter where he went, it always prospered. Amen. He said, "You wait." Look at this now. Why creation's waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God? He said, "You wait now till he comes to earth again. Wait till our Joseph comes." Jesus Christ, not Joseph Brown, which a lot of people put him in there. Jesus Christ, not Joseph Brown. So, you're watching. It's Amen. Wait till Brother Bam says, "Wait till our Joseph's come." But he's talking about Jesus Christ. The desert shall blossom as a rose. The desert shall blossom as a rose. And the son of righteousness rising with healing in his wings. Oh my. All that cactus over here around Arizona will unfold into beautiful trees in there. Amen. The Lord. Amen. Now, that's a great promise to me. I like that promise. Praise the Lord. I'm not a fan of stickers and thorns and stuff. So when they think about them unfolding into beautiful trees, I like that. Amen. It says no more curse. Sun will rise with healing in his wings. All these cactus round Arizona will unfold into beautiful trees in there. Praise the Lord. When what? Now, see, you can't you can't place this people who place Jesus coming to earth for the second uh for for this rapture is just flat wrong. Amen. Because brother Brandham even says here, according to the scripture, when Jesus comes back on earth, when he when he's here on earth, which will not be the rapture, we go to meet him in the air, right? Amen. When he comes back on the earth and he's here planted on the earth is when all this will be made perfect again. Botney life, animal life, human life will all be exactly in its perfect condition, perfect way. Praise the Lord. That's why all creation's waiting for it. Amen. That's why we're waiting for it. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Want to make sure I get there's a couple in here I wanted to make sure and to us here today. He talked, Brother Ram talked about the three stages of the earth. Now, we know, brother Ram said here that that all of God's possession was to be redeemed back again. So everything that was God's, which is everything, and that God created was to come back in his possession again. We know that the book, the lamb's book of life. We know the book of redemption could not fall into the filthy hands of Satan. So, it went back to the original owner of God. We know that we talked about Revelation 5 set in there book in his hand. And we know that all that creation, but we also know the earth, this became Satan's ego and the thorns came out and the lion wanted to kill the lamb and all these uh things that were not in the original creation. It's going to be redeemed back. has to be brought back to its original place. Amen. Now, you see what God through in uh in in his redemption plan. We know he has a redemption plan for us. We know what that three-stage redemption plan is. Amen. Repentance, baptism, and filled with the Holy Ghost. Three-step process. Justification, sanctification, Holy Ghost. We know what that process is. God has that same process for the earth. Everything else God lost. Everything else that Adam lost, I should say. Everything else that was lost in the hands of Satan has to be redeemed back the same way. Amen. Look at what brother Bram says here. Future home, the heavenly bridegroom and earthly bride. Notice the Andaluvia world which was after the fall and before the flood. He after it had repented by through he said by through the bride of that day Noah he gave it a water baptism covered it over with water. Amen. So we see that God began the process like he began the process with us to bring this earth back into his possession again. He's redeeming this earth back just like he redeemed you back. a part of the earth. He gave this uh earth a watery baptism water all o covered the whole earth. Then justification that uh showing that he's on his road to cause this fallen world from Eden back to its restoration again. People think and mock the flood. They mock a man building an ark. They mock animals coming two by two on this ark. They mock the whole world being filled with water. They mock the uh the water receiving people mock and scoff over all of these things. No way any of this can happen. But the only way that God was to redeem this by his process to redeem this earth back, he had to give it a a water baptism. Right? Amen. Justification, showing that he's on his road to call this fallen world from Eden back to restoration again. Right. Praise the Lord. Back to where it's supposed to be. Then Christ came and he shed his blood upon it. Me and Brother Dennis talked about that the other day. Amen. Shed his blood upon it. Amen. The chemistry of the blood fell into the earth. We know the life of the blood left and came back on the believer, the worshipper. But the chemistry of the blood fell onto the earth to redeem the earth back. So the part of you that you came from this earth was to be redeemed as well by the dropping of the blood of Jesus Christ. Just like the life of the blood of Jesus Christ come you today to save your soul. Praise God. Amen. God didn't want to just save your soul. All of you belongs to God. Amen. Not just your soul. All of you belongs to God. All of you is his creation. Your human life, your your flesh, your spirit, all of you belongs to God. So God dropped his blood on this earth to redeem this earth which you are a part of to bring it back into redemption again. Yes. Praise God. Now this body, even though it may go in the ground, this spirit will come back and pick up that body one day in a glorified condition. Amen. Because it still belongs to God. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. And when he did that, it also redeemed back his botney life. It also redeemed back his animal life. Praise the Lord. Everything that was God's, everything that he had created, brought it back to its life again. That's when he shed his blood and cleansed it and claimed it. Amen. It says on here that brother Brown knocked on the pull pit several times. I'll do it, too. See, that's the world that we live in now. See how Satan here in the scripture tried to make him break God's plan to receive it on the Mount Temptation. To receive it, give it to him uh when he took him up on the mountain and tried to give it him without the purchase of the blood. God's got that redemptive plan. Bring it back. Now he's getting ready to burn it all off. Now he's given it a water baptism, a blood baptism, and now a fiery baptism. Praise the Lord. Which is what the Holy Ghost then fire does. Burns out all your old nature. So the spirit of Christ, God, Christ himself can come live in you. The earth same way. Water baptism, blood dropped on. Now a fiery baptism is about to completely overhaul the entire earth. Like we said the other day, even to the point the atmospheres explode, the earth comes back to its proper uh proper axis again. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. It's it's it's it's a no wonder that the that the whole creation is growing, waiting for me, you waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Yes. Praise the Lord. You are one of them. I am one of them. All of that in my possession, all of that that was lost belongs to me. It's God's it's God's promise to me. It's God's life given to me. Amen. Adam lost his inheritance in the earth. Amen. Fell into the hands of Satan. When he fell in that fallen nature, animal life fell. Human nature fell. Man then man shifted to procreation which was original sin and began the fall to begin with. Amen. Was never God's plan. But we're getting to that place. Yes. We're getting to that place. God's calling again. Not from the dust of the earth this time. And he's taken care of that to redeem that back out of the hands of Satan. Amen. Makes you wonder if he ever if Satan had ever known all of that, he would have done what he did. It's like brother Brandham said, I had another quote here, but I'll skip that. But he talks about man getting so smart that they'll destroy themselves. And that's what man's getting to. Yes. Man's becoming so smart they're going to kill themselves. are going to destroy theirelves. They're bickering and fighting over this getting the nuclear weapon and that one having a nuclear weapon and this one using it, this one not using it. Whatever. Doesn't matter. It's all going to be burned over, destroyed, blasted apart anyway. They just I guess just trying to hold back the wrath as long as they can. But it's not going to be for much longer. Saints, I believe we're getting ready to go back home. Amen. See the bright light shine. Amen. Praise the Lord. It is just about home time. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand to our feet if we could. Oh, see that bright light shine. Praise the Lord. It is just about home time. Amen. Praise the Lord. We sing that chorus a couple times. Amen. I just love that. See that bright light shining. Looking for my family anytime. Just see father standing at the door. Amen. Looking for my loved ones to appear at any time, saints. Cuz that's how close we are. Amen. Amen. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Well, I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Yes. See the bright light shine. It's just my whole time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Let's sing it again. Yeah. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. Hallelujah. This world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. One more time now. Just see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness, but I'm ready for [Music] deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I get more and more homesick every day, saints. Praise the Lord. Every day, more and more. I'm looking forward to that time. Amen. Amen. He says, "Enter into the joys of the Lord." Was well done, my good and faithful servant. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. It's just about home time, saints. Amen. It's about time to go home. I'm looking forward to that. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you today. Pray if something was said to bless and strengthen you in some way. Take that faith with grain of mustard seed. Yes. Amen. Put that devil in his place. He has no right over dominion over you. Yes. Amen. He has no dominion over you. This might be Satan's eating now, but he has no dominion over you. Yes. Praise the Lord. Greater is he that is in us than he that is in this world. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. We'll be dismissed in a word of prayer, but um I it it is very likely that I will not be working next week. So, uh there's no schedule change, if you will. In fact, uh there's a good chance I won't work anymore until June. Um, so, uh, far as I know, I'll probably be home unless something changes. Uh, they just don't have any more work. They've run out of work for new builds. A lot of the new builds that were supposed to be coming up have gotten pushed back. Uh, so they think maybe end of June, into July, and so forth, it's going to be really slammed with new builds. But right now, we've done all our all our crews have done pretty much all the uh what they call capex's, which is pretty much repairs and stuff, major repairs to uh facilities around the country. We we've done pretty much all of them. They're all done. So, there's really no place to send us. Uh still get paid, thank the Lord. I won't get paid as much, but uh I'll get paid something. So, it's it's better it's better than nothing. Yes. So, so there's no change in church schedule uh right now. Me and my wife are going on our 40th anniversary trip. Uh we're going to leave on the 20th of May and come back on the fourth or 5th of June. I'm not sure yet. Uh maybe the fifth. We'll see. I'm kind of trying to figure out how much how long it's going to take to basically travel the northeast of the New England, which is where we're trying to go. Uh, so I'm not sure, but we're leaving the 20th, but as far as church is concerned, uh, I don't have the dates on me, but the TW from the the Sunday from the 20th to June, uh, I guess that would be 9th. Uh, we don't we're not going to have any church, so we we won't be here. So, uh, after that, whatever those dates are, I'd like to give I could text them to you too uh after a while. But um so the 20 May 25th uh Mike is going to be leaving too. Uh Mike is going on a cruise for his birth. I guess it's her birthday. He's just going on a cruise. His birthday is 26. So u so he'll be gone too, but 25th will be no service. Uh June 1st there'll be no service. Uh so two two Sundays we will be gone. Uh we'll be back on June 8th. So we'll have church obviously we'll have church next week and on the 18th but 25th and 1st there will be not there will not be any service here. So please remember that in prayer I will um mark it on your calendar whatever I will try to rem remind you the next couple Sundays maybe even text while we're gone to make sure that uh you remember that that that there won't be any service for those two Sundays. So, so I appreciate that. Please remember that. Um, and I need to get Anna's number. I need to make sure they know, too. Anna and Steve, if they're moving back to Tucson, uh, I need to make sure they know, too. I haven't got her number or his number yet. So, I want to remember, make sure they know, too. Um, so please keep that in mind. Remember that. So, Lord Rich, bless you. I got the week I got the last week of May off at work and I don't we may not even work that week anyway. I don't know. Supposed to be scheduled now to go to Wisconsin, but that could change, they said. So, we'll just wait and see what happens there. But anyway, I'll be gone. So, I'd already gotten permission to uh go because our anniversary, our actual anniversary day is May 31st and it falls on the week that I'm supposed to work. So, uh I asked the boss, the boss boss and So, um, we're okay with that. So, I appreciate that. I guess everybody saw the barber shop moved out finally. Barber shop's gone. You didn't notice? Oh, it's empty as can be. They took the sign off the front. It's all gone. So, they emptied after what we talked about last week with praying and the tattoo shop and the smoke shop and uh what I'd said about I told you what I was saying about that place. Uh, but I I've been fine with them. They haven't been I mean just they mess up the bathrooms and stuff, but anyway, but they're gone now. So, I uh I I told Craig that when it came open to let me know. He probably forgot, but I was going to try to rent that side and have that side and this side and then open the wall right there. And then you could just go to the bathrooms, close this entrance, uh lock that entrance, and just keep my office in there and make the school out here and um have a Sunday school room, but my Sunday school teacher left, so u so we probably probably won't be able to do it now. So, we'll just stay where we're at, I guess, for now. But I was kind of hoping we could get that we could have dinners and stuff and uh but anyway, Lord knows these would probably want more for that place than than we'll pay it here. But uh anyway, so we'll see what happens. just be in prayer that uh you know some people whatever comes in there are good people and not rowdy and if the Lord speaks to me to get it I'll get it just uh right now it's just not financially fe feasible but if he says get it he'll pay the bill so I don't worry about it but right now we'll see we'll see what happens so anyway but I was just surprised and we Monday we came by when I went to go pick Sonia up and we came by this way. She's like, "Hey, they're moving out." I didn't even know we came by, looked today. It's completely empty. So anyway, Lord bless you. Appreciate each of you coming and being here today. If you're watching, God bless you. Still with us. We'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Yes, sister. Next Sunday is Mother's Day. It is. Yes. Our plans are for church. Okay. Yeah, everybody, as far as I know, nobody has said anything to me, so I'm assuming. Uh, it's a lot easier to have less conflict when you have a lot less people. But, but, um, I don't necessarily like that. But, uh, but yeah, as far as I know, nobody has conflict. But yeah, next week is Mother's Day, next Sunday. So, let anybody slip anybody's mind. Anything else? Lord bless you. be dismissed in a word of prayer. appreciate love each father god we come to you close of the service father time you've given us to gather together yes worship song what you have through our pastor Lord Jesus and reminding us of so many things that we've heard before but just that we continue to apply it and take it to our hearts and our our lives Lord Jesus and share it with our families and our friends people that would come across and like Danny said just to to be Christians and have have a spirit about us and where we go that everyone knows that there's something different. Yes. Amen. Continue to be with us our needs if we're having physical, financial, mental, Lord Jesus, whatever it might be. We lay them at your feet, Lord, as we walk out this door today to come back the next appointed time. Keep us safe and we commit ourselves into your hands Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. [Music] Thank you. [Music] such [Music] [Music] great name.
