################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-16 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6152025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-16
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/15/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23VV-Q2biNk
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/15/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] How? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I feel [Music] hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Listen. [Music] the sacrificees of thanksgiving and we offer up to you. The sacrificees of joy. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you the sacrificees adore. Yes, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. and we offer up to you the sacrificees. So one more time as we stand now. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of joy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. And we bring the praise to worship and glorify him today. Amen. Hallelujah. Come to lift him up, to praise him, to glorify him, to lift our voice. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Amen. Good to see each one. Welcome to the house of the Lord today. Greet the name of the Lord Jesus. So thankful that God is with us today. Amen. Happy Father's Day, brother Dennis. All of you may be watching today. Happy Father's Day if you're father. And uh we're just so thankful for that. But we're more than thankful for in any of anything else of our father, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Father God. Amen. Best example of a father that could ever be. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So God bless you today. Then we'll just enter into the service today and uh go to him in prayer. just trust and just believe the Lord's going to meet with us in this place today. Amen. Let's bow our heads if we could. Lord Jesus, Lord, we're so very thankful again of this time, Lord, of this place. We're so very thankful, God, of your grace and mercy for leading us here today. This is the day that you've give for us to rejoice and be glad in. And we're so thankful today, God, that you've granted your grace to us once again, in this place, Lord, we know coming from out of the world and what we've had to deal with and put up with and what's happened through us, Lord, through this past week, God. We just put it all behind us, Lord, and just put you in our hearts and continue to press toward that prize, the calling of uh of Christ Jesus in our heart, Lord. God, may you just bless each one that has come, those who may be streaming. We thank you so much, Lord, for your blessings and grace to us for this service. Once again, we pray your blessings upon it, Lord. Now, I pray that you'd be with us, Lord. We rebuke any demonic spirit that would hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way that you would get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. And happy Father's Day to you, Lord. You are our God. You are our father. We love you and thank you today, Jesus. Bless us all this day as we commit this service into your hands. Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. And we're going to go over to song number 244 in the song book. We'll have it on the screen here. Amen. 244. If you're at home or watching or following along in the song service with the book there, 244, Heaven's Jubilee. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. [Music] Some glad morning we shall see Jesus in the air coming after you and me. Joy is ours to share. What rejoicing that will be when the saints shall rise headed for that jubilee yonder in the sky. Oh, what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shout rise. Oh what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed savior in the sky. see that I can almost see all the saints to dead rising forth that jubilee that is just ahead in the twinkling of an eye changing them to be all the living saints to fly to that jubilee. Well, oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning we all shall rise. Oh, what glory hallelujah. When we meet our blessed Savior in the sky. When with all that heavenly host we begin to sing. Singing in the Holy Ghost how the heavens will be. Millions there will join the song. With them we shall ride. Praising Christ to ages long. Heavens Jubilee. Well, oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shout rise. Oh what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Yes. Oh what singing? Oh, what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh, what glory? Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Amen. Hallelujah. What singing? What shouting? What praising? What worshiping? Amen. Not yonder in the sky. Amen. Looking forward to that day. Hallelujah. We go to meet our savior in the air. Praise the Lord. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Not just an acquaintance. Not just a flyby. Amen. But forever to be with him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, I was just going to sing the course of this song, but it's psalm number 15, marching to Zion, but I feel like we just sing the whole thing. Amen. Amen. Can we do that? Yes. Praise the Lord. I had this just the chorus here, but Amen. I just feel like singing the whole thing today. Can we do that? I don't know if I can sing, but I just feel like singing it. So, maybe we'll maybe we'll start with the chorus if that helps. Maybe we'll try that. Amen. Maybe we'll Maybe we will just sing the chorus. I'm looking. I'm not sure if I know it all. Amen. Amen. We'll just sing the chorus here. Praise the Lord. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're maring upward to Zion. That beautiful city of God. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion. That beautiful city of gold. Let's sing it again. Maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're maring upward to Zion. Beautiful city of God. One more time. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, that beautiful city of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Onward and upward. Praise the Lord. Amen. We don't want to go backwards. Amen. We don't want to go downwards, but we want to go forward and upward. Praise the Lord. Pressing that battle every inch of the way. Amen. Thank you, Lord. 381 now. Amen. Before we go to the Lord in prayer 381. Amen. We'll see this. This world is not my home. My my saints. The more the things that happen, the more I look around and more and see what's going on. The more I realize this is not my home. This place is not my home. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing it now. Amen. This world is not my home. I'm just passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckoned me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, dear Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door, and I can't feel at home with this world anymore. Well, they're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, dear Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. [Music] Just over in the glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand there shouting the victory. The song of sweetest praise drip back from heaven's shores. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, oh Lord, what do we do? The angels open me from heaven's open door. And I can't be at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no one like you. If heaven's not my home, dear Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoned me from heaven to open door. And I can't feel at home with this world anymore. No, I can't feel at home with this world anymore. [Music] Amen. Oh my that's the truth, saints. Amen. Amen. That is so very true. Praise the Lord Jesus. How can we feel at home in this world? Amen. This world has nothing for us. Yes. Praise the Lord. We realize that even in our hearts, in our souls, it's pulling us to a place that this is not our home. This is not where we will stay. This is not where we will rest. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Going home time. Yes. Looking forward to that time. Amen. My whole life. Praise the Lord. Just living for the Lord. Waiting for that moment that he calls us to be with him. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you today. Amen. We have a a couple prayer requests to bring to your attention. Uh, brother Dennis wrote a request here for his wife Leah. Says, "Please remember my wife Leah in prayer. She has been uh very nervous and anxious. She told me that she told me that she believes something drastic is going to take place. She doesn't know what uh what it is and she has uh surgery coming up on July 10th and that has affected her as well. Amen. So we remember Leah in prayer. Uh I have to agree with Lee. I think something very drastic is about to take place. I think some drastic things are already taking place in this world. But in the spiritual world, it's going to continue to get more and more drastic as we get to that end. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's building, building, building. Amen. If you ever put a pot of water on the stove, you see that water just sets there and it just sets and sets. You can stand there and watch it. You go by the old adab of a watch pot never boils. Well, that's not true. I have watched a pot as it started to boil. But anyway, uh it starts changing and building and building and you see a bubble here and a bubble there and pretty soon the thing is just in a full over boil and sometimes it'll even boil over if it's high enough. Amen. And we're just at that place. Amen. We're just at that place. So I have to agree with her there and we want to remember her in prayer. Amen. Uh having surgery on July 10th. So we certainly want to remember her in prayer for that as we've known that she's has that. So, we just trust the Lord for that. Amen. Also, Brother Danny text and said that uh vagrance around his apartment kind of kept him from being able to sleep last night. So, I see he stayed at home, said he was going to be streaming. I trust he is. Lord bless you. Sister Sheileia said she wasn't going to be able to make it, but streaming. So, I trust she is. Hopefully, maybe Lord willing the Pats are. Amen. And just want to remember those who aren't here. Sister Julie and Sister Lydia is in the mountains. Amen. Praise the Lord. The bioasteros, they uh uh they had their children in the vacation bible school at Grace Community Church and they had come up with a whole program for the kids at the VBS and uh they're performing that this morning. So, they went over there to attend so their children could be a part of that program. So, uh please remember them in prayer. They're not out of church, just in a different place this morning. So, uh please remember them in prayer as well. Amen. So, but we're thankful for those that are here. Just a few of us, but we're here. Amen. And so thankful to the Lord for blessing us to be able to be here. Uh last week, I wasn't sure I was. Uh it was a pretty rough week. It was hot, tiring. Uh just really hot. Got dehydrated. Uh and to boot, the elevator at the air at the uh hotel we were staying at was broken. So I had to climb four stair four flights of stairs every day to just get upstairs. And after you've walked 6, eight miles during the day and stood on your feet for 12 hours, uh being in the hot 95, 99° sun, uh going upstairs is not the funnest thing to do. Uh Monday night, uh I got so dehydrated, which is my fault. Uh I should have taken care of myself better. Uh my whole body just cramped going up the stairs. I couldn't even hardly I couldn't hardly lift my leg to go up the next step. uh just to get up the stairs. It just was so sore and hurt so bad. But I'm thankful the Lord brings us through. Amen. He never said it would be easy. He just said he would be with us. Praise the Lord. So I'm thankful that he is always with us. Yes. Amen. So appreciate your prayers for that. Amen. It was it was a good trip. The flights were good. So all about that. So thankful to the Lord for that. Amen. Anyone have a request on your heart today you'd like to bring Amen. Praise the Lord. Congestion [Music] in prayer. Lord, just touch it. She's not singing, just a few of us. But my wife hurt her back this week, too. So, she's in a lot of pain. So, spasming actually spazzing, too. But she's faithful to be here. So, that's my wife. Uh love her so much. She loves the Lord Jesus. Uh and and I and I know she loves him more than she loves me. Uh because I can tell in her life. And that means that that means everything to me. Uh I hope I show that to her because but uh she's here and so thankful for that. But please remember her in prayer. Lord will just touch that um her back. So amen. Any unspoken requests Lord. Amen. In our hearts. Let's stand to our feet if we could. Amen. Take these needs to the Lord this morning. We ask brother Dennis if you would do that for us. Lord Jesus, it's an honor once again to be in your presence. Yes, it is Lord. Lord, you're the only great one. You're the one that were in our hearts. We made that effort to be here. Not to see one another necessarily or be seen of one another. Yes, Lord. But to see you be with you, to fill your presence, to fill your power, Lord Jesus. For we know there's power in the name of Jesus. And Lord, the devil's fighting us harder than ever when we see the so many signs displaying that your coming is very close. Yes, Lord. And even brother Brown taught us, you want to know what time it is, look at a clock. Amen. You don't want to know what day and hour they're living in. Look at Israel. Israel's under attack, Father. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, what is what's going to take for some to wake up, Father? Yes, Jesus. If they're really sick, they can't make it to church, they need to make that effort. You'll bless their diligency that they'll come for special prayer. Father, this is not a time to play church. This is not a time to play games with you, Father. Speak to our hearts by Lord included. We want to be right. We want to live for you. Yes. Oh, I believe as my wife told me, "Oh, Dennis, something's going to happen." I know what it is, Lord. For the believer, it's that great day, that dawning of that day of the rapture being fulfilled. Hallelujah. And real in our lives, amen. Yes, Jesus. For we know, Father, there are some that are sick this morning. We ask that you come and see. our great healer, our Jehovah Rafa, our our absolute father that whatever we have need of, whatever we're dealing with sickness, you're are already conquered at for us at Calvary and we claim victory over the sicknesses, over Thank you, Lord. sister Norma's husband Ronnie that not feeling good and our precious sister Sonia. I know what back problems many maybe the few that are here they know what back problems are. Amen. Oh touch our sister even now. Yes. And Lord my wife been very nervous. Oh Lord just anxious. She even told me, "Dennis, I don't know if you could even go to church and Lord, you made a way this morning, but I believe, Father, that it's your will that I come and just uh pray that you'll come under scene and touch my wife's heart. Open up her uh spiritual understanding to the revelation of your word for this day. Oh, help her to be ready and all that are backsliden. If you can come to church and you didn't, you know what God is dealing with you. You are backslitting. This is your place to withhold your your presence, your Holy Spirit, your lick of fire is God has to deal with us. Help us. God has to speak to us. Yes. One of these days you won't have to worry if you refuse to get right with God. The doors of the church will be closed. My the Bibles will be left behind. Yes. The preacher, our pastor, and many of the congregation will be gone. Yes, Lord. And you wonder what is happening. Bless each and everyone that's made an effort. Uh speak to our hearts through the preaching of your word and touch each and every heart. Grant them their hearts desire those unspoken prayer requests. Father Lord grant them Lord in your name we pray. Name the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. What a wonderful time it is. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Micah has a song for us to sing today. Just pray the Lord richly bless him. Amen. As she does this. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. May God bless you. Amen. I normally have a Father's Day song that I sing this, but that one wasn't on my heart. Um, I wasn't sure why this one was. And a few minutes into the service, it hit me that song I normally sing is about us the earthly fathers being more like heavenly father but this one how great thou art is more of a celebration of our father amen yes feel free to sing along musical intro that Amen it's a blessing thank you Jesus [Music] [Music] Yes, Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Oh Lord my God with thyome wonder consider all the world thy hands I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Thy power throughout the universe. [Music] Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou. Yes. Hallelujah. How great thou are. and sees my soul. My Savior come to the [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Winds through and forest. I wonder and hear the birds singly in the trees. When I look down the rocky mountain, [Music] and I hear the roar and feel gentle grace, I saw my savior come to me. How great thou are. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. And when I think [Music] that God is somewhat scary, send him to die. I scarce to take it. had no cross my family and died. Oh yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Then sings my soul, my Savior to thee, how great thou are. [Music] How great thou art and sings my soul, my Savior to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Now with Christ shall gone. Amen. With shout of praise. You take me home where joy shall fill my heart. Yes, Jesus. Then I shall bow in adoration and I will proclaim my God. Hallelujah. Thou art this. My soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are my soul, my savior to thee. Yes, Lord Jesus. How great thou are. Jesus, how great thou art. Sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou art then sings my soul my savior to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise you, Jesus. Praise you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise God. Amen. How great you are, Lord Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Yes. What a God-honoring song. Amen. Praise the Lord. Beautiful song for Father's Day. Yes. in honor of our great father. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Wonderful. He is so great, isn't he? Yes, he is. Amen. He is so great. He was able to take me the nasty rotten person that I was. Amen. And still forgive sins. Amen. Lord, Jesus. Amen. So wonderful. I love him. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll go ahead and stand to our feet. Amen. Just get into the word after that. That's just so beautiful. Just such a good intro and feeling the spirit of God move here with us. Amen. Just believing the Lord would be here with us. Amen. Let's turn over our Bibles to chap uh to Romans chapter 8. We're going to continue on with our adoption series. Praise the Lord. Talking about a great father. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Now, Romans chapter 8, read a first few verses or we'll read a few verses of scripture. Amen. HBC Romans 8. We'll start with verse 14. Amen. Romans 8:14. Praise the Lord. Before we do, let's just bow our heads for another word of prayer if we could. Oh, how great you are, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. How great you are, Lord. Words can never even begin to describe how great you are. Yes. Our minds can't conceive it. Our hearts just can't uh can't receive it. We just can't understand it, Lord. somehow how great you really are, Lord. But we can feel it. We know God in our in our lives that you have done everything that's possible to bring us to bring humanity even Lord to those even who won't receive it. Still have the opportunity, still have the the uh uh capacity to receive it, Lord, if they just would. But Lord, it's for those who will. And Lord, we're so thankful today that you put in our hearts the desire to will, Lord, to receive the greatness that you are, the greatness that you've done. Lord, we just It's amazing how we delve into just the smallest little aspect of things in life. We we walk around sometimes like a proud peacock of all the things that we've gotten and accomplished in the word and revealing to us, Lord. And if we could just get a glimpse of how little we actually do know and how small that we really truly are, God, and how great and awesome and how tremendous, Lord, that you are, Lord, to just fathom that little bit, Lord, means so much to us. But you've given us in this life everything that we need, Lord, to get to you, Lord. Lord, to make a rapture, to make heaven our home, to be born again, to be filled with your spirit, and to go home to be with you one day. Yes. Lord, we just pray that you'd bless us, Lord. Bless this time as we change your the service now. Bless this word. Speak to us, Lord, from it. May it not return void. accomplish in it, Lord, what you sent it forth for. Whoever may hear it today, whoever may watch it in the future, God, may they be blessed by it, Lord. Not because of me or any efforts of ours, but Lord, it's because of you. Everything that you've done, all that you are and all that you've given. We commit it to you now, Lord, and ask your blessings. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. In Romans 8, we'll read beginning with the 14th verse here. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you not for you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then he hes of God and joint heirs with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be uh may be also glorified together. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, we're thankful again and we're going into a different, I guess, phase of this, if you will, or a different portion leading off of the manifested sons of God. We're now going to get into the uh subportion of the our position in Christ. Amen. Our position in Christ. So this would be adoption part 17. Position in Christ part one. Amen. And position in Christ is basically what adoption is. Your position in Christ is your adoption. Because we know that adoption is not the becoming of a son. An adoption is the placing of a son, which is uh as we've said several times, which is opposite. Of course, as we think of adoption in the natural world today, we think of adoption as the becoming of a son uh of someone adopting someone else into their family. a family adopting someone into their home and bringing them into their home and taking responsibility over that person's welfare in every way uh by the process of adoption by bringing them taking our name taking that family's name taking on that family's aspect and what that family offers and does and gives and and is everything about that family that person that comes in that's adopted becomes a part of that family. Amen. Now in that it also does allow the placement of that adoption uh in in the natural because that person comes and even though they're adopted and become a son or daughter, they also fulfill a placement in that home. They feel a placement in and so much that uh uh well it used to be in my day. I don't know how people do it today. I believe uh Tabitha does it, but uh when when you when you're raised up and you come up in a family, uh the the the the children have chores that that's what their their job is. They they they're do chores. They don't go to work and earn a paycheck and come home, but they have to take out the trash and they have to uh clean the litter box and they have to uh pick up after the dog or they have to clean the dishes or whatever it might be. mow the yard or uh pull weeds or whatever the chores. There's chores to be done. And each one each child that comes, an adopted child comes in and will f fulfill a position. It may be taking out the trash, whatever it is, something very simple. But they hold a position in that home because they belong to that family. See, the hardest part that children, I think, have today is parents don't parent their children, right? So their children don't feel a part of the family because they're not parented. They're just humans that are flailing about in the world and don't know what's up, down, which way to go. They don't have any placement. They don't have any position. They don't have any feel of accomplishment or belonging or achievement or purpose in life. So you see a lot of people just flailing around in life uh not knowing where to go or what to do. And uh probably a lot of that has to do with the drug epidemic epidemic and uh the fentanyl and the drugs and the alcohol and the uh the righteous living and all this cuz people are just lost, right? Uh our uh our job was next to a a well, it was in a commercial area, but there was a Napa a parts auto parts place right behind and where we had to park. And so we had to go into the dirt lot behind our facility to park and we'd have to leave out by that Napa every day come in and out. And uh almost every single day, almost every single time coming in or coming out, it was people laying around just homeless people, I'm guessing, just laying around in Napa on the concrete just laying there. Uh young men Micah's age uh with no purpose, with no meaning in life, completely lost, right? completely devoid of any value. They don't know what they're doing. They don't know where they're going. Their life is just ticking away moment by moment into the wasted abyss because they don't know where they're going or what they're doing. And they they probably never found a place. They probably never found a position. They never found a home. And someone that adopts a child into their home, as we've said before, can never disown that child in the United States. They can't disown them. They're part of that family. they are to they're to come in and have a placement in that home. When you come into the family of God, it's the same way. You always were a child. So, you don't become a child while you're here as in the spiritual sense. Cuz if you're a if you're a son of God, you always were a son of God. In the mind of God before the foundation of the world, you were a son of God. But you come into this world and find your place. Yes. Amen. What is your placement in that body? Amen. It's not to lie around uh on on the concrete of the Napa sidewalk, right? It's not It's not just to come in and fill and warm a pew every week, right? Or something. You're to have a place. You're to have something to do. And if people don't have that, they lose purpose. They lose meaning. And when when children aren't parented, they lose meaning. They lose purpose. U uh children aren't I'm sure there's probably homes because I've heard of it uh that that the children aren't given chores. They're not given responsibilities. They're not given placements. They're not given anything or shown anything or make them work to make them feel valued. They think, "Well, I love my child." If you love that child, you'll correct that child. You'll give that child something to do. You'll put him to work. You'll have him to where he has some value. Amen. Just letting a child flail about just makes that child feel worthless. And and people call people of the world today call that love. I love my child so I don't want them to do this or do that or whatever. That's not love. Right. Amen. Love is having them feel love to feel a po to fill a purpose to fill a placement. Amen. And that position. It may just be coming in and uh adopting that child and that and that child now uh has to take out the trash and mow the grass. That may be their place. Yeah. Uh that their place may be uh whatever it is in that home, but they have a place. Amen. They have a they have a position. They have something they're supposed to do. They didn't just come into that family just to flail about. They came into that family to contribute. Amen. And and that's the same with the spiritual life. We are everyone to be contributors. It seems like a lot of times especially in the message of course I say in the message I don't know a whole lot about the secular religious world and denominations but in the message like that it's it's all on the minister. It's all on the pastor. It's all on the ministry. And that couldn't be further from the truth saints. Amen. Because every single child of God must have their place. Amen. Must feel their place and know what that place is and be able to fulfill that place. Amen. That adoption is the placing of sons. The adoption uh that we're talking about that says here the spirit of God. See, we have received the spirit of adoption. That's that's a capital S there. That's Holy Spirit receive. So we have received the Holy Spirit of adoption. Amen. Which places us and tells us what position we're supposed to be in. May take a little time. May not be the very day that you're born again or or baptized or born again. May not be that very time. Right. Amen. It may take a little time to get to that place. I think I've told you this story before. Uh when I mentioned here a few weeks ago about when the Lord brought me into the ministry. Uh it it wasn't based on what anybody told me. It wasn't based on any prophecy. Although I I trusted them and believed that the people that did that and prophesied over me, but that wasn't that wasn't settled for me because God talks to me, right? Amen. He uses other people to talk to us. Yes. And that's not to nullify prophecy. I'm just telling you how the Lord speaks to me. Right? But then it was uh I was in the ministry. I forgot how five six years I was preaching uh and ministering uh for five six I believe it was six years. Uh and I didn't know finally somebody come up and said, "Well, brother, what what do you feel your calling is?" I said, "I'm a minister." "No, what is your placement?" "I don't know. uh at the time I hadn't even thought about the the the placement of uh apostles and evangelists and teachers and and pastors. I didn't even thought about that, right? I I was just I was just happy the Lord called me to the ministry and just trying to preach the word and just trying to spread the gospel as God shows it to me. That's all I knew. But it took a while. So, but after that person mentioned that to me, I started praying about it. Honestly, I started praying said, "Lord, what what is it that I'm supposed to do? What is my placement? Where where do you want me to be? And eventually uh without going through the whole story, the Lord eventually re revealed to me that I was supposed to be a pastor. Amen. Amen. That my nature, my calling, and my upbringing and everything the Lord had nurtured me to was bringing me to the point of fulfilling the position in the scripture of a pastor. Amen. In my ministry. And so, uh, I went to my pastor at the time and I told him, I said, "This is what I feel the Lord has has called me to do." So, uh, and and honestly, at that time, I actually told him, I said, "I'm not going to actively call other ministers to go, uh, evangelize, if you will. I'm called to be a pastor. Nothing. I I I now I see things differently than other people do. Um, and I know even my precious brother Roger disagree. This is one probably about one of the only things I know of that we kind of disagree a little bit on. Uh, but, uh, I think a man has a position and that's his position, right? Uh I don't I don't personally think that uh a man that's called to a position uh goes and evangelizes and he comes home and pastors and and then he goes out and he teaches a little and he comes back and pastor and he goes out in missionary work a little bit and he comes back to pastor and he's he's evangelizing he's missionary he's pastor he's a I I I think not that a person couldn't go not that like on Easter I couldn't go over and help brother Roger congre congregation one time, right? And minister for them. There's nothing wrong with that. I'm not talking about that. But this is my place. Amen. Amen. I'm not going to go spend six months in the missionary field because that's not my call. Right. Amen. I'm not going to go on the road and go to different churches around this country and try to evangelize to those people cuz that's not my call. Right. Amen. I was doing that at one time even being at the tabernacle. And honestly, truthfully, the point of it is uh uh God has always blessed me, but God didn't ble God has never blessed me like he does when I'm in my place. Amen. He never has. Amen. He's He's always been there and and he's never left me. I'm not talking about that. But it's never been blessed. You can ask my wife. She knows. He's been with me 40 years now. She knows. God has never blessed us like he does when I'm in my position. Amen. Amen. And I think when a man's called to pastor, he's not supposed to go running around evangelizing and missionary work everywhere. Yes. He should stay at home and pastor his sheep. That that's my that's my feeling. Amen. Now, I know there's probably uh upsets the apple cart of the message and a lot of ministers, especially some well-known ones that seem to go quite often, but uh I I tend to disagree with that. Yes. Amen. I I don't I personally I've said this before, I don't I don't personally believe that pastors should be going out in revival missionary uh evangelistic services. said, "Listen, sure." But the pastors are fulfilling every position, it seems, in the message. And someone who really has a true evangelistic calling tends to get pushed out, right? Someone who has a real missionary type calling sometimes it seems kind of get pushed out because it's taken over by the popularity of of of these people that are p that are called pastors. they say there are anyway uh that are pastors and and I I just I just disagree with that. Now when now that being said on the natural side if my job in my home or part of my job in my home as as a part of the family was to take out the trash and my brother came up to me and he said you know I'm going to take out the trash for you today. I'm gonna say thank you. I wouldn't as a kid I wouldn't have said no no no brother no you stay back. I'm taking this trash out. This is my I I'm the only one that could. No, you want to take it, you go right ahead. I'm not going to mind one bit. Amen. But the next time it's probably it's going to fall back on me again because that's my job. That's my position, right? Amen. That's where I'm supposed to be. That's where the Lord has placed me. And that's the same for everybody. Amen. It's the same in everybody's life. Now the five-fold ministry gets the lion share of the thought of adoption because of the placement of the ministering and what ministering position you fulfill. But this position in the body of Christ applies to every one of us. We all have a part to play in the body of Christ. Even if it's not ministering, it doesn't matter about that. Every single pi position has as important a placement as the ministry itself. We have our own part to play in in in every way. Praise the Lord. Um adoption uh this adoption, this position, this placement comes as we see it's is three stages. The adoption is the placement in the body of Christ. Our placement in the body. Amen. That's the first thing. Amen. God placing us in that position. Second, we abide in that position. We live in that position. We fulfill our lives, our calling or vocation in that position. Amen. Through our whole our lives are to fulfill that position. Amen. And God calls us to specific positions. Sometimes God calls us to positions and and sometimes people refuse to fulfill that position and God will just let that person go and and bring somebody else to fulfill it. Yeah. Amen. I remember I remember one time, not necessarily this is a position so much, but brother uh Pat told me one time that uh he was at the tabernacle and the spirit of God moved on him and said, "Get up and run around the pews." And he just sat there. He didn't do it. He I guess he just I don't remember if these are his words, but he just didn't do it. He refused to do it. He wouldn't get up and do it. Amen. Because see, we still for free moral agents. We can still do what we want. Right. Amen. We can refuse it. We can sat there. We can not not do what the Lord wants us to do. And brother P said, "I sat there and I didn't do it." He said, "And two or three seats down from him, all of a sudden after he refused to do it, that person jumped up and ran around the pew exactly like the Lord had told him that he was supposed to do." Amen. He didn't do it. So God moved on and found and got somebody that would. Now, you know, brother Patton says his testimony learned a lesson from that. You learned a lesson to say, "Well, I don't I don't want to say no to the Lord." And it might not be easy. The Lord might not call you to the most glamorous, best position. He might not call you to be the outfront ones and the ones that get looked at or talked about the most. He might not give you a position that's the uh that's the easiest. Amen. But God will bless you in it. God will be with you. And that's the most important thing. As you abide in that calling, as you abide in that vocation, God promised to be with you. Yes. And that's the most important thing. So we have the placement in the body. Then we have an abiding in that position within that body. And then we have the culmination of it which we just which well we didn't read it but we have read it several times before. And the 23rd verse it says, "Not only they but ourselves also had the first fruit of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to with the redemption of our bodies." The culmination we have the adoption placement the fulfillment abiding in and the culmination the going home. Yes. The changing of our bodies to it. Amen. As it says that is to say the redemption of our bodies. That's the culmination of that adoption. Amen. A body change, a rapture that puts us in that position. But when we're here, we do what the God we do what God calls us to do. Amen. Because we received that spirit. We received that spirit of adoption. Amen. That spirit that speaks to us uh that shows us the placement that we're supposed to be in. Amen. Now I read this at the beginning of adoption which uh I I like this quote but I wanted to read it again. Brother Bram says this. This is in adoption. This is at the very beginning of the adoption series when brother Brandham started to delve into the subject and he starts talking about Bible teaching. He says usually a little treacherous a little you know of kind of walking out on thin ice we call it. But we feel that maybe this is a point in time that it might be good to kind of bring the church uh to a complete understanding positionally of what we are in Christ Jesus. Amen. Positionally of what we are. Yes. Amen. Now, and God may call multiple people to that. Amen. He may call uh in fact he does call multiple people to be pastors around the world in this body. He calls multiple people to be uh to speak in tongues uh if you will. He caused multiple people to have the help the the office of helps governments. He calls multiple people to those things. Amen. But now, that doesn't mean I'm supposed to pastor like uh the brother down the road. It doesn't mean I'm supposed to preach or be a pastor like a brother in another state or a popular brother or someone that has a large church. I'm not supposed to be that way. I'm supposed to be who I am. God raised me and and and uh posh positioned me to be who I am. He put me in the family that I was in. He put me in the life that I'm in, the place I lived. Everything about what God does, everything about what God does for you is to bring you to the place that you can fulfill the position that God wants you to fulfill. everything about your life, your upbringing, your your home life, your where you live, uh the state you live, the home you live, the neighborhood you live, the parents you had, the friends you had, the things that you ate, the things that you heard, the things that you were a part of in your life, the things that you saw and received into your spirit. Amen. All these things mold you and make you into uh that God puts there. It molds you and makes you into the person you're supposed to be for Christ. That's why Satan throws so many things in our way to try to pervert that way. Yes. Satan will try to throw So God wants you to see something a certain way and Satan will pervert that a certain way to draw your attention away from where God wants you to be molded to. Yes. He want God wants you to be molded into godliness. Satan wants to be wants you to mold you into perversion. Right? So you so to be molded into uh and and God will put things in our or Satan will put things in our lives. He'll put things in front of us. He'll he'll he'll call our attention to things that we'll see that we shouldn't see or hear that we're not supposed to hear. or even friends or even people in our lives that will cause us to go astray because Satan wants you to be perverted. God wants to bring you to godliness. Satan wants to bring you to perversion. So, as God is bringing you into all these things that we said that God brings and molds you into who you're supposed to be, Satan going to try to throw things in there to pervert that way. Yes. To try to keep you from becoming that person. Yes. or even if you get to that position, that thought of perversion will always be there. Right? Amen. Because of your spirit. Amen. And don't don't think for a second that Satan and his domin his de his minions won't continue to try to keep bringing that up in your spirit, too. Your remebrance so that you remember it. Satan won't let you forget those rotten things. Yet, people always wonder and and I think I found the answer. It's the devil. But people have always wondered why why do we forget all the great things, but remember the two or three horrible things. A thousand good things can happen to you. You can do a thousand good things, but the two or three bad things are always the things you remember. Why? It's the same with people. Exactly. It's the same with people. People always remember uh that they they don't often remember all the good you did. They don't of remember all the good that you said or uh but they'll but they'll always remember those horrible things, those two or three things, whatever it is. Amen. Because it's human nature. Why? Because Satan will continue to bring those things up all the time. Yes. Satan's not going to bring the good things up to you, right? Amen. You have to do that. You have to delve into your remembrance and remember those things. Amen. Because Satan's not going to do it. He's gonna always try to bring about the horrible things, the bad things. Praise the Lord. But we're supposed to be who we are. Yes. Not somebody else. We have to be who we are. We can't be we can't fulfill a position. I can't be a brother uh uh the the ministry ministry of another brother. I got to be who I am, right? I can't preach that brother's revelation. and I got to preach what the Lord's revealed to me. Amen. That's why God has different pastors uh for different people for different reasons. Amen. There's some people that's that that that is more adapt to have a congregation that just walks in off the street. That's not me, right? I honestly I could do it. I could walk into a prison and preach to people. I've done it before. I I could walk but that's not my ministry, right? My ministry is not preaching to people off the street. My my ministry, I found out, is is to preach to seasoned veteran message believers. And that's ultimately where God seems to always put me. Amen. Amen. And different people are different ways about that, but uh that's why somebody else is in the position to do that because that's who they are and that's what their ministry is. That's what they're best at, right? Amen. And praise the Lord, that's good because that's needed. But so is this. But you get somebody that's that's really good at going into prisons or introducing the message or Christ to somebody or preaching to just a bunch of people off the streets. You get them in a room full of people that are seasoned veterans and they they probably feel like they're being fed skim milk maybe. Uh because because this there's got to be substance to it. There's got to be meat to it. Amen. Uh but but that person is not really called to do that. Not that they couldn't, but that's not their calling. The calling is more over here. So you see it's it's different. And there's a and there's a reason why God does that. Amen. But we need to come, let me get back to this quote now, a complete understanding positionally of what we are in Christ Jesus. And sometimes I think that preaching is a wonderful thing. But I believe sometimes, brother Beler, that teaching goes beyond that. And yes, it does. It kindly especially to the church. Uh now preaching usually catches a sinner, brings him in under condemnation by the word. But teaching places a man positionally what he is. Places a man what? Teaching. Sometimes teaching can be a little on the dry side, if you will. Right. Amen. It could be uh a little more like being in back in a school class. But uh but that's what we take that positionally places us that shows us. Amen. What position that we take. But teaching places a man positionally what he is. And I like this is the part of the quote though. But we can right we can never rightly be able to have faith. There it is. until positionally we know who we are. Amen. Amen. If a person is being adopted off the off the street, wherever into a family, we we adopt you. Amen. Your last name is now so and so and this is this is this is your family. These are your siblings now. We are your parents now. You belong to this family. Right? Amen. But if that per if that person never feels received, if if they never feel uh loved or respected or or find a position in that home, if they can't find that position, how can they ever have faith that they really that that that that really was what happened? That they that that family really took them in and and really made them a part of that home, right? and made them a part of that family. Amen. How how can they have faith to believe that they truly belong in that family unless they feel welcomed in that family. Right? Amen. And the best way to know that you feel welcome in a family is that you've been p positionally placed in that family. Yes. You have a responsibility. Again, as I said, you have a responsibility. You have a position. You have a placement. you have a a vocation. Praise the Lord. Then you know that you're then you feel a part of the family. Right? When you feel like you're a part of the family, you have faith to believe this is my family. This is who I am. This is my father and I believe him and I believe what he said and I and and I'm his son. Praise the Lord. And you can have faith in that. And when you have faith, you have rightly have faith because you're in the position you're supposed to be in. You rightly have faith. Then you can believe for whatever you have need of. Yes. Amen. Because God our father has shown us and given us all everything that we can expect out of the scripture to bring us to those beautiful benefits that God has shown us and revealed to us is in the word. Amen. We are partakers of it. We can have faith in that now because we know we belong to the family. Yes, we know we're a part of the family. Amen. I'm not a pew warmer. I'm a part of the family. Yes. I have a position. I have a place. I have something that I do. I fulfill in the Lord. Amen. Whatever it might be. Praise the Lord. Whatever it might be, it could just maybe be a a housewife. It may be a mechanic, maybe a farmer, maybe a deacon, maybe a trustee. Uh it may be a gift of the spirit, a gift of helps or a gift of prophecy or something. Uh it it could be because God needs you there to be a supplier to be someone that's that's well that would be fall into helps too. But be a part a position to play a position. Amen. Praise the Lord. I personally think that's one of the reasons. I've talked about other reasons, but I personally believe that's one of the reasons, just one, that God calls us to pay tithe and offering to our congregation, to our church, because that makes us feel belonged. It makes us feel like we're a part of it. If you just come in off the street and warm a seat and you don't you you you don't feel like you've got a position, what good does it do, right? But when someone contributes, even if it's just a tithe or offering or something like that, when they contribute, they feel like they're part of it then. Amen. Amen. They're a part of that work. They're part of that group. They're a part of that family. And it makes them feel worth. And you got to feel worth saints. People have to feel worth. They've got to know that there's some worth to their life. Yes. And and I I I again I I believe what that's one of the reasons the Lord calls us to that scripturally because it helps us feel positioned. It helps us feel like we're a part of it like like uh uh it's ours. This is this is our this is not Newton Bennett's church. This is our church. And every church should be that way. I should be able, I know this is probably not true in ours and that's probably partly my fault, but I should be able to walk out that door and never return and this church will continue to go. I should, it should be that way. Amen. Church down the street, that pastor should be able to walk off the platform and walk out the back door and never show back up again. And that church would continue to go. Now, there'll be some things that need to be dealt with and taken care of and all that and positions to be fulfilled to fill, but it should just continue on because I'm not the church, right? Amen. That's why I've and I I'll I'll say this out of love and respect, but that's why I've never felt a pastor should just shut down a church. Right. Amen. Because he's just one position in that church, right? If you don't feel like you're a pastor anymore, or you don't feel like you can pastor anymore, or you don't feel like that uh uh that's your place anymore, or maybe God's sending you someplace else, get up and say, "I resign. God speak to you." Right? Amen. I love you, but God's calling me to do something else or calling me someplace else. And just move on. It's that simple. Because it's not your church. They are not your people. You don't belong to me. You belong to Christ. Amen. Amen. You're his, not mine. This is not my church. I'm just positionally placed here. Praise the Lord. That's the way it's supposed to work. I believe that's the way it should be. Amen. When I left Florida, I asked the Lord. I said, "God, these people have been without a pastor for years. Please don't take me and and not and these people not have a pastor for this to uh be like like uh Micah's prophecy to Ahab, you'll see like he said seen Israel scattered like sheep having no shepherd. Amen. And so the Lord put a brother's heart, a name on my heart and I prayed about it and I went and called the brother and that brother already was looking. He told me before I could say anything that he had already felt led to come to up to that to St. Augustine and to our church. God was already dealing in both ends. Right? So I got up and told the people I the Lord's called me to do this. I'm leaving. Amen. I didn't want to leave without a pastor or something. So, um th this is what I prayed. This is what happened. And and the the church voted and voted in another pastor and I left and the church kept going. Now, unfortunately, when that brother felt led to go back someplace else, he just shut the door, sold the church, I guess, took the money and just left and the church disbanded. Doesn't exist today. I don't agree with that. Amen. It's not the way it should be, saints. Yes. So many times it seems like that's the way it happens, but that's not the way it's supposed to be, right? That pastor is supposed to just fulfill one position. Say, "Well, it wouldn't exist without him." Okay, that's fine. But what if the Lord has somebody else to come in to take that position? Doesn't belong to him, right? Well, I put all my money into it. Doesn't matter, right? You wouldn't have a dime of that money if God had to give it to you to begin with. Right. So, it's not your money. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Anyway, I I probably got off on a little tangent there, but to have faith Amen. to have faith rightly have faith. You have to know positionally who you are. That's how we have faith. You see so many people that seem to be struggling with faith. Well, you can go back to the message here and really realize and understand it's probably because a lot of people don't know who they are. Probably a lot of people don't even know for sure if they're even a Christian, if they're even born again. Amen. Don't even know. And that's a horrible, sad place to be in. Yes. If they don't even know they're a Christian, how can they have faith to believe that God's going to answer their prayer? Right? You can't rightly have faith until you know who you are. Amen. and that God reveals to you. Which brings me to the second quote, questions and answers in 1961. Amen. Forgive me for so much water. I was out in the desert working last week and I got so dry. Anyway, questions and answers 1961. Number three says uh how does just in case you might want to go look it up. How does one know that uh know their rightful position in the body of Christ? Brother Aaron says that's a good one. Very good. How does see that would be kind of a question among many of us here tonight and that's probably I mean there's only five of us but that's true probably with any local assembly, right? with almost any body of believers, any church. You say that's probably the kind of question amongst us, as brother Brandham said here, many of us here tonight. How do you rightfully know? Now, I'm presuming that this brother wants to know what position, what in Christ, what part of Christ do I play? Now, for instance, I'd say like this, brother, to uh to give you the best answer I know. Your position in Christ is revealed to you by the Holy Spirit. Yes. Well, that that's the perfect answer because we just read that we received the Holy Spirit of adoption. That the Holy Spirit would be the one to reveal it. The Holy Spirit would be the one to show that truth, that re that revelation. So if it's in the Holy Spirit, of course, then the Holy Spirit should show that to you. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I I think of it this way. I've had a lot of people over the years, probably more sisters and brothers, young that would ask me, "How how do I know that this person is the right person for me? How do I know that uh how do I find that that person that God has for me?" And and I believe that's true. Amen. But how how do I know? How how do I know when that's the person? How do I know? I said, well, first of all, I would tell tell them first of all, I believe when you know, the Lord will show you right in some way, shape, or form. Even as I've said our me and my wife, when we met, I I can't explain it. I wasn't serving the Lord at all. Was I? I wasn't serving I wasn't a Christian bit more than anything. Uh I wasn't serving the Lord, but I was the son of God. And I can't explain it to you. I I I I tell people I said uh I I I can't necessarily explain it to you. Uh, I just knew it was just something that was down in my spirit that was down in the innermost part of Newton Bennett that knew that that that girl there was going to be my wife. I knew it. There was there was no way you can convince me anything different. Um, and that's the first thing I think God will show you. But the second thing is and and I got and and these I garner from personal experience that one and this one I said just be a Christian. That's the best thing you can do. Be a godly Christian. Amen. Give your life to Christ. Become a Christian. Get born again. Get the Holy Ghost in your life. And obey God in everything he leads you and shows you to do. Yes. and be a be a Christian, whatever it may do. One of the worst experiences I ever had in my life is when my parents drug me out to this desert. That's honest God's truth. I couldn't stand this place. I would just soon pull a bullet bullet in my brain if I couldn't get back to North Carolina. I didn't want to live. I hated this place so bad. That was the worst one of the worst things that's ever happened to me in my life. Amen. I hated it so bad. Amen. But what God was doing, I couldn't see or understand. God was bringing me out to this desert to meet my wife, to find her, to get her. And again, we should write a book, honey, on the things that God did to bring us together. It is absolutely a miracle. I wasn't even supposed to go to the school I was going to. I was supposed to go to a different school. I ended up in a I ended up as a as a 10th grader. I ended up in a ninth grade gymnastics class, gym gym class. I ended up in a ninth grade gym class as a 10th grader because that was the class she was in. I wasn't supposed to be in that class that I I just went I just went to the place and I just sat down. I just sat there. I didn't care. I didn't want to be there. I didn't want anything to do with it. I hated this place. I just want to go home. And finally, one of the teachers come around and said, "What are you doing?" I said, "I don't know. Don't care." "Where are you supposed to be?" "I don't know. Don't care." "Well, are you new?" "Yeah." "Well, you're supposed to be in class, right?" I said, "Far as I know." "Were you supposed to be, Jim?" "Yeah, I think so." Said, "Well, come on. You come to my class." Okay. I went and got to his class. I love ball. I love playing ball. Grew up playing ball. Amen. We went and uh uh and so I was in his class. All of a sudden, a 10th grader was in a ninth grader's class. You figure it out. And I love playing ball, but they selected they selected uh and was going to play ball, softball. And I I love playing softball. I love playing baseball. I grew up playing ball. So, I mean, that was just in my wheelhouse. But you know what I did? I sat on the bench and I watched them play. Didn't care. I didn't want to play. I don't want to have anything to do with it. I just sat there. Guess who else was sitting on the bench? That girl right there. Amen. You explain it. I I can't explain that. We're the only two on the bench. That whole game they they out there playing. one of my favorite things that I had to do in life. And I just sat there. I didn't want to be a part of it. But we started talking. Amen. When I left When I left North Carolina, when I left what then was junior high school, ninth grade, I was going to uh I was going to quit band. I've been in it since fifth grade. I was going to do something cooler. I wasn't going to be in band anymore. I was going to do that. I didn't want to do band. I was I was I was I was too uhh cool for that. Whatever you want to say. I I wasn't going to do band anymore. So I So but then I was there for two weeks in North Carolina. We moved out here. School had already started here because school starts here earlier and they already started here. So I went there to enroll. They looked at me and said, "Well, you can't do this. You can't do this. You can't do this. All these electives are all taken. All these classes are all full. What do you have left? I got to take one band. Really? So now I got to be in band again. Okay, I'll go. I'll be in band again. Guess who else was in band? Amen. I can't you can't explain these things, saints. So my so based on life instruction, I tell the young people, I'd said the first thing, Amen. be born again. Get the Holy Ghost. Be led of God. Do what he tells you, shows you. Go where he tells you. I said, "And God will put you in the position that you need to be in. And you will come across. You will at some point sometime somehow you will find the person that you're supposed to be with. Your paths will cross. You will come together. You will somehow. And with all the supernatural things uh that the Lord I know that if you're a child of God, God will bring this to pass. God will make this happen." Amen. He will bring you in the place to where you meet the person and you're in the position that God wants you to be in for the person that you're supposed to have. Amen. I feel the same thing about this subject. I think a lot of it is exactly the same thing here. Christ re the your position will be revealed to you by the Holy Ghost. Absolutely. being God and realizing and I knew and you have to know that that's what God's called you to do. That's what God wants you to do. That is your position. The Lord's revealed it to you. And then if you want to know whether it's the Holy Spirit or not, find out whether he blesses what you are doing. Amen. Now, not prosperity or monetarily. Amen. I've seen plenty of people have humongous churches and tons of money and prosperity and flowing in and all and what a bit more a pastor than uh uh than a skunk sprays perfume. Uh it just they're no more a pastor than than anything. You you listen and you see and they're just as evangelistic in their missionary in their ministry as as you would as you could even imagine. And you say, well, why are they why are they doing that? Why are they filling that fulfilling that position? Because it's convenient. Because it's easy. Because there's money. Oh, well, wait a minute. You Yeah. Yes, there's money. So, a lot of people think, well, why would you do something you're not supposed to do? You tell me. But prosperity doesn't always uh tell you or mean that it's God's blessings, right? But when God blesses you in something, you see the fruits of the labor. Amen. Amen. That's what you see. You see the productiveness. You see God moving in it. You see people's lives changing. You see how it makes you feel. Amen. Not because you can buy a new bigger house or a boat, but because God is blessing you and moving you into that place where he's continuing to reveal himself to you. And you can see in his word now, not that God will make you a popper, but you can see what God is doing in your life. and making it happen that way. Praise the Lord. I'm I'm praying right now the same thing for that place next door. Amen. Uh you think we You look and say, "Well, we only have a few people. Why would we worry about that?" But if the Lord told me to and the Lord said get it now, I would get it and he would pay the bill. He would the Lord would take care of that part of it. I wouldn't have to worry if he says do it. He does. He does it. Amen. Amen. You don't have to worry about it. But when but when you realize that you need to be in the position, the placement God's called us in, God reveal it to you and then he'll bless you in it. Amen. And if you stay in that, the Lord will continue to bless you in that. Praise the Lord. And reveal it and reveal it to you and show to you that that's where you're supposed to be. Now, let's go over to one more scripture. I'll close here in just a minute. Second Peter. Second Peter uh chapter 1. Amen. Second Peter chapter 1 and I'll close here after this. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 10. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. Amen. Well, to me that goes that goes along with the quote we just read. Brother Bram said, rightfully having faith. You rightly have faith, you won't fall. You know who you are, you won't fall. If you recognize the position that you're in, the Lord will always be with you and always bless you in it. If you do what? Give diligence. Amen. Be zealous. Be uh uh urgent about what your calling and election is. What you're calling. Calling is basically uh what it means. You are called to it. Amen. When I call you up on the phone, I call you. I don't call somebody else. I'm calling you. Right? Amen. When I call you, now sometimes we might have a wrong number and say, "Oops, I meant to call so and so." But a calling is just a calling. It says, "I called you." If I say, "I called brother Dennis." I called brother Dennis. So, why are you calling? Don't know, but I need to call you. So, I called him. Which leads us to the choosing or the election. The election is a is a choosing. Amen. I called you because I choose to call you. So, a calling is something that's that is is what it is. It's a calling. God's called you to that. It's God's calling. God says, "I want you here. I want you to do this." Amen. This is the position I want you to fulfill. Amen. And when I did that, I thought honestly uh I thought when I moved to Florida, I'd be there my whole life. I figured this is the Lord what the Lord wants me to do. I go and we'll establish a church. We'll have some people and we'll just have church until I die. But God doesn't always do it that way, right? And in fact, a lot of times God does it a different way. And the problem is a lot of people get a mis a misunderstanding that if God calls you to that, that's what you're always supposed to do from from now to eternity. And that's not always true, right? God might do it just for a few days or a few months or a few years. He might uh he might have somebody come and call and and that person stayed there for 50 years. Amen. But because that person came and established that church or whatever and was there for 50 years doesn't mean that you're supposed to be called to a place and be there for 50 years. Because again, we're all different. Yes. Different reasons, different callings, different positions. Amen. That's that's why the Lord does what he does. That's our calling. When God calls you, God called you to that. And your election is the fact that God chose you. He called you because he chose you. God handpicked you. If you go look at the definition, that's basically what it's saying to handpick. God handpicked you specifically out of the entire billions of people on this planet to fulfill this calling that he's called you to. You are the one he chose. That's what the election is. To make sure that God's called you first. You know that God's called you. If you're a child of God, God's called you. And if God's called you, he's got a place for you. He's got something he wants you to do. He's got a place he wants you to fulfill. Amen. And God's handpicked you to do that. Yes. Amen. You say, "Well, but there's there's there's tens of thousands there's hundreds of thousands of mothers. Why did God pick me?" because God picked you to mother this person. Amen. You remember brother Green told us that brother Brandham told him that God had his daddy come over here and his mom come from over here just to breed just to come together to breed you. Remember he used the word breed like cattle uh to breed you. Amen. Amen. God called you, that mother to be the mother of this person or these people. Amen. He didn't call that mother to mother these people. He called you to mother these people. Amen. So that's why there's different ones that say, "Well, there's there's uh tens of thousands of of pastors. Why did God call me?" Amen. Because God called me to pastor this place right now. Amen. God called me to pastor here. He calls somebody else the pastor over there. You say, "Well, these people come here. Well, those people go there." Well, sometimes it gets confused and maybe people end up probably where I'm not supposed to be. But normally God has a specific pastor for a specific person or for specific people and the people are should be led of God to that place to sit under that pastor. Amen. when the person down the street is not supposed to come there and be under that ministry. They need somebody else for whatever reason. We don't know. You know the complexity of humanity, saints. Amen. We're not. That's the the one of the greatest mistakes people make is think that we're cookie cutter Christians. Amen. That we're all just perfectly exactly alike. No, we're not. Right? We are nowhere. There's no two of us that are anywhere close to being alike. Right? Amen. You put me and brother Dennis together. I love my brother. We agree greatly. We go out and have great fellowship together. Uh but he was born in a different nationality, born from different parents, born in a different state, had different friends, went to different schools, was exposed to different things than I was. Amen. Amen. But that doesn't change our relationship, but it makes us two completely different people. Right. Amen. Amen. That that's just a bit but because but God does that because one man can fill this position or one woman can fill this position where this woman can't do it right. Amen. That's why God calls us everyone different. Amen. Amen. We receive that spirit that God has. So we make sure that our calling and our election is sure. My calling. My election. Not somebody else's but my calling and my election. I don't want to try to be somebody else. I've done that before. I've I've confessed that to you before. Amen. That I've tried to uh tried to go and the popular ministry to preach what they preach. And I get through and have no more idea what I just preached and uh than if I was a blind man. And I'm like, this I can't I can't. This is not right. And the Lord showed me that's not right. Right. Amen. You preach what I showed you to preach. Amen. Amen. And then it and then when I come to understand a little more about what actually was being said, I look and I think that really doesn't fit the message, right? That really doesn't fit the scripture. You go back and say, "Well, I wish I hadn't preached that." But, you know, that's another another point. But I'm not that person and they're not me. I can't do what they do. But you know what? They can't do what I do either, right? Amen. That person up the street, they might have 10,000 people in their church, but there's no way they can come and effectively pastor this church. Can't do it. Amen. Amen. Because they're not supposed to be here. They're supposed to be over there, right? And I'm not supposed to be I can't go effectively pastor that church because I'm not supposed to be over there. I'm supposed to be here, right? Amen. Now, can I pastor that church? Absolutely. Sure. I could. Amen. Could people keep coming and and and and uh have a full church or congregation? Absolutely. Sure. But where is it in Christ? That's what we want to do. We want to move forward in Christ. We don't want to just have church. We want to move forward in Christ. We want to be in our positions and continually to press forward in the position God's called us in. Not just to not just to come in out uh off the street and just have church on a Sunday just because we've got the place and we've got the time. Amen. We don't make time for God. Right. That's that's the most ridiculous thing I've heard people say. Right. We don't make time for God. God is my time. Amen. Amen. Anything else I fit into his schedule, right? If possible. Amen. And that's that's right. That's just that's who we are. Amen. I'm here this morning. We're here this morning because this is where God's called us. This is what we're supposed to do. This is where Amen. And regardless of anything else, this is what I'm supposed to do. This is who I'm supposed to be. Amen. And I want to fulfill it to the best of my ability. And I don't want to try to be somebody else. I don't want to do what somebody else did uh does. Amen. I used to, but I don't because God showed me I am who I am. We are who we are. And nobody else can take your place. Yes. Amen. Nobody else can fulfill your position but you. Amen. Let's stand if we could. Sometimes you end up like brother Brown talked about when people would um try to impersonate the gifts of the spirit that Lord had put in his life. Yeah. And the things that he did that um uh that that that was that was God called. It was God calling him to do those things. um people would try to impersonate. You end up with you end up with a bunch of impersonators. You end up with a bunch of people uh just acting and trying to be something they're not. That's just that's just ends up be carnal impersonations. Amen. Not not fulfilling the word of God, not fulfilling the spirit of God, not called by man, not appointed by man, but only by God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this chorus. Amen. I can't find it here, but Amen. We sing it many times, so we'll I'm sure we know it by heart anyway. Lord, prepare me. Amen. Prepare me to be a sanctuary. Praise the Lord. That's what I want. That's what we want for the Lord to prepare us. Because our whole lives, if we're a child of God, we were a child of God before the foundation. When we come in this world, God prepares everything we do, God's preparing us and getting us ready. Amen. To fulfill the position that God's called us to. Amen. Sometimes we're in the position that it's hard. It's not an easy position. Amen. But God blessed us and promised to be with us to help us through it. Amen. And that's what we want to do what he calls us to do. That's why when we get on the other side, it's going to be so good. We get there and he says, "It was well done, my good and faithful servant. Was well done. Enter into enter ye into the joys of the Lord." What words I desire to hear, saints, for the Lord to tell me was well done, my good and faithful servant. Amen. Let's sing this. Worship the Lord. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, [Music] pure and holy, tried and true. With thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Yes, Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Pure and holy, [Music] tried and true with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary for you. One more time with all our hearts now. Yes, Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, [Music] tried and true [Music] with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Yes. Granted, Jesus. Yes. All we can do, Lord. Thank you. All that we are, we relinquish to you, Jesus. Lead us. Guide us. Help us. Show us. We're in your hands, Father. We need you. Amen. In every way. In every way. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is so good, isn't he? Amen. I love him so much. He means so much to us. Means so much to me. So thankful, Lord, in our lives. Where would we be without him? [Music] So many times I see people Amen. even guys that would be on my team working and I think man that just in a certain way how they are. It just kind of reminds me of of Peter and you know Peter Peter was kind of a big mouth uh and always talking out of turn and bragging and stuff and and God told him said now Peter you know when you're converted now uh you you're you're saying all these things wrong to the point that I had to rebuke you and tell Satan to get behind me. Amen. But when you're converted then you can strengthen the brothers. So God took the strength that Peter had, his big old mouth, and on the day of Pentecost became the spokesman of the group. Amen. And spoke up, but it wasn't out of turn then. It was of the Holy Spirit. Was God leading. And I think sometimes I think my what a Christian this exists. Ju just give their heart to God. God got a hold of that man. He would just be unstoppable as a Christian, as a godly person. Amen. And I pray I pray I ask you pray pray for the the men on my team. Amen. I I I appreciate them. I mean, I've come close several times to saying I love them. Not sure I'm quite there, but I like them. I appreciate them very much. Uh and they're basically good men. Uh but they just need God. Amen. They need the Lord. Amen. So, I appreciate that. Appreciate the Lord's goodness. So, God bless you today. God bless. And u uh happy Father's Day. Father's one here this morning, brother brother Dennis. Happy Father's Day if you're watching. Uh brother Pat or brother Danny or whatever. God bless you. Happy Father's Day to you. Amen. And just pray it just be a blessed day for you. Amen. Also have a special day. But she's not here either. Sister Sheila is at home. She said she was going to be watching. It's her birthday. So God bless you, Sister Sheilia. Happy birthday to you. We Sarah need you personally if you were here, but we love you and appreciate you and happy birthday to you as well. Amen. So, God richly bless you. Thank the Lord for another year. Amen. Praise the Lord. We love sister and appreciate her so much being a part of our congregation here. So, God richly bless you. Amen. Bless each one. And we'll just uh be dismissed in a word of prayer. Uh, now next week, I know there's only a few of us here, but next week there's a very, very good chance. I've looked at the flight schedules and stuff. There's a very good chance that I will probably uh we'll probably have to move next Sunday up a half hour. Be the first time in a long time since I've had to do that. But, uh, we'll probably have to move it up next week. Uh the one flight that looks like it's going to be the one they'll pick for me probably is doesn't leave till or it leaves at 12:55. So 1:00 basically I've done one o'clock before but it's very it's very tight for me. So uh that's probably what will be happen. I'll probably uh say right now I'll let everybody know uh text you on Saturday or when I know of what's going on but it will probably just to prepare you probably have to be moved up a half hour next week. So, just please remember that if you would supposed to go to Idaho. Um, I don't know. It's probably be a little cooler up there maybe, but uh the job is uh is not a very is it's supposed to be a rough job. So, but um as my wife tells me all the time when I verbalize uh things like that, God can change it. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I believe that it is true. God can change that. It's supposed to be a very difficult job. U a dirty job. It's a It's an existing. It's not a new build. It's existing. So, they're always just filthy. It's amazing how disgustingly filthy a car wash can get. Uh but they do. And so, maybe is supposed to be uh probably a lot of long hours uh and hard work. So, but the Lord can change that. Yes. And I believe that. So, we're going to I I appreciate you praying together with me on that. Amen. So, Lord richly bless you. Amen. Love you. Appreciate you if you're watching still. God bless you as well. Amen. We'll be dismissing a word of prayer. Appreciate each one coming to be here today. Amen. With us. So, Lord Rich bless you. Anyone else have anything before we go? Anything on anybody's heart? Not we'll be dismissed. Ask Mike if you would pray. Gracious heavenly father come to you at the service. Father being with us talking to us and the songs. Thank you. Speaking to our hearts and allowing us to come together. Lord Jesus, once again, as we go our separate ways, Lord Jesus, celebrate our earthly fathers today, Lord Jesus, with our our friends and family, whatever you have in store for us, keep us safe through the rest of the week, till our next point time that we come together, we commit ourselves into our hands in the name of Lord Jesus.
