################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 5182025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-19
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 5/18/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7PD8MxCTHk
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 5/18/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Holy Ghost. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You see that? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Mother heat. [Music] on that beautiful show in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Yes, in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Can we sing it one more time? In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall be on that beautiful shore. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. That means he's looking forward to that. Praise the Lord Jesus. So thankful and so glad that one day, Amen. the trials and tribulations and troubles of this world are all behind us. Amen. I don't even I don't even want to think that there'll be a distant memory. I don't even want to be in my memory bank anymore. Amen. Just the goodness and glory of our Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord this morning. reach in the name of the Lord Jesus. Good to see each one here. If you're streaming, God bless you today. Let's stand to our feet if we could. And we'll just invite his presence. Expect him to meet with us one more time in this place here today. Lord Jesus, very thankful again, Father, of your blessings, your love, your mercy, the grace that you give, Lord. Father, where would we be without you, Lord? It's not even something I want to contemplate, Lord. I don't really want to think about it. But God, if we did, it would just be a horrible, horrible picture, God. But Lord, the goodness of your grace, Lord, and the blessings you give, Father, the the life we live and the future we have and everything is so beautiful and bright, Father, only because of you, because of what you've done, what you're doing, what you're given. Lord, we are nothing without you, Father. But Lord, we're just trusting and believing, God, that you're going to continue to strengthen and bless us to become that that you desired. and saw in your mind before the foundation of the world of who we are, Lord, in you, God, who we are in you. Thank you, Lord, for this time. Thank you for this place. Thank you for this meeting, God. And so thankful, Lord, that you bless us to be able to be healthy again to be here. And just trust once again that you meet with us in this place. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hind or infiltrate this service in any way that you would get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done here at this place this day. We commit it to you now and ask your blessings upon it. Bless those that have come, those who may not have been able to make it for whatever reason. Lord, may you help and bless them to make it next appointed time. We give you thanks and praise for it. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. want to turn over to Psalm number 628. Amen. In the Psalm book, we have it here on the screen for you. Praise the Lord. Soon and very soon, we're going to see the king. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Your home got a book. 628. Amen. We probably all know it by heart though. Anyway, soon and very soon going to see the king. Praise the Lord. Well, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. There's no more crying there. We are going to see the king. There'll no more crying. There we are going to see the king. There's no more crying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. And no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Yes, no more dying. There we are going to see the king. There's no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king again now. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going. Cuz we sing it one more time now. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. Amen. Praise the Lord. All saints, I believe it is soon. Very, very soon. Hallelujah. We're going to go see our maker, our Lord Jesus. To be with him for eternity. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's turn over to Psalm number 369. Amen. Or we'll have it on the screen here for you. Praise the Lord. Some glad morning. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm looking forward to that going home time. Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing it now. Some glad morning. When this life is over, I fly away to a God celestial shore. I fly my way. Yes. Off my way. Oh, [Music] glory. My way in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. By by. I'll fly away. [Music] The wind. The shadows of this life have grown out my way. Like the bird from prisoners have fall. Yes. All my way. Oh, glory of my way in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. I'll fly my way. And just a few more blessing days and then I'll my way to my land. Rejoice shall never end. I'll fly away. Oh, sing it out. Fly away. Oh glory. Why we in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. By my singing at last verse again. Well, just a few more blessed days and then I'll fly my way to a land where joy shall never end. Fly away. Oh, sing it out. Fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. My God, I fly my way. I'm singing out my way. Oh glory away in the morning. I cannot die. Hallelujah. By my I fly away. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh, just a little pin prick, just a little body changed in a moment, twinkling of an eye. on this bride. Gravity will no longer have control over her. She will take a heavenly flight to go meet the Lord in the air. So shall we ever be with the Lord. Oh, that's my favorite part. I'm looking forward to the flying home part. But friend, also we shall ever be with the Lord. Amen. Praise God. That's the best part to me. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer now. Psalm number 573. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here. 573. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing it to the Lord now. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Bless his name. Amen. Oh, what a lovely day in the name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star. It's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the fright proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. Oh, yes. And soon he'll come in clouds of gloryy. [Music] Saints of every race shall behold his face. And with him will enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Yes. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest storm. He's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Oh yes, let the bride proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. All is this now and soon he'll come in clouds of gloryy. Saints of every race shall behold his face and with him will enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Oh, one more time now. Yes. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest star. He's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the fright proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. And soon he'll come in clouds of gloryy. Saints of every race shall behold his face. And with him we'll enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh what a lovely name. Hallelujah. The name of Jesus. But soon oh saints soon and very soon. Hallelujah. Amen. We'll leave this place. to meet him in the air. Hallelujah. Ever to acclaim what a precious, lovely name. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you today. Amen. Appreciate each one being here, coming, being with us today. I don't have any prayer requests. We got a few people that aren't here with us today, but haven't uh heard anything from them. But let's please remember them in prayer. Amen. Sister Julie's not here today with us. Sister of course continue prayers for her. Uh the pads sister Karen as you know is probably uh as you probably know has gone back to the mountains um for the summer. So they'll be back with us hopefully next winter uh her and Tom and family. So please remember her in prayer them in prayer uh as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. So thankful for each of us that's been here today. Amen. Amen. celebrating our 9th anniversary. Amen. May 16th. Amen. Was uh our very first service at the Word of God tabernacle, May 16th. So, we're a couple days past it, but uh that was our 9th anniversary a couple of days ago uh on May 16th. So, praise the Lord. Happy anniversary. The Word of God Tabernacle. Amen. Praise the Lord. And you all that have come and been here and been faithful and been a part of our church. some of you since the very first service. So, amen. So, God bless you. Love you. Appreciate you. Amen. I have I found out some kind of sad news for me. I guess even my family uh this week that the church that I kind of um well I don't know if you say grew up in but kind of uh well my my kids grew up in but the uh I started ministering in and all uh closed down. uh the pastor I guess he's he's in his 80s now. So, uh he's had some physical struggles and uh building they had was kind of an older building and said it was a little more difficult to keep up with and take care of and uh so uh he just he just stopped the work and actually sold the building. Uh so the place that we were at that our children were dedicated and that we received the Holy Ghost were baptized and uh so many other events had my mom and dad both my mom and dad's memorial service there and so many other things happened in that building and it's kind of home to us. So it's uh spiritual home. So it's kind of sad that uh that it uh is no longer there but I'm so thankful that we're about to enter enter heaven city. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. But uh please remember if you would uh those folks, they different of them gone to different churches and all and uh just very good friends of ours. I just found out because as you know we're getting ready to go on our anniversary trip and we're going to stop over first there. So I called the pastor to um tell him you know we're coming and like to see everybody and that's when he told me. So, uh it was kind of sad, but um uh thankful to be able to get back there, I guess, this time to uh see all our friends and saints of God back there, too. So, I am looking forward to that. So, please remember them in prayer if you would as well. So, that's I don't I didn't get any other have any other prayer requests. Does anyone else have anything on their heart today? Yeah, Micah is traveling too. That's right. Um, as you all know, me and Sonia are leaving on Tuesday uh to go back east and to for our 40th anniversary trip. We're going to be gone a couple of weeks. We'll be back on June 5th. Uh, so we appreciate your prayers for that. But Mike is also going on a trip uh I guess kind of for his birthday. Uh his birthday is Memorial Day this year, the 26th, uh Monday the 26th. So he's leaving or you're leaving Wednesday, Wednesday. this coming Wednesday. Okay. So, he's leaving Wednesday morning for a week. I think he said a week. So, uh they're going to Mexico. So, please remember him in prayer and some of his friends. So, please remember the Lord will bless him back home safe. Anyone else have anything? Yeah. Yes. Um I got a text from my cousin. She's in Cabo and uh unfortunately uh she was going back to the hotel and the driver I guess they were taking them um left them 20 miles away and she told them you know we're going to I'm going to tell the embassy on you. So he refunded their money but still left them there. So just to be careful in Mexico that they're treating Americans That's not good. Remember that. Thankful they're okay. Yeah. She said they made it back safely, but 20 miles long. Yeah. Anyone else request Lord Jesus, it's an honor to be in your house of worship, your house of prayer, your house where your word is preached and truth and and revealed message has come and one little assembly is standing for you. Thank you, Father. Lord, we're all in a race. I remember when I ran track, oh, many, many years ago. And Lord, the hardest part of the race was the last 10, 15 yards. Yes. And Lord, that's where we stand right now. us. The devil's fighting us harder than ever before, but you have equipped us with the whole armor of God. Lord, one of these days, the church doors will be closed. The Bibles will be stacked. my mind on. Yes, sir. The song books will be left in the seats and the ones that are struggling and and failing to obey your word, you won't have to worry about coming to church, it's over. Yes. You won't have to worry about paying your tithe. It's over. My You won't have to worry about praying. It's over. Lord Jesus, the gospel as we turn back to the Jews, help us, Lord, and help us to catch the vision right now with all that we're battling with. We have a great and mighty conqueror that's in us that's fighting our battles for us. Hallelujah. That's our advocate. That's our strength. That's our rock in our weary land. That's our our absolute. That's our everything. And when the gospel returns back to the Jews, the people that miss the rapture are going to be totally left on their own. They won't have the Holy Spirit to help them. And you make excuses. God, an OC and I knows what we're doing. Amen. No one knows what excuses we are presenting to him when we fail to obey his word. It's like James says, "He that keepeth the whole law and yet offendeth in one point, he is guilty of all." Yes. Amen. Oh Lord, it's time to repent or perish. It's time to get right with God. Lord Jesus, all the signs are lining up. Prophecies are being fulfilled. There's more earthquakes than I've ever seen at any time at this time. There's volcanoes erupting all over the world. Amen. There's fearful sights that people are reporting and your prophets taught us those are investigating judgment angels and before your judgment hits this earth. You warn the people what it is it going to take for people to wake up. Amen. I believe I love them all, Father. I believe they're bride. But some need to get that oil. Yes, Lord. besides trimming their lambs. They got to seek you for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and have that desire to put you first, Father. And Lord, our precious brother uh Newton and his wife are going on a trip, a long trip. Oh, bless him. Protect them. Our brother Micah as well, Father. Oh, may they have a good trip. May you lead him and guide him in all things. May you keep him in the safety of your hands, Father. And Lord, oh, I thank you, Lord, for my cousin that that was safely brought back to her hotel after a a terrible incident. Lord, she claims to be a Christian. I believe that. I believe she trusted in you, Father. And Lord, we want to give you praise, honor, and glory. Amen. For it's unlimited what God would do if we stayed together in unity. It's not by numbers. It's not by uh filled capacities of any churches. It's our hearts uh yielded and united together. It's unlimited what God would do. Amen. When we stayed together. Yes. Oh, bless our pastor Father who brings forth your word. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Thank you, Lord. For judgment must begin at the house of God. That's what we're here for, Lord. We want to just be ready that much more. Your word's the only thing that can do that for us. Granted, God, granted, Father, where we give you praise, honor, and glory. We love you with all our hearts, and we love one another. Amen. In your name we pray. Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. You can be seated if you'd [Music] like. Amen. Appreciate everyone's prayers. Um, as you probably can still tell, my voice still isn't uh up to what it should be. Uh, but the devil's not going to win. So, we're going to have church anyway, and we're going to worship the Lord and praise the Lord and give him all the glory because is more than worthy. Amen. I believe healing has already taken place. You know, just sometimes you have the leftover residuals or whatever of the feeling and my throat's still not back. My voice isn't back to what it should be. But, uh, by God's grace, all is well. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, song number seven, going to sing this, song number seven. Have it on the screen here. Amen. When the re redeemed are gathering in praise the Lord Jesus. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. I will raise the heavenly up in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh when the redeemed are gathering in wash like snow and free from all sin. How will shout and how will we'll sing? When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great possession over all those streets of gold. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh what musical one singing. for that city will be rolled when the redeemed are gathering in. Yes, when the redeemed are gathering in wash like snow and all sing. How we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen. For they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. Yes. When the redeemed are gathering in what's like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout and how we'll see when the redeemed are gathering in. Then the Savior will give orders to prepare that banquet Lord when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. Hallelujah. Yes. with the redeemed are gathering in. We'll wash like snow and keep all s. How we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in one more time. When the redeemed are gathering in well like snow and all sing how will shout and how we'll see when the ring are gathering [Music] in. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What a precious time it'll be saints. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. When the redeemed are gathered. Praise the Lord. We'll be able to meet with our loved ones. Amen. Be with our family. Amen. I never met him. I'll finally get to meet Brother Brandon. Amen. Those saints of old. Amen. Those that gave their lives so that we could have this Bible in print today. Amen. Amen. In our language. Yes. Praise the Lord. But I just want to see the Lord Jesus. Amen. All those are looking forward to, but those are all secondary. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just want to see him. Amen. The one who died for me. The one who saved me. The one who gave his life for me. The one who shed his blood for me. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Anyone have a testimony or anything on your heart today? Yes. She's 83. They said a leak. Oh, okay. She had to hide. She died or whatever it's called. And the came and I and come out in charge. Oh, good. I give God all the glory. Amen. Praise the Lord. God all the glory. Wonderful. Amen. God is good. Amen. Praise the Lord. You don't think about something that simple, but something as simple as plumbing. Amen. It's It's just incredible. God is so good. Amen. asked a prayer for my husband. He was supposed to have surgery, right? And his blood pressure was the doctor. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. His age diabetic. Yeah. So, God all the Yes. Praise the Lord. That's wonderful. 200. That that's that's high. Uh still be alive. That's high. My God. God is good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else in um grounds manager was kind of worried that might have and they found that he has two masses by further test to see how bad. Amen. Yes. What was his name? His name is Yes. Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Yes, he does. Glory to God. Amen. Anyone else? This might be a simple testimony. Sunday and um that Saturday, Sunday morning, I had an attack my knee, my neuropathy, almost anything, my back and and I would had to be able to make it. And I prayed this morning, Lord, I wouldn't go to church. That's my place. Yes. That's where God wants us to be in our place. Amen. Not today. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Wonderful. Amen. That is not a small testimony. Amen. And I felt fine. Honestly, I never felt bad all the whole time. It just that congestion and coughing. I just it just couldn't control it. It was wearing me out and tiring me out and wearing my voice out of course and throat and having to sing and preach is uh was kind of a little bit too much of a mountain for me to climb last Sunday. So, I appreciate everyone uh allowing the time off last week. So, feel better. Voice isn't 100% back, but uh by God's grace, all is well. And unfortunately, a devil jumped on my wife, too. So, she's been uh coughing, too. But, uh God bless her. It's just weird because you wake up and it's it's a lot of congestion, a lot of coughing. I mean, some of you may have gotten I had this. I don't know because some of you been out and coughing and stuff and then in the afternoon during the day usually it's mostly fine really cough here and there or something. Uh but then then when you get ready to go to bed it starts all over again and it's hard to sleep and stuff. So that's kind of where she's at now. But she's doing a lot better. But uh just pray for her too if you would that not that she's not already healed but that that thing will go away in a hurry because you start getting on airplanes coughing. don't like that. So, they don't like coughing on flames very much, even if it is just allergies or something. Uh, but by God's grace, all is well. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand to our feet then. Amen. And we'll go right back to try to where we left off then before Mother's Day again. Uh, hate I miss Mother's Day, but I hope y'all had a blessed and wonderful Mother's Day. Those mothers and Amen. Maybe even Alice had a wonderful day. Amen. Potentially future mother. Uh but anyway, we'll pick up Romans chapter 8. We're going to go to Romans chapter 8 and read a few verses there. We've been reading with this manifested sons of God. Couple more parts here. Um this will be manifested sons of God part 14. Uh part four, excuse me. Adoption part 15, manifested sons of God part four. Amen. Hopefully today we'll try to a few minutes of uh uh who we are, our place, our position, what what belongs to us, what God's given us. Amen. What we have for this. So, Romans 18 uh 8 uh verse 19, we'll start reading, but before we do, can we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Lord Jesus, again, we're very thankful and grateful, Lord, of your blessings and all that you've given and done for us. Lord, we realize in ourselves we are nothing, Father, but just trusting in you, God, the frailties of our body. so many times comes forward, Lord, and uh shows itself, Father, in the frailties of our humanity and the sicknesses and things that go around and allergies and whatever, God. And these bodies just seem subject to so much of that. But greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. And we thank you, Father, for healing. We thank you for blessings. We thank you for giving us the strength, the ability, Lord, to be able to stand for you, God, and to come to this place and to minister and to listen and to sing and to worship. And God, we're so thankful again, thankful for this place, Lord, you've given us and trust you to continue to bless it, Lord, as we commit it to you. Take complete control of the remaining part of this service, Lord, and speak through these lips, Lord, toward you to have us to hear, God. I may anoint every ear to receive, to hear what you have to speak to us today. We're a needy people. We're looking forward to that word to be revealed to us again, shown to us and become ownership in our lives, Lord. It becomes a reality to us. Faith comes from it. Faith is built from it, Lord. And we can stand upon that word and claim what is ours for this day. God blesses as we commit it to you now in the remaining part of this service. your blessings upon it. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Romans chapter 8 verse 19. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who has subjected the same in hope. because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to it the redemption of our bodies. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Now, we went through the last uh the last service that we had. Actually, the last couple of services that we had through creation and through the uh creation of man, through the creation of humanity, uh through the creation of animal life, botney life, and through the possession of what God gave to man, what man's position was to be on the earth. God told him to multiply, replenish, have dominion over the over the fish of the seas, and over the fowl of the air, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. God gave dominion. Amen. We went to recognize that uh we believe that of course that the creation of human was uh that that what God put in the botney life for it to re reproduce. What God put in the animal life to reproduce. Amen. Uh he gave botney life just a seed. He gave animal life a spirit. But he gave in the man put into man and spoke and and breathed into man uh so that man became a living soul. Amen. and found it uh in that that the the man itself can actually act worse than an animal. Uh actually by doing the same thing as an anim animalistic nature, having a soul and a nature and an and a and a an understanding of right and wrong and what it should and shouldn't do actually makes the the the transa the transaction the the uh transgression worse. Amen. knowing right and doing it makes it worse than doing it when you don't know. Amen. If you if you don't know, if there's ignorance and you don't know, then God I believe God holds into a different place of someone that does know better and still does it. And that's what we know as of iniquity. Knowing you should do something and not do it or doing something you know you shouldn't do uh is iniquity. Well, that doesn't fall in the category of botney life. That doesn't fall in the category of animal life. That falls in the category of human life. Man with a soul that knows right and wrong and knows what to do and not do. Uh we know that Adam was given the the book of life. He was given the ability to to speak and to name and to say and uh he could control nature and he could name the he named the animals and uh uh but in his hand was the the book of life to be able to create or to speak uh lives that were to come into existence through the lamb's book of life that was names written on before the foundation of the world. Amen. Each one was to come for forth in its decreed time and season was to be spoken. It was not supposed to be in God's perfect original will to be procreation. Man was not supposed to come forth in procreation. So humans as uh uh humans fell and procreation became the way of man uh control uh being able to control humans as humans are born on the earth. just through procreation. Uh any two uh uh man and woman come together can actually have a child through procreation. Amen. It didn't have to be from the lamb's book of life. Thus, we had a we had an an introduction of the book of life because God holds every life valuable. Amen. Every life is valuable. Every soul is worth 10 million worlds to God. We know that. Amen. And and so God records that life in a book. Amen. But that life in the book of that's the lamb's book of life is contained in that book. Uh contains every name. But in the lamb's book of life is still what has always been and always will be the names that God saw that was in his mind before the foundation of the world. Amen. So that book went as Adam lost it went into the hands of the original owner which was God Almighty. Right? Uh when Adam lost control over the earth over dominion of the earth although man is still to have dominion over the earth but lost its position in the earth as God of the earth or amateur god of the earth as as the almighty God gave them the p uh the position to be able to do that. He lost it into the hands of the one he lost it to which was Satan. So he lost this earth into the hands of Satan and all about it. It came into the hands of Satan. That's why again all creation is groaning waiting to get back to the place that it was before the fall. And what is that? That is the beginning where the beginning of that process is the manifested sons of God. When the manifested sons of God come into come into place, then that is the beginning the starting of that of that uh uh bringing forth of of uh the the rapture and uh the purification of the earth and everything is going to purify itself. Everything explode and and uh the earth is is now as brother Dennis uh prayed. didn't realize that it's going to be a part of what I was going to speak on today, but uh the the earth itself is groaning. Amen. You see the earth's belching, right? You see the the the the earthquakes taking place all over places you'd never heard of before. I read the other day one happened uh in North Carolina, Virginia area. We I don't remember ever hearing about earthquakes when I was a kid growing up in North Carolina. We've had them here in Tucson fairly recently, uh, down by the border, Mexico. You think, oh, these are all supposed to be in California. These are all supposed to be in the Ring of Fire or Japan or wherever the tsunamis and stuff. They're everywhere now because the earth is belching. The earth is volcanoes and explosions and things that the earth is beginning to purify itself because it recognizes and see as it's getting closer to that to that time. Humanity is seeing and recognizing God's bride is seeing and recognizing we're getting closer and closer to that time. Amen. And that manifested sons of God is that key. It's that it's that time that it's groaning for to get to that place. But now recognize when when we are expected when we have gotten to that place of the manifested sons of God comes with the responsibility to be able to to live as sons and daughters of God. manifested sons and daughters of God. There's a responsibility, amen, that comes with that. Uh, and recognizing your position again in the body of Christ. Recognizing that position, recognizing that adoption puts us in the place to understand what belongs to us today. What is our authority? What is our place? What has God given us? Amen. And we saw as we read, we'll read here again uh this quote that we read last week. See, because everything, Brother Ram taught us, everything that Adam lost has now come around and p brought full circle back into God, back into man's hands again. Right? We're still living in Satan's eating. We're still living in this sticky flesh. But that's the only thing that is separating the bride from its true position in Christ. Amen. Which we just read. That is to say, the redemption of our bodies. Amen. Amen. That's all we have left to work to to to to go through saints. We're looking for that that time that that that this body takes a change, a body change to it, the redemption of our bodies. That's the last part. That's the only thing we're looking for. But we understand that there's there's a position and a place that the bride takes. Amen. As she gets up and scales to that to that capstone and she scales and gets and and and narrows itself up to that capstone. This bride has its position now. Amen. Even before a body change, even before we see our loved ones, even before we all go to meet the Lord in the air, there's the position that God's given us here now. And that is to be a manifested son or daughter of God. Manifested that and recognize that everything that Adam lost the full circle that had come. Remember we read what Adam what was in Adam's control. We just reiterated again everything that was in Adam's control. Amen. Except of course for uh the book of life itself, but we're going to get to that. Amen. We're going to try to get to that today. Amen. I don't want to keep too long, but uh everything that Adam had, all of possession, I'll read it to you again in the breach message. If you go listen to the breach message, which I do advise anybody to do, I would not tell anybody not to listen to any tape of brother Brandham, um just be a little weary leerary of of uh some of the things that that he said. Not that they're wrong, but uh a lot of people have taken a from what I've seen in my experience coming up on can I add or subtract coming up on 37 38 years of ministry that I've seen a lot of the what I would consider cow in the tree picking grass out on the limb kind of doctrines. Uh I've seen several of them come from this message, the breach message. Amen. Um, some others too. Uh, Brother Brandham tal brother Green talked about uh the church age book things that uh that in the in in the uh translation or in the uh uh grammarization of it uh some things were changed uh to to say things that brother Vanam really actually didn't say. In fact, I was listening the other day again a little excerpt that brother Green had talked about that he had talked to brother Green about brother Brandham about and said this is what it says. And brother Brandham said and brother Green uh brother Brandham was like oh I I couldn't have said that because if I'd said that it would be anti-scripture, right? Because the Bible says you must be born again. Amen. Amen. He said so I couldn't have taught that. So, Brother Green's like, uh, Brother Green said, "Well, you know, uh, we've printed 20,000 copies, whatever it was. We've printed all these." He said, "Brother Green said, "We'll just take them and have the biggest bonfire you ever seen." You remember him saying that? "We had the biggest bonfire you ever seen," Brother Brandham? He said, "No, don't do that." He said, "We'll just let those go." He said, "Uh, we'll correct it on the next issue." Of course, Brother Brandham left us and there was no other issue. Amen. So that same church age book grammar is grammarized church age book. Now of course the revelation of Jesus Christ which is the church ages as brother Brandham actually preached them is available but the grammarized church age book that's still out there still is the exact same way it was. Amen. So uh the good part about that is those with the Holy Ghost, the Lord will show what is what should or should not be a part of that uh uh uh book. Actually breach brother Brandham was the breach message was preached before the first angel come for the first seal to speak to him about it. Right? The breach was preached with great expectation, anticipation. So was souls in prison and uh messages like that. Trying to think of the other one, but that that brother Brand that there was great anticipation, expectation. Brother Brandham talked about even in souls that are in prison now. Brother Brandham said, "Could that be right now?" Well, we're we're 62 years later, right? So we know it wasn't then. Amen. He said, "Lord, I hope it's not." But you see, as brother Brandham went in the presumption of those things, um, as time went on and as his ministry went on, even from this the breach, as his ministry went on, the truth came forth. Amen. uh which to me more or less I I don't want to say corrected but updated what brother Brandham said here. Brother Brandham was preaching scripture here and we know the scripture is the truth. Amen. And to preach the scripture but brother Brandham preached things that people took as literal right then right there happening at that moment and it wasn't right. It was things that brother Brandon was talking about scripture that was coming up. Could have been right then, could have been a hundred years down the road, he said. But it's going to happen. It's going to be like uh uh like the uh we said several times about uh uh the u the period of time where they'll the they'll we'll still be here and it it'll be over, right? will still be here, but there'll be no more souls saved. Amen. Like brother Vanam typed it like Noah on the ark. Noah went on the ark, but it was a whole week before judgment struck. Amen. But from the time Noah got on the ark till judgment and after nobody could get on that or off that ark, right? Amen. It was over. That was it. And brother Ram said there that will be there is a period of time like that. He likened that period of time to when he was here. But we know we know now 60some years later that wasn't so. Amen. I still don't believe it's so. In fact, I think brother Ram said at one point uh even if it is, we don't need to think like that. We need to we still need to try to do all that we can to help others come to Christ. Right? Uh, I think I per I've told you my personal opinion and this is my personal opinion and that's all it is. Amen. That and five bucks will get you a loaf of bread at the grocery store. But it's just my opinion. I believe that period of time will be after the dead appear before us. I believe the time where the the dead in Christ are here and we actually go in the rapture, that period of time, minimum of 30 days. Brother Brandham, Brother Green says, Brother Brandham said, a minimum 30 days. That period of time, I believe personally, no more, no more will come in. That'll be it. There'll be church services and people coming to the altar and crying and things going on, but the door will be shut at that point. Right. Amen. just like uh Matthew 25 door will be shut and then the rest from that point will go on into the tribulation. But I I I didn't mean to preface this quote with all that I said, but uh sometimes, you know, to to get to a certain point, uh you got to kind of understand what we're going through, what's happening. And a lot of that has come out of that. Amen. out of this message. A lot has come. Uh it's amazing because uh uh I I was sitting with great anticipation week before last. Um and as I was sitting there waiting and the whole world was waiting, is it going to be black smoke or white smoke? And I'm I and I'm waiting. I'm great I'm greatly anticipating. And I just got something that came over me uh before that white smoke and I thought and and it it it and it spoke to me that it's going to be the American Pope. I just believed I knew. So in the SM that then not long after that the white smoke started coming out like oh there it is. There he is. it' be announced here in the next hour or so, whatever it is, because there's that white smoke and then everybody's gonna be and then wasn't long after that, you pick up Facebook and everybody's uh the Pope from America and the quote from Brother Random and which is all true and that's right and I agree with 100%. Everybody I read another one that says, "I guess I know what every preacher's message is going to be on Sunday." I said, "No, I I I don't necessarily have a particular message on that for you other than what I've already preached to you before. Uh these it's like I said, it's u um it's modern events made clear by prophecy, not the other way around." So, uh we have to make sure we keep ourselves clear with that. Amen. We just we know it's at the end time. And honestly, uh, I'll just say this real quick. I honestly believe we've got the right president in office for this all to come to unfold right now. I really do. Um, that that's my opinion, but I I definitely feel that way. And we'll see in the next few years over this next uh the term. Of course, this this pope is really young, too. He's Yeah. Uh 59 69. I forgot. 69. 69. Uh, the president has got three and a half more years in office. Uh, I could see it happening in the next few years, saints. I really could. Amen. Amen. I actually could see it happening in the next few days. But Lord knows a lot of it's coming to pass right now. But let me read this quote. The breach message. Um, brother Ram said it's redemption means all legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. Now that redemption, what is that? Have you been Have I Have you been redeemed? Amen. Amen. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Yeah. That redemption, God redeeming that back means all legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. Now what does legal possession mean? That means that what is what it's done is lawful. Lawful not to the laws of our country, not to the laws of the world, but to God's law. And that's the law we need to worry about, care about, think about. Legal possession. So legally, you legally possess all that was lost by Adam and Eve. It's legal possession. Where is the legal possession of everything that was lost by Adam and Eve? And we read all that was all all that was possessed by them. All that Adam was able to do as God of the earth. All that legal possession now that legal possession left. Now it's come and it's redemption claims through the cross by Jesus Christ brought it right back into man's hands again. Right? Look that redemption claims through all legal possession lost by Adam and Eve. He said he said oh my what that ought to do to a born again Christian. It's legal possession to the abstract deed, titled deed of eternal life means that you possess Oh, listen now. This is this is not skin milk, saints. Eternal life. That title deed to eternal life means that you possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. You possess it. Amen. Everything that Adam and Eve lost, could name, could say, could speak, could stop nature, could do what he wanted. Amen. Amen. Everything that was lost, now is in our possession. You say, "What is the scriptural reference to that, Brother Newton?" Well, we read it the other day. Shall I read it again? We could read it. We could paraphrase it. Matthew chapter 17. What did Jesus tell them that was standing there? Their faith was so weak they couldn't heal that epileptic voice. What did Jesus tell them then? Because of your unbelief, for verily I say unto you, if ye have faith as grain of a mustard seed. Now, where should our faith be? realizing that a prophet of that God through a prophet of God just told us that we possess everything that Adam lost. Amen. We now possess it. What does that mean to us? Verily I say unto you, if you have faith the grain of a mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, and nothing shall be impossible unto you. Amen. You want a scripture reference? That's the best one I know of. Amen. There's others obviously, but realizing that Jesus put in our hands the ability and the legal possession to speak name say do what we of course according to the spirit of God would have to be done that God would put that in the hands of the bride for this last day. Now she has become the possessor of everything that Adam and Eve lost. Right? It belongs to us now. Jesus said if you have faith the grain of a mustard seed. Now again he says how be it these come not but be but by by prayer and fasting but if you say to this mountain be moved and cast into into the sea it has to obey you what greater understanding of what Adam lost. That's exactly what Adam possessed. Move this shade tree. Tell this animal. Move this mountain. He could command it to do whatever whatever he wanted it to do. Amen. And with the nature of God and with the spirit of Jesus Christ moving through you when he unconscions you and gives you that to speak, it is yours to speak. It is yours to say. It is yours to command. It is yours to command. Yeah. when brother Brandham when his wife was sick of that tumor and he went to his knees one more time as his do as his wife was going to the doctor to the hospital for the operation. Brother Vanam went to his knees to pray and God said, "Stand on your feet and speak what you want to happen." Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Ram's in the woods. He said, "What are you here for?" "Squirrel hunting." "Well, how many you need?" Well, he knew three squirrels made a good stew for pot to feed his family. I need three. Amen. Speak it. Speak it. Amen. This be here. Here. You say that's crazy. That was brother Brandham. Uh, excuse me. I I don't think that brother Brandham said he said all that Adam and Eve lost now that I possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. He didn't say that. He didn't say if you have faith the gra of a mustard seed William Brandham you shall say to this mountain. It doesn't say that. It says you. He said you possess we possess. The bride possessed everything Adam lost. If you say to this mountain, Amen. Not just a prophet. Yes, he was in that situation. But brother Random told us that what you've seen temporarily in my ministry through these few things of the speak spoken word, you'll see in the fullness done through the bride. Amen. Oh God help us. Yes. Amen. It's given to us. Yes. You say we go to prayer for that. Sure, I'm okay with that. But when God says speak, you speak. Yeah. Amen. Amen. There is no asking. It is your possession to do. If God tells you, shows you to do something, you do it. Yes. You don't go say, "Well, God, uh, I need your help with this." Well, we all know that. He knows that. We always need his help. But when God says, "Do something, do it." When the spirit of God is touching you, do it. Say it. If there's sickness, if there's uh a a problem, some kind of a a disability, speak to it. Amen. Believe. Have faith. Amen. Now, make sure it's the will of the Lord. Yeah. Amen. You can pray something off some somebody that God put there for their correction or something and God will hold you responsible for that. Make sure it's the will of the Lord. But when you know you've got God, you speak, right? Amen. And we also have the scripture that tells us if we lay hands on the sick they shall recover. We have that as a blanket scripture that we know to be the truth for us. Amen. And just because you can't physically put your hand on somebody doesn't mean you can't spiritually put your hand on them, right? Pray for them. Call on God for them. Amen. Amen. Just because it can't be physical doesn't mean that God doesn't hear. doesn't mean that God doesn't know. Amen. Praise the Lord. All this that God has shown us. Now, let's go um to Colossians, excuse me, let's go uh let's go a little further over in in Romans the 16th chapter. Romans 16. Romans [Music] 16:25. Romans 16:25. Now to him that is of power to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching of Jesus Christ according to the revelation of the mystery. Revelation of mystery. Amen. A mystery is something hid. A revelation is something that has uncovered something that was hid. Right? Revelation of the mystery which was kept secret since the world began. But now is made manifest and by the scriptures of the prophets according to the commandment of the everlasting uh of the everlasting God made known to all nations for the obedience of faith to God only uh to God only wise be glory through Jesus Christ forever. Amen. Now let's one more scripture. We got a couple more scriptures. Colossians chapter 26 uh chapter 1 verse 26 Colossians 1:26 even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations but now is made manifest to his saints. Praise the Lord. A mystery was hid. Daniel spoke of it. He started to get a glimpse. God said, "Seal it up." Amen. John the Revelator started to get it. God said, "Seal it up." Let's go over Revelation chapter 10. Amen. Looking at Revelation chapter 5 for just a moment, I don't want to read it. Read the whole thing, but you can read it if you've not read it. You see that this book of redemption that Adam lost went to the hands of the original owner, God. God sitting here in the fifth chapter of Revelation with that book in his hand, but the book is closed and a mighty angel comes forth and declares, "Who is worthy to take that book and to loose those seals?" Amen. And John started weeping because no man was found worthy. Yes. Nobody, not even brother Brown was found worthy. Paul was not found worthy. No man was found worthy. Yes. To even look on the book much less touch it or open it. Yes. Amen. But one of the elders cried, "We've not, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed to take that book and to loosen those seals." John turned to look to see a lion which is a representative of a judgment. Amen. Judge. Amen. Remember lamb is mercy. Yes. Praise the Lord. Grace, mercy. The lamb is uh the the lion is judgment. So he is both lion and lamb. He gives grace. But friend, one day it's going to switch and he's going to come forth as the lion. When he come forth to take this book, John turned around and looked and he saw a bloody lamb that had been slain from the foundation of the world. Praise God. Amen. You say, "Well, that was only a a short time, a thousand years earlier or whatever, 2,000 years earlier as we look back now." So, that was just that was just No, it was before the God had that in his mind before the foundation of the world. Yes. The lamb that was slain now was worthy to take that book and to loose those seals and to open that book. Now when you look at Revelation 10 1, I saw a mighty angel, another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud. A rainbow was upon his head. He was Jesus Christ, the covenant angel. Amen. With the rainbow of his head, which the the wrong people are trying to steal from us today, right? But it doesn't matter because it's still God's with a rainbow over his head and his face was as it were the sun. His feet as pillars of fire. as Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. The lamb that had just come forth to take the book is now recorded in Revelation 10. And he had in his hand a little book open. Now the book's open. Why? Because the lamb was worthy to take the book and to open the book and to loose the seals. Amen. He was able to do that and had had that book uh the little book open. He set his right foot upon the sea and left foot upon the earth, which a lot of people I have a different understanding. I have revelation of that than a lot of people. But if you jump down to the seventh vers uh the seventh yeah seventh verse now, amen. Notice he coming down with that book in his hand open. Now the seventh verse says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel," praise the Lord. Amen. There was to be a seventh angel. Yes. which we know without going into great detail, we're all mature Christians in the message. We know to be brother Brown. Yes. The seventh angel messenger in the days of his voice of that seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished. The mystery should be finished. Now you go over look and say they said, "But these mysteries that were hid from ages and generations is now being revealed, now being manifested." Of course it was. God always allows his bride, his people to be a part of his life, which is his word. Amen. All down through the church ages, all down through the times, even through the dark ages, they were able to be uh to have a part of that of that word in their lives. In fact, they would be um I I if children at that time were able to quote scripture, they were killed and their parents were killed. And if their grandparents were in the home, they were killed, murdered, ripped apart, all the manner of things they did in the Fox book of martyrs, right? Killed, murdered just because they could quote scripture. God always has a way for his people to get the word. Always. Amen. Amen. Always has a way. So yes, that word was revealed. But look what it says. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be what? Not started. Not midway through. Not a little probe here and there but should be finished. Amen. Yeah. Praise God. So the finishing of that through the opening of that book was to happen through the seventh angel messenger which is today which is the bride which is brother Brandham and the bride of Christ for this day. Amen. Yeah. Oh they had the mystery things that they were showing of course Paul's ministry. If Paul, if there wasn't opening of word, if there wasn't truth of scripture that were to be preached during that time, what would God have needed for Peter or Paul? What would have been the point of Paul's ministry here if he had not brought those things, even stripes and types and shadows of the Old Testament through into the New Testament to explain and to minister that we read it even today, right? Of course, it was the word that was being revealed. Of course, it was mysteries that was being made known. But we know that the opening of this word for this last day given into the hands of a prophet, God revealing that word to his people, revealing to his people who they are and what they possess today. Amen. who we are, what we have, what is your position. That's what we're talking about adoption. What is your position? Amen. In that position, in that placement comes great responsibility. Again, what? Speaking of the word, the word being revealed to us. Now, we know that through the seventh angel messenger, God himself reveals it. I've told you several times I I I politely disagree with what's written on the front of the seal book. It says the revelation of the seven seals, but a revelation is a personal thing. Amen. Right? somebody out on the street or some atheist could go read that book all they want front to back for 50 times and not excuse me not get the revelation of it right the revelation comes from God the revelation didn't come from brother Brandham it comes from God brother Brandham through God preached the truth of those seals and we can see it as it's unfolded through the entire scripture to us now but the The revelation of that has to come from God. Amen. God gives you that revelation. Amen. It's a personalized thing that each one of us are able to possess today because of the truth coming to us. That's why when you can look at that and you can read it, it may that's why it made the Bible a new book as brother Random said. Amen. Yeah. Because it opened the whole thing. Now you can look and see. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. through an open book, through the seventh angel messenger. Yes. Through a prophet for this last day that brought it to our knowing. Amen. Amen. We're such a blessed people today, s Yes, we are. Living in such a time, we don't even realize it. Amen. I want to read a couple quotes here before I close. Adoption number three. Now listen, I ask a historian. Now this is on tape. Now anybody has any question. I know nobody in here does, but there may be people watch this. Listen to this. This goes on tape. This goes all around the world. I ask any historian to come to me and bring me any text of scripture or any text of history, any verse of of history that ever showed that any Protestant that anybody ever baptized in the name of father, soul, son, and holy ghost until the Catholic Church ordained it in the at the Nian council. Okay. Now, that's quite a challenge, especially now, it wouldn't be for me because I'm a nobody. Nobody knows me. But for an a a minister like brother Brandham at this point of his ministry, an international minister has gone around the world, prayed for people, preached to people. for him to make this statement and for those takes to go around the world. Look, for him to put to to put down the challenge to anybody, show him any place in the scripture or in history where anybody was ever baptized in the name of father, son, and holy ghost until the Catholic Church canonize it at NASA Rome. Amen. You won't find it. He said, "Now that's on tape. goes across the world. 37 different languages are translated in. I'll pray, which is kind of interesting. I wonder 1960 if it actually was translated in 37 languages. I know it is today. Makes me wonder if Brother Brandham's looking in the future and seeing what's going on today when it was about. I'd be curious to know if uh what Brother Green were here. 37 languages in 1960. I don't know about you, it seems a little that doesn't seem plausible to me, but maybe it was. I don't know. Anyway, I just read that and it just came to me. Uh 37 languages. Wow. Okay. They're translated. I'll pay your way. Brother Bam said, I'll pay your way across the ocean. That's right. Father, Son, the Holy Ghost is a false bogus Catholic dogma. Amen. Amen. I don't know how to say that any planer. read it any better. It is a bogus Catholic dogma and not a Christian baptism. That's right. Luther brought it back in the Catholic uh church with catechism. Wes he adopted and come on. But this is the day of the manifestation of the sons of God when the mysteries has been hid from the foundation of the world is to be made known. This is that hour. Amen. This is that time, saints. Yes, we're living at that time. Yes, we are. Praise the Lord. And it behooves us. It falls on us. It comes our responsibility to produce that word today. She will have thus sayeth the Lord or she'll keep quiet. Yes. Amen. By God. But that is our position. I it seems to me that we suffer so needlessly sometimes. Yes. When we have the authority to speak absolutely to say to command as God has given us. Brother God didn't tell go back to this analogy. God did not God did not tell the prophet I hear your prayer. He said, "Stand to your feet and speak it." Amen. Don't ask me. Amen. Don't talk to me. Speak it. Yes. Praise God. That command had to be obeyed. Before the doctor's hands can touch it, it'll be gone. Yes. even to the part to where the the the sheet goes back and he goes to put his hand on it and it disappears. Dissipates before the doctor can touch it because that's what he said, right? Reminds me of the the the uh enhancement of the story about the squirrels. He got the first two, shot them up in the right eye, with his 22 rifle. And the third one, he says, "Okay, I'm gonna make this one impossible. Come across here and jump over that limb and go up that tree and go this way and go over there." And I forgot all of what he did, but he made the squirrel go all do all kind of things and do all this stuff. Run up that tree, which a squirrel never goes in. You'll never see a squirrel. Uh I don't remember what it was. I know squirrels don't like pine trees. They used to do a lot of squirrel hunting. And squirrels don't like pine trees. They like hardwood trees. Go up this tree, come on on that limb, and sit right there. And that squirrel came forth, did exactly exactly what he said, went right up that Zach tree, came up that exact lip and came over and stared at him. He shot him in the right eye. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, that was brother Brown. I don't think I need to reiterate the scripture to us again. Amen. Amen. Yeah, it is for him, but it's for us. Amen. Amen. You have faith. Yes. Praise the Lord. You have faith. Adoption four. Let me read this. I'll close. And now this, brother said, this may just choke you to death, but did you know that men that are sons of God are amateur gods? How many ever know that? How many knows that Jesus said so? The Bible, Jesus said, "Did not your law say itself that ye are God's?" And if you call them gods, which the word of God came to, and he stops there, which God said in Genesis 2, that they were gods, because they had full dominion of the dominion over, full domain over the minion of the world. He gave him dominion over all things. And he lost his godship. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain. And Satan took it over. But brother, we are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over again. Amen. Amen. Yes. Well, if we're at the end time, friend, who are these people going to be? If we're still waiting for this to happen, this is one of my one of the things I exasperated on the most. If we're if we're still waiting for manifestation of sons of God then and but yet we're expecting the coming of the Lord any day. That's contradictory. If we believe, if we truly believe that the coming of the Lord is at any day now, and I do, yes, even more so now, and I do, then where are we at in regards to the manifesting sons of God? Amen. We're here. Yes. It it just seems like people get so discouraged because they think that we're supposed to go a every day or something and just speak and all this everywhere. This is supposed to be a daily occurrence. No, it's not. Five times. How old was brother Brandon when he when he passed? 56. 56. How many times it happened in his life? Five times. Now we know all the other things but the spoken word and and he told us that was just an example for us. Yes. He told us that what you've seen temporarily these things happen in my ministry you'll see in the fullness in the bride. Well then where are we? What day are we living? Amen. I believe we're living in this day right now ourselves personally. If you can look back and think in your life in times where even recently these things have happened in your life. Amen. Something you've asked for, something you spoke, something you've prayed for, whatever it be, God still I'm not saying God doesn't honor your prayer. Of course, God honors our prayer. Absolutely. Amen. But it's a time, too, that we the Lord puts it on your heart. Just speak it. Do it. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe we're at that time, but it's not it's not an everyday occurrence. It comes when it happens, when it's needful, when we have need of it. Amen. Who will come back? We're waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Who will come back, shall I say, who are here uh to take it over again. Full circle, waiting for the fullness of time when the pyramid gets to the top. When the full sons of God will be manifested, when the power of God will walk out, hallelujah, and will take every power that Satan's got away from him. Amen. Glory to God. Where we will walk out and take every power that Satan has got away from him. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. It belongs to him. Who? That manifested son or daughter of God belongs to us. take every power that Satan has got away from him. Amen. I I we're just at that time frame. I don't know how else to see it. He's got the logos that went out of God. That is true. That was the son of God. Then he made man little gods. He said if they call those, the word of God came to prophet. They called them gods who the word of God came to. God said to so himself that they were gods. He told Moses, "I made you a god and made Aaron your prophet." Amen. I may act religious, he said, crank, but uh but I'm not. Uh he said, "Oh, when your eyes can come open, when your eyes can come open and see those things." All right. He made man of God, a God in his domain, and his domain goes from sea to sea, shore to shore. Again, my understanding, my revelation of when Jesus came with the book open and put his foot, one foot on land and one foot on sea, that covered the whole thing. Right? Amen. People make something different out of that. I won't go into that, but that's my revelation of it. Short to shore, he has control of it. When Jesus came, being the one God without sin, he proved it. When the winds blowed, he said, "Peace be still." And when there's a uh and when there was a tree, he said, "No man eat from thee. Verily I say unto you this these little gods, if you'll say to this mountain, be moved." Again, scripture we read, "And don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have whatsoever you've said." Amen. Go right back to Genesis original. What is it now? The world and nature is groaning, everything moving what? For the manifestation of the sons of God. When true sons, bore sons, fil sons speak and their word is backed. Amen. Your word is backed. Not backed by the government, but backed by heaven backed by God. I believe we're brother said, "I believe we're right on the border of it right now." Well, what did we go back to one of our very first messages in this adoption series? What did we learn about the waving of the sheath? Yeah. Amen. The first one to come to maturity. The first one in this last day. The first one to come to that place. The first one, not the only one. The first one. Brother Brown waved over the people. Brother Bram said, "What you seen in mine in the fullness of the bride, waving over the people." Praise the Lord. Thank God we still have videos we can watch. We have uh thousands of tapes we can listen to, right? Amen. Experiences go back on testimonies and things we know to be true. Books, tapes, testimonies. Oh, friend, it just it just baffles the mind. That is where we are today. Filled sons speak and their word is back. I believe we're on the border. He says now, yes, sir. Say this mountain, I'm a believer in Jesus Christ. I give it to you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. There's a manifestation. Oh brother, my crops are burning up out yonder. I ain't had any rain. I'll send you rain in the name of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, waiting, groaning, all nature waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Where are we? Amen. Amen. I believe that's where we are. Yes. I sit down and think about it, friends. How many times even in the simple thing that that has happened? Yeah. Amen. I had one time that well maybe I shouldn't call names but that I was going to meet a brother I I I needed to talk to and hadn't seen for a little while and we were going to play golf together and the forecast was rain. Look around, rain everywhere. And I I ask the Lord. You say, "You spoke it. I asked the Lord that it it's it may rain over the entire city, but it's not going to rain where we are." Now, it didn't do that. It still rained, but it never rained or drop where we were. And I was able to meet with the brother, talk with him, and do the things that I mean, it's a whole backstory to it, but I'm just telling you the things that that the thing that happened simply because of the desire of my heart and and I believe the spiritual need that was there. Amen. And the Lord met that need. Speed here, I'm a farmer. My crops are drying up. I got no rain. Speak the rain. Yes. Rain come. Amen. Believe. We just got to have believe. Faith. Look at where we're living today. Amen. The earth is groaning. I didn't get to that part. The earth is groaning. Amen. I backgrounded a little bit, but didn't get to where I wanted to in the scripture. We'll do that next week, Lord. Well, well, next time, Lord willing. But we're at that place right now, saints. Yes. This this is who the bride is to be. This is who she should be today. Amen. And by the grace of God, just in the few nine years we've had this little church going, I've seen so many times that God has manifested it to us and your lives individually and to our lives individually and as a church as a whole, as a group. I I mean I I wish we had recorded for posterity every testimony we've gotten of answered prayers and things that God has done and moved just for us. Yes. I I it would it would be a lot. I just say that it would be a lot. Praise the Lord because that's who God is. That's what God's given us. That's who we are today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if we could. I'm going to stop there and get to where the next part for next time. Amen. But for now, that that God has given us, we're looking to. It's our position. It's our place. Amen. By the grace of God. Amen. I'm so thankful he's given it as a promise of his word. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing this verse. Sing it. Seems like I sing it quite a bit, but I was thinking of something that just keeps coming back to my mind. Amen. And of course, the Lord has me turn right to it first time. So 493 I want to live. Amen. Must be a reason then 493. We'll sing it. Amen. Get pulled up here. We'll have on the screen. Even though we probably sang it enough, everybody should know it. And our hearts desire to obey it. Amen. Let's sing it. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my Lord. Oh, him now. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love. I'll this way one time now. I'm going to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my own. Yes, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. It's all our desires to want to live the way he wants us to live. Amen. To be in that position. Because the one thing, in my opinion, that hinders our faith the most is when your heart condemns you. Yes. When your heart condemns you, it's hard to have confidence and faith towards God. Yes. Amen. But if you're in the right place, Amen. living the way that the scriptures tells, obey his word. Amen. That flow of faith is free. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. God bless you today. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen you in some way. Amen. Appreciate each one that's come and was with us this morning. Amen. I miss Shariah. Was she not feeling well? Amen. Amen. You feeling better? Your back's feeling better? Yes. Thankful for that. So, God bless you richly. Remember, we will not have another service here until June 8th. Amen. June 8th will be the next service that we have here. The next two services, me and my wife will be out of town. Uh so again, we do appreciate your prayers very much for that. Uh June 8th will be a travel day for me, but the way he has me scheduled right now, I should not have to change uh service times. So Lord willing, our next service, June 8th, will be at our regular 10:30 time. Supposed to go to California and uh there's a a little later. So, shouldn't have to worry about that. If anything changes or anything, of course, I'll let you know that as of right now, June 8th, that'll be our next service and u we'll have our regular 10:30 time. So, so Lord richly bless you. Uh we could pray about the Lord's will of uh it would come. I I I can't it just doesn't leave my mind. I really would like to get that place next door. I wish we could afford it. um because it it would help things in here. We we wouldn't have to go outside to go to the bathrooms. It would just be in the back door there. Uh open open up the wall right here for us to come through for I'd leave this all the same and just make that the vest field out there and lock that door uh and put that as the entrance up there and have that for fellowship and uh a room for gathering or dinners or uh bathroom. And anyway, so we'll see. Uh, whatever the Lord wants, that's what matters the most. I'm happy with what we got. Not complaining, but maybe that's just my human ambition, my human desire. Amen. But thankful for what the go for what the Lord has done for us. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, God richly bless you. Appreciate your prayers uh as me and my wife go out of town and uh appreciate the Lord keeping safe and healthy. God bless you. Does anyone else have anything before tomorrow? Is it tomorrow? I missed it. Some reason I was thinking it was another week down the road or something. Of course, we weren't going to be here anyway. So, thank you for bringing it up. Amen. So, Gabriel's going to be 10 years old. Yes. Wow. Double digits. Praise the Lord. That is big. double digits. Happy birthday, Gabriel. Praise the Lord. Anyone else? God. Bless you. Love you. Appreciate Brother Danny. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Your pres. Thank you, Lord. My pastor's heart. A strong message. your faith and just believing in Jesus because that's what it's all about. Yes. Amen. To uh pray for all the people that need prayers and Yes. for pastor and his wife traveling for other people traveling as well. Jesus. And it was a message today too of so many things changing and hopefully the rapture will be soon on. Yes. Amen. Lord for all of us to have a good week, a safe week and that the Lord's preparing will be here this day. Say in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
