################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-30 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6292025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-30
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/29/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sNyELVndaI
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/29/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] you're [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. All fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life it's worth the living just because he lives and because he lives [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is gone. And because I know [Music] he holds my future and the life it's worth the living just because he liv. We sing it one more time as we stand to our feet. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all my fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh saints, what did we ever do to deserve that? What did we ever do to earn the grace of God, to earn his presence, to earn his love? We never could. It's just because he loves us. Amen. Sometimes you can't explain it. You just believe it and accept it. Amen. And it's just God. Praise the Lord. It humbles you to think about how much the Lord loves us, what he's done for us, given to us. beyond measures, beyond belief. It's beyond human comprehension. Amen. But he still does. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. God bless you this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Greetings in the name of the Lord Jesus. Good to see each one. You're streaming. God bless you today. Amen. We're going to go to the Lord in prayer. Open our service today. Amen. And just expect the Lord to visit with us as he always does. Lord Jesus. Father, again, we come to this place, Lord. when we come to this designated time uh trusting and believing Lord that you're going to honor your word that where you said two or three are gathered that you would be in the midst gathered in your name Lord and we've come in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ not the name of a denomination the name of a pastor a man or some entity we come in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because you are our Lord and Savior you are God you are the only God there is no other God before ye Lord you are God and Lord to you alone do we worship and praise. We thank you for this time. We thank you Lord for the service. We thank you Lord for these people that have come Father and those who may be watching today or may be watching in the future. But Lord we just pray God now that you more than anything come and move in this place in a supernatural way and sweep through here Lord as you did on the day of Pentecost and fill all this house where we will be sitting. God bless each one of us. Strengthen us. Help us. encourage us, heal us, bring us, Lord, closer to you, God, that when we leave this place, we'll say it was truly good to be in the house of the Lord because our hearts burned within us as you spoke to us, Lord. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hint, or infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. We commit it to you now in the precious, holy, loving name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Turn with me over to Psalm number 19 if you're watching or you want to in the book. We'll have it on the screen here. Amen. God still moves. Praise the Lord. I'm just so glad that God still moves. Amen. Amen. A lot of people give up on him. A lot of people think it's done. The moving of God is done. Amen. But he still moves. Where are his people? Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it to him. God still moves. [Music] God still moves [Music] in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. [Music] God still moves. Yes, God still moves. God still moves. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, God still moves. moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep, [Music] [Applause] nor does he slumber. God still moves. [Music] God still moves. Hallelujah. God still moves. [Music] God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep. Nor does ye slumber. God still moves. Yes, God still moves. Oh, one more time now. God still moves. moves. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep, [Music] nor does he slumber. God still moves. Yes, God still moves. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, praise his name. Oh, I'm so thankful. He still moves, saints. Praise the Lord. In the hearts of his people, he still moves in our lives. He's still we with us. He never leaves or forsakes us. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now 419. Amen. 419. We'll sing this together. We'll have it on the screen. God is still moving by his spirit over all the earth. Hallelujah. Signs, wonders. God's moving. Still moving today. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing it now. God is moving by his spirit moving over all the earth. Signs and wonders when God moveth. [Music] Move, oh Lord, in me. God is moving. Amen. By his spirit moving over all the earth. [Music] Signs and wonders when God moveth. [Music] Move, oh Lord, in me with all our hearts. Now God is moving by his spirit moving over all the earth. Signs and wonders when God moveth. Move, oh Lord, in me. One more time now. Yes, God. He is moving by his spirit, moving over all the earth. Signs and wonders when God moveth. Move, oh Lord, in me. Yes. Move, oh Lord, in me. How many wants that this morning? Amen. Yes. Move, oh Lord, in me. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, move, oh Lord, in me. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, saints, we get on that other side. Amen. And all of life's work is done. Yes. I long to hear those precious words. It was well done, my good and faithful servant. Yes. Amen. Enter ye into the joys of the Lord. Not that I did everything I could have maybe, although I desire that. But I done everything that the Lord called and commissioned me to do. Every place he wanted me to go, I went. Everywhere he wanted me to go, I I went. Whatever he wanted me to do, I did it. Whoever he wanted me to see, I saw him. Whatever he wanted me to say, I said it. Yes. Oh, God. Moving us today, Lord. Moving us today, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer. Number 609. Amen. 609. Hallelujah. God is good all the time. Yes, he is. Amen. He's good all the time. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Good all the time. Let's sing it. Praise the Lord. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my voice all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, God is good all the time. Well, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, well, do not fear, for he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound, cuz he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good. Hallelujah. All the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Yes. All the time through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Yes. God is good all the time. We were sinners, so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. And he filled us with his spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they can never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Yes. all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, God is good all the time. Yes, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this part of my God is good. Yes. all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, God is good. Oh, God is good. My God is good. Yes, he's good. My God is good all the time. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. We can anchor our souls in that, saints. We can have faith in that. We can be strong in the Lord because we know that he is always with us. He never leaves us even in our darkest hour. Oh, it's like that footprints in the sands of time. Oh, why through my darkest time that did I only see one set of footprints? That's cuz I was carrying you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I feel like there's in my life, saints, there's very few places where there's two sets of footprints. I think most of the time in my life, there's only been one. Amen. Cuz it seems like it feels like he's always carrying me. Amen. Praise the Lord. I love him with all my heart. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful mighty God we serve, saints. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Have a couple prayer requests to mention this morning. Amen. Brother Danny text me and I guess a freak thing happened at his apartments. Uh some gardener was trimming some trees, I guess, and busted a hornets's nest. So, they still got hornets all over the place, and it was advised that their apartment complex recommended to stay indoors. Yes. Uh, so that's kind of a tough situation. Don't want to get stung by Hornet. They are pretty They're pretty rough fellas. So, please pray for Brother Danny. Just trust that he's got food and things to sustain and not have to worry about leaving or having somebody come in. So, just pray that the Lord would help him and get rid of these, have them find another home or something. Also got a text from Shereai this morning and said that they were ready to come to church. uh and getting ready to come and Gabriel and Alice woke up with sore throats and stuffy and coughing. So, uh please remember little Gabriel and Alice this morning not feeling well. Amen. The Lord will just touch and help them. We want to continue to remember brother Dennis, Danny, and Arlene, their sister, and the Katie family uh with the passing of uh brother Dennis and Danny and Arlene's brother Frank uh this past week. Yes. Come out. Uh someone told me yesterday had a massive heart attack. Amen. So he was well known in the Catholic community. I guess he had u been preached at several I don't even know what they call dascese uh church just church okay uh around town. So he was very well known and and loved from what I know. So uh but please remember the remaining family uh as they continue to grieve over the passing of Frank uh Katie uh this past week before. So, uh, they had the viewing and all yesterday and my wife went and was so thankful, so sorry to not be able to be there. Uh, but, um, my wife was able to be there. So, I'm thankful for that. Amen. So, please remember them in prayer. I appreciate your prayers this last week. I could still use your prayers though. Uh from the time that I got to the airport last Sunday till I landed this yesterday morning and Sonia picked me up or I was actually was I logged 90 hours on my on my phone. Uh 90 90 hours of being clocked in. Uh from the time I got to the airport last week to the time I got to the airport yesterday morning or yesterday afternoon was n right at 90 hours. 90 a little over 90 hours. uh put about 70 oh I don't know 70 70 70 some hours in this past week of actual work on the job site. Uh so I'm I'm I'm a little tired. I think my longest our longest day was 16 hours. Our shortest was 14 and a half hours. So it was a long grueling week. Uh we didn't make our deadline. We were supposed to have the place open Friday morning. Uh but everybody was working so hard to get it all done. But it was done before we left. They weren't quite washing cars yet, but it was all done when we left late Friday night. Uh, but I appreciate your prayers for that. My fingers are still I told Sonia this morning, my fingers swell up all the time when I when I do especially specific jobs, I can't even move my ring. Usually under normal conditions, I can take it off still, but I can't even move it this morning. Uh, so I appreciate your prayers. Uh, please pray for Joel also this morning. Uh he's going to have his uh drum recital this afternoon at 4:00 at the Guitar Center on Broadway. Anybody wants to go, you're obviously always welcome to go. Uh 4:00 this afternoon, the Guitar Center on Broadway. Uh and he's not as nervous as he used to be. Uh but I know he still appreciates our prayers. So if you'd pray for him that I see Sister Julie's not here and Sister Karen and them still in the mountains, the pads. Um I see brother Steve and sister Anna this morning as well and also I'm sorry sister I just my also was for sister Lydia and also uh I was kind of kind of saving her for last actually I I don't know if that's good or bad but I knew it was going to take a little lengthier time to explain her situation but sister Lydia uh is in a great condition physically the doctors have given her up uh the cancer is coming back uh she couldn't eat, couldn't get her strength back, but the cancer they say is the doctors say the cancer has come back and there's nothing they can do and she's in such a depleted physical condition, they don't want to give her chemo or radiation or anything anymore. Uh so uh when medicine is finished, when doctors are finished, when science is finished, and they've all of the world's smartest men have given up, it's God's time. Amen. It's God's time. So my prayer for Sister Lydia, now it's God's time. And I pray that God is going to show to the rest of that family the thing that Sister Lydia has always wanted that they're going to see that God is real. That God is alive. God's going to touch Sister uh Sister Lydia. I believe in prayer that we're going to believe together that the Lord's going to touch Sister Lydia. And without a touch of the Lord, she won't be here very long. Uh she's at home. She's at she's in an at home hospice care. Uh, so please remember her in prayer. Lord, would you just touch her? Amen. I give you my testimony. That's what I believe. Amen. I want us to try to believe together for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. She's a precious sister and she held she held strong and she held true and she was faithful and um I believe she is still. So please remember her in prayer if you would. Amen. Anyone else have a request on your heart this morning for the entire day? Dennis, did you have her? Yes, brother. Continue to remember in prayer. Um, she had a preop this past Tuesday. She'll have surgery on July 10th. She's a little nervous. This is the second surgery just in the matter of few months between. So, we know our able. Amen. Make a way and touch him. Yes. Yes. Praise the Lord. Sounds like with everything going on, talk to Brother Dennis, I hope he doesn't mind me saying this, she's been a lot more inquisitive to Brother Dennis about scripture and things lately. So, amen. We just see the hand of the Lord moving in her. Yes. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Let me uh say this since you brought it up. God bless you. I just shared the quote what brother Graham said about the pope coming out of America and uh she took it the only thing which I believe it's a lying spirit the heavenly spirit she cannot take now preaching and brother Brown when he gets anointed wow he sets us on fire there's people like her it bothers her and that's why I had to read that quote and um just pray that she's starting to soften her heart more. Amen. Like you said, good. But that's that's one thing that's holding her back. Praise the Lord. We call it anointed preaching. Yes, it's anointed. Amen. To me, I've been in both. Uh I can tell the difference between an anointed minister and just the one that's yelling. There is a difference. But I understand that. Uh brother, she's not the only one. Anyone anyone else have an unspoken request? Always do. Let's stand to our feet if we could ask brother to this. Lord Jesus, it's an honor to be in your house once again. Yes, Lord Jesus. Lord, you said when two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be in our Amen. Yes. And that's what makes it all worth it, Father. There's more than three of us, not much more. But Father, we know that your presence is here. We know you're here to hear our needs and meet our needs according to your Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We know, Father, that the enemy, the devil's fighting us harder than ever before. when the people your people that are called by your name that should humble themselves and be gathered together that much more knowing the days are numbered then end is almost here. Yes. But they're staying away from your house. They're staying away from praying like they should. They're staying away from reading your word, Father. They're staying away from paying their tithes and giving their offerings. Lord, it's these are simple things. You have made yourself the greatest one of all, the creator of heavens and earth, the creators of the universe. Amen. Hallelujah. You have made yourself simple to be understood. You have sent a message by your grace as your word said you would to get a bride ready for a rapture. Amen. Yes. But like you spoke to Israel at one time, I have stretched out my hands to a disobedient and a gains people. And I believe that's what you're doing to your bride right now. I have stretched my hands to a disobedient engagement that refuse to line up with my word. I heard your prophet say, "Father, that you'll be a small group that'll fully embrace the revelation of this word, of the message of the hour." Amen. We're seeing it, Father, when people know that the end time is right before scripture and prophecy is being fulfilled. Churches that believe the word for the hour should fill up, but it's doing the opposite. We love them. Deal with their hearts, Father. Yes, God. Bring your people fully and disobedient to you where whatever it takes. And Lord, my brother, he told me just before service started that these hornets were landing on the screen doors of the people of his apartments. These are devils. We rebuke you, Satan. In the name of Jesus Christ, you have no hold on God's people. We adjure you to leave and get these hornets away from my brother's complex. And Lord, our precious sister Lydia. Oh Lord, our dear precious sister that has suffered so much. Lord, we serve a God of the impossible. We stand on your word. Amen. That if two shall agree on any glory, it shall come to pass. Thank you, Lord. Fors seek my kingdom and my righteousness and your your desires shall be be met should be full. Jesus. And father, our sister, we know you can heal her even now completely. Let your will be done. We believe complete and totally deliverance from this cancer. Amen. But father, if it's your will for her to go home, may she not suffer much. Amen. Yes, Lord. Lord, for we know we'll see her soon if you're going to take her in that glorified body. Oh, God. And father uh the other requests I trying to remember oh lord my wife who's having surgery you're opening her heart you're touching her heart I couldn't even mention brother Brandham to her where she'll get so hard and angry but now Lord she's somewhat listening you can open up her heart completely to the truth of your revealed word for this hour that Lord we know that you are in control of this surgery that's coming up. You're our great physician, our high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Amen. And with your stripes, we are healed. Thank you, Lord. Sister Sharia, the precious children that are sick this morning. May you touch him as well. Grant it, God. And bless our brother, Lord. He worked long hours. He's tired, but he's a faithful servant. He wants to be used of thee this morning. speak through him that our hearts will be that much stronger in the faith as your word comes forth. Thank you, Father. Grant every unspoken prayer request, may their cuff runth over they as they reach out to you. In your name we pray in the name of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise God. We're going to go over to song number 698. Amen. Songs number 698. I had this song on my heart. I hadn't sang it in a while, but when I wrote up this list, it came on my heart. And then I felt that u maybe I hope maybe sister Lydia might be watching. I'm going to sing this in dedication to her this morning. Amen. Amen. 698. He's God on the mountain. Yes, he is. Amen. Help me sing it, too. You know, you know this is a hard one for me. So, help me to sing it now this morning. Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known. But then things changing. You're down in the valley. [Music] Well, don't lose faith, boy. You are never alone. Cuz the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, [Music] he makes them right. And the God of the good times, he's still God in the bad times. The God of the days is still God in the night. We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain. [Music] The talk comes easy when life's at its best. But it's down in the valley of trials and temptations. That's when faith is really put to the test. For the God of the mountain [Music] is too high in the valley. When things go wrong, he makes them right. And the God of the And let's sing that last verse again. We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain. The talk comes so easy when life's at its best. but is down in the valley of those trials and temptations. [Music] For that's when faith is really put to the test. For the God of the mountain, he's still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he makes them right. And the God of the good times, he's still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. One more time. All the God of the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times, he's still fighting the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. Yes. The God of the day is still God in the night. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh, thank you, God. Thank you, God. Thank you for always being there, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, saints, he's always there. Amen. Even when it doesn't feel like it, look like it, seem like it, he's always there. Hallelujah. Brought us through some of the roughest times, some of the hardest times, some of the bad times in life. Amen. He's still there. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. I love with all our heart. You love him this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Things go wrong, he makes them right. Yes. Amen. I just love singing God inspired songs. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's so true. Such a message. Amen. Praise the Lord. God. Amen. Anyone have a testimony or something on your heart this morning? Yes. I pray for my uncle and that Tuesday night he was really discouraged Wednesday morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. But unfortunately he fell out the couch and taking a nap. But anyway, God touched. Amen. Right. Praise the Lord. Yes. God shows you in both ways he's still God. Amen. He'll show you he's God when you fall off the couch. He'll show you he's God when he when he heals your hand. He's still God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Sheila. I've been noticing [Music] making making money making things. Of course, there's [Music] there's both. And yet, Thursday in where someone could have hit me. Wow. Wow. It's a lot. Amen. Was were very close. Yes. Amen. Acknowledgement. Recognition and acknowledgement. Amen. Recognizes the Lord and you acknowledge him in it and give him thanks and praise. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Even when something might happen like that, God is still present. Amen. God is still there. God always makes a way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else in? Yes. Uh yesterday, you know, with Frank service. Um I had an opportunity to talk to some of my family members I had seen in decades. And um I told them that Frankie's life is to God that this his life is done and just little things I was able to testify and um I also was able to speak to the head priest. Uh I never will call him father because that's an abomination where I've been called and I thank him. He did so much to get that service together. And I must testify for the glory of God. I told my wife in that service yesterday that I couldn't pray. It was such abomination doing something saying pray to Mary. I couldn't pray. I walked into this little sanctuary. I could feel the presence of God. Yes. I could pray and I just could worship God. Amen. and my family. I I owe my faith and my obligation to the Lord first and after I was there bringing the people when the rosary started, we left because that's not a part of our our faith. And um then sister Sonia showing up was another testimony, a sister, a walking epistle read of all men. Amen. And so, you know, every little thing that we do, live that life and we're walking Bibles. Yes. Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord. Wonderful. Amen. God is good. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand to our feet if we could. Go ahead and turn the scripture. Romans chapter 8. Amen. Our adoption chapter. Uh Romans chapter 8. Start verse. We'll do 14-1 17 again. Amen. Romans 8:14-17. Starting on adoption part 19, positioning Christ part three. Amen. And uh I guess just getting few more parts of it because I'm just I'm basically just trying to stop at a place where I feel led. Amen. Amen. And Lord willing, we just we try to pick it up the next the next time. I found out uh Sonia was telling me last night and talking to some other people. There's two or three other me ministers, you know, around and preaching on adoption, too. I had no idea, but the Lord knows in us while we try to do what we can for the glory of the Lord. Yes. Amen. Romans chapter 8:14. Let's just bow our heads for another word of prayer if we could. Precious Jesus, so very thankful again today, your grace, your mercy, Lord. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Feeling your presence, Lord, and knowing that you are the same, God. I I just I have to be honest with myself and this congregation. If I didn't feel your presence right now, I'd probably leave. But God, because I know that you are here, and I know that you are present, and I know your word is true, and I know you're going to bless us and strengthen us and speak to us, Lord. God, then anything and everything we can do, God, to be a praise, to be a help, to glorify and magnify you, God, we want to do it. We just commit ourselves to you, Father, and just pray the remaining part of this service, Lord. May you speak through these lips towards you to have us to hear, Lord, not return it and return it, Lord, unto us according to your perfect will of why you sent it forth for. We trust you this morning, Lord. We pray, God, for those who weren't able to make it for some reason, Lord. And God bless those that have come, those may be watching. Lord, we just commit it to you, Lord, now and just uh commit myself into your hands. Let it be according to your perfect will and your word as you speak to us this morning in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. In Romans chapter 8, verse 14. Amen. We'll read again. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, aba, father. The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God, and if children, then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. You could be seated if you'd like. Amen. We left off last week in talking about the our callings, our elections, the uniqueness, uh making our calling and election sure, making sure that we understand that God has uh brought us through and has handpicked us for specific time, for specific place, for specific reason. Amen. And God has placed us where he wants us to be of use to him, to be in service for him. and recognizing the scripture says that we recognize and do these things that we cannot fall. Amen. Amen. We will not fall. We continue to stand in the glory of the Lord and we stand in his presence and stand on his word and stand on what God has given us. So that the scripture says we've done all to stand. Stand therefore. Amen. So we continue to stand. We continue to press this battle. We continue to do what the Lord called us to do. Don't despise. Remember, we talked about last week and we talked about that little washing, not despising what God has uh done for us or where God's put us or what God's called us to do. We don't despise those things. We don't uh try to be something we're not. We don't try to fulfill a position we don't belong in. We don't try to uh uh do any carnal impersonations. We want to be who God has made us and what God has made us only. and put in that place because you recognize God has made us for that purpose. God has put us there for that purpose. God raised us in the home, the family, the people, the family, the parents, and all exactly to bring us to who we are. Now, I want to go to Psalms chapter uh 139. Read one verse of scripture. Amen. Psalm uh Psalms 139 and 14. Amen. Psalms 139 and 14. Amen. We all know the scripture very well. It's uh songs have been made about this scripture. Of course, this is a psalm. So, but I mean modern uh songwriters have written songs including this scripture. Amen. But I want to read it this morning. Psalms 139:14. I will praise thee for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Amen. Praise the Lord. Marvelous are thy works and that my soul knoweth right well. Now the Bible says David recognizing that I am and you have to be that I. Not I, but you I and all of us eyes. We're all eyes. Amen. Amen. I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Now look at this word fearfully. of course we know means uh reverently. It's in reverence. Uh God created us. God made us. Uh each individual, not just Adam, not just man in the beginning, but you individually, you purposefully. Amen. I believe he made Adam purposefully to be what Adam was to do what Adam did to be the man that Adam was. Even with the fall, God called Adam for a purpose. Amen. For a reason. Even though we may fall, even though we may make make mistakes, even though we may do things uh that are contrary or displeasing, the Lord still made us for that purpose, for that reason. Amen. We got to also recognize that God made because brother Brandham said so. It's not my words. God made Hitler to do what he did, right? God made Hitler, the man, he made him at that time, at that place, in that situation, to do what he did. Yes. You can't think that anything is out of God's control. Everything is in God's control. Amen. Amen. Although Satan's Eden belongs to Satan and it's evolving into the place that we know it to be just a demonic place this earth is, but God is still in control regardless of what it is. And and he but we were fearfully. Amen. Reverently and wonderfully. Now, wonderfully is a beautiful word because you go look it up. It talks about being distinguished. Amen. Being distinguished, being one of a kind. You weren't just fearfully made, but you were made to be one of a kind. Amen. You were made to be distinguished. You were made to be distinctive from everybody else for a purpose that God's made you above anything else. Like we said, uh there may be thousands of pastors that God made. Amen. There may be uh tens or hundreds of thousands of ministers that God made. There may be tens of thousands of pastors that God made to fill that specific position. But nobody can fill that one specific position, that one specific pullpit, that one specific church, but that person that God called. Amen. Amen. And God called for that reason, for that purpose. Amen. Just like uh we read the uh God called that scripture that quote that brother Graham was talking about. God called this mother and God called this farmer and God called this to be that mother to be that farmer to be that housewife whatever the position is. But see there may be millions of housewives. There may be there may be millions of farmers but there's only one specific one for that purpose. Right. Amen. adoption wonderfully one of a kind that and that goes back to our first Peter scripture. Amen. You're calling an election. Remember what election was? Our election was handpicked by God. Yes. Amen. Well, David's basically saying the same thing. Wonderfully made is made. You're made as one of a kind. You were made distinctively. You were distinguished. God called you for a purpose. Amen. And David recognized that. So, we want to be who God's made us to be. We want to live the life and be the person that God made us to be. No carnal impersonations. No trying to take somebody else's place. No trying to be like somebody else. But be the one that God called you to be. Be that pl be that person. Fulfill that position. Brother Bram said this. Now Wednesday night, many of you wasn't there Wednesday night. We got into I believe the third verse uh fifth verse on unto adoption or adoption or placing a people. How that God trying to place his people and when God places one look what he says now when God places one then all the whole church wants to be like that one right? Amen. Have the same kind of things do the same things. You see it's the same way. I I found it striking. I never really said it in a sense, but there was a brother that we were talking to and uh about another brother, not gossip, but just how the people are doing and stuff. But that that that brother had left the message. He was a pastor and he had left the message. And when he left the message, uh he kind of just let the congregation go and the people just started living all kinds of lives and dressing all kinds of ways and women cutting their hair and all these things. I'm thinking I if if if you've lived this way this whole time, Amen. and you can flip just like that because somebody said it's not important anymore that then you are just living legalism. Right. If if you're living the way you live because God revealed it to you, I don't care what anybody else says. Nobody can change that because God gave it to you. Not a man, not a preacher, but God. When God reveals it to you, I do this and I live this way because I have conviction that God revealed this to me and now I know this is the way God wants me to live. And if you want to change just like that just because uh you may have left the message or the pastor, preacher, whatever says something different or something, then you didn't have it to start with in my opinion. I mean, I hate to say it that way, but that's the truth. you never had it start with. You were just living legalism. And see, that's the problem. A lot of people don't seem to understand. They all think that all we do is legalism, but it's not. It may be a a lot of people may live in legalism. But there's a majority of people or or I'll just say at least God's bride aren't living legalism. They live the way they live because they have conviction, because they have a revelation from God. Right? Not because somebody preached it or or a pastor said it, but because God revealed to you this is what he wants from you. This is what he wants you to do. This is how he wants you to live. Right? Amen. And God when God shows that, then that's conviction. Then then it's over. that that struggle, that battle is finished to get there and say, "Well, I wonder if God would be okay if I just cut a little bit of hair or I wonder if God would be okay if I just, you know, if I just uh got drunk a time or two or I just I wonder if God would be okay." No, there's no conviction to that. See, when God reveals it to you, the battle's over. Amen. There's no more struggle. There's no more strife. Uh there's there's nothing anybody can say that'll talk you out of it, right? Amen. or shame you into it. I know sometimes the guys they do it goofingly, funnyly, but but every once in a while they'll try to they'll try to uh oh, what do you joke it into uh having me drink or something? Um I I forgot what it was the last job somebody said. Well, that's See, that's because he drinks uh it's the drinking beer does that or something. And and I'm like, well, well, he drinks all the time and he's not like this. But, you know, just doing silly stuff to try to make you feel ashamed that you don't drink or something like that. That's just a devil. There's nothing going to change that. It's nothing going to make me uh divert to be something. God's God has revealed to me, amen, who I'm supposed to be and how I'm supposed to live. And nobody can tell me any different. Right. And if you can and if you had that struggle, if there's that to turn you just like that, it was never there to start with. That's right. Amen. That conviction was never there. That conviction was never never there. Revelation never there to begin with. Amen. But God trying to make his people look the whole church wanting to be like that one. What is that? That's just carnal impersonation, right? Amen. There's no revelation to that, right? There's no conviction to that. Amen. No matter how good that person might be at impersonating somebody else. And honestly, I think I may have mentioned this before. I know at least one specific very well-known minister in this message who told me that he purposely patterned himself after another well-known minister's me uh ministry told personally. I know for a fact that he purposely mimicked this other minister. He told me that. That's just carnal impersonation. Amen. Amen. He may be great at it. I mean, he may be a pastor that's got a church full of people, but that's just carnal impersonation. Amen. God didn't call me to be like so and so. He didn't call you to be like so and so. He called you to be who you are. Brother Abraham said, "We are cut out different. We are made different. We are nature different. We are positionally placed different. Each for a different work. Maybe one for just a little kind of work, another for a large work. I believe it was David, one of the prophets. I forget now. He said, "I would rather be a doormat in the house of the Lord than to dwell in tents with the wicked." Amen. Amen. To be who you are. Now look, doors end door. Let me read this. When Miss Amy Simple McFersonson when she was here on earth in her ministry, they say that pretty near every woman preacher wore these wings like I don't even know what that is. Have I know what wings are, but she had something under when she raised her arm. It looked like wings or something. Is that I I guess I've never looked this up. I probably should look a picture up so I don't know what I'm talking about. Amen. But brother Rams said pretty near every woman preacher wore those wings like you know or gowns like that and packed the Bible. I guess just the same way. Uh just look at Billy Grahams in the land today. But you know Billy Graham could never take your place. Right. Amen. I'll go so far as to say brother Brandham could never take your place. Amen. Amen. That's right. Billy Graham could never take your place. I couldn't take Billy's place. He couldn't take mine. I can't take yours and you can't take mine. You're an individual in God. God made you the way you are for some purpose. If we would like, if you would just find our place, just find our place. And there abide abide there. If we try to do something different, then we're in somebody else's territory, which we just start to gum up the whole picture of God. Amen. We'll get to that in just a minute. I want to read a scripture and then we'll start talking about to to see that we gum up the picture of God. Well, look now if excuse me if you're just if you're gumming up the picture of God, you're not just gumming up the picture of God for you. You if you're a part of the body of Christ and you're a member of the bride, you're not gumming up the picture just for you. You're gumming up the picture for the entire body. Amen. Because we are one, right? Amen. We are one body. And when one member of the body's out of line, the whole body's out of line. Yeah. When brother Brandham had that vision of of the bride and she's going through and marching to like Homeward Christian soldiers, I believe he said, instep perfectly dressed ladies, hair down their back, beautiful. He said there towards the end they they started getting out of line or out of step a little bit and he come back out of the vision sitting in the room yelling get back in line. Yes. Or get back in step whichever it was in that in that way because he had gotten out of line. Well well who had gotten out of line? Not just that one. The whole bride then at that point was out of line. Right? You say, "Well, how can the whole how can the whole bride be out of line when just one person is out of line?" Because we're all the same. We're all in one. We're all a part of the same body. Amen. If this eyeball doesn't want to be an eyeball and rather be a finger, it's not going to be a it's going to be a deformed body. Amen. That body will be deformed. Amen. If the finger sticking out here and the eye is right here, it's going to be a deformed body. Period. Yeah, every other part of the body might be perfectly right, but it's deformed because this one and this one's not where they're supposed to be and doing what they're supposed to be doing. It's deformed at that point. Brother Bam said that one sin in the camp can cause the entire camp to bitterly fail. Yes. And you look at Achen in the scripture and you can see scripturally how that is true. Yes. Achen caused the entire camp. He caused men to lose their lives. Amen. Men to lose their lives. You say, "But God, you promised me." That's why Joshua was God enough. Went back and went to God and said, "God, you said there we wouldn't lose one man. Now, what's going on here?" Right. Right. Amen. Either either sin's in the camp or you're a liar, God. Right. But we know we know God's not a liar. But one but men died. We're going to find out why, right? And God told him, said, "It's because of this." They went over and found that Babylonian garment wedge and all and they killed Achen and his whole family. God, they eradicated the disease. They eradicated the sin. And they went back out to battle and didn't lose one man because God was at his word. God is always as good as his word. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sometimes we get in the place to say, "God, but you promised me, but it's got to be in line with the word." Amen. God, you promised me that you would take care of me. God, you promised me that you would provide for me. Yes, he does. He will. Absolutely. Amen. But we must be lined up with the word. Amen. Maybe God's trying to teach us a lesson. Amen. God had to get the children of Israel. He had to get them back in line. He had to get that sin out of the camp so he could get back in line again. And men lost their lives because one man was out of line and killed and killed his whole family. Not just the man, his entire family. Amen. They went back to battle and they were back in the will of God. Right. Won won every battle then. Didn't lose a man. God honors his word. God honors God always honors his word. Amen. That's why when we come to this purpose and God said we just find just or find our place and abide there if we do something different where somebody else's territory we gum up the entire picture of God. It affects the entire body. Amen. Not just me, not just a church, not just our lives or family, but the whole picture gets gummed up then. The whole body is suffering. The whole body is deformed because of this one situation, this one person. Amen. That's why it's so important to understand why we find our position. Amen. I I I hope that I've of course illustrated that quite clearly over the past few services, but how important it is to make sure that we're in our calling. We make sure that our calling is and our election is sure because that is where uh that is where we stand. That's what we stand on. Amen. To have to have the entire body come together as one. Right. Amen. To come together as one. We can't gum up that picture. Yes. That picture's got to be what God made it to be in every part and every portion of that body. Amen. The the the the skin on the bottom of my big toe is just as important as the skin on the end of my nose. Amen. Amen. Just as important. It's all part of the same body. We can't gum up that picture. Amen. Abide in that calling. Be the person that God called you to be. Yes. Amen. We take like Billy Graham in this denominational world today as he is a as he's if we would call it maybe the football player. He's got the ball. Now, if you try to take the ball away from your own man, you're just messing up your own team, right? Amen. The whole team. You want to win. You win or lose as a team. Guard your man. See, keep guarding him. keep the rest of them so he can run and he'll make a touchdown after a while. Jesus will be come and it'll all be over, right? Amen. Back in the spirit, God will the Lord will come and and and God will take his beautiful, perfect, not deformed, but perfectly formed, perfectly positioned body. He is going to take her home. Amen. Because she is his bride. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. And she's going to take him home to be with him. Praise the Lord. Now, look at this. We'll go back. I think I finished. I I may have read this last week. I couldn't remember for sure if I did or not, but I want to go back to 1 Corinthians or go to 1 Corinthians, uh, chapter 7. Amen. If I read it last week, it was with the understanding it was just to try to, uh, get us to the to this point today. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 7. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 7. to go along in with this that we've just read from David and the quote 1 Corinthians 7:20. Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called. Amen. Calling, abiding, living, existing, uh fulfilling, abiding in that call. Abide in that same calling wherein he was called. Art thou called, being a servant, care not for it? We did read this. I remember now. Being a servant, care not for it. But if thou uh mayest be made free, use it rather. For he that is called in the Lord, being a Lord's servant, is the Lord's free man. Likewise also he that is called being free is Christ's servant. Ye are bought with a price. Be not ye be not ye the servants of men. Brethren, let every man wherein he is called therein abide with God in in that calling in the call that God has called us to be in. Amen. Amen. God is want God has called us to that place to abide to live there. Amen. To be that position to be in that position to be in that place that God has called us to be in. Amen. Amen. because that position was made and to be fulfilled by me. Amen. To be fulfilled by you. Yes. In whatever that that God uh placed in that position for us to be. Amen. Unless every portion, unless every part of the body is in its proper position, its proper place, the body is deformed. Amen. Now, let's go back and let me I got a couple of scriptures before uh quotes before I move on. influence. Now, influence. God orders his man and you can't take another one's place. If you do, you're only producing a carnal impersonation. And finally, finally, it's going to be smitten. Now, brother Bam says finally, what does that mean? Means you could go a year, five years, 10 years, 20 years, 40 years. Amen. in that position. But finally, there will be a fall. There will be a smitten. Brother Bam said to be smitten. Peter called it to fall. Amen. If you're in your position abiding in your calling, you cannot fall. These things revealed to you, you live them, you cannot fall. Right. Brother Brandon says here, if you do, I if you abide in this carnal impersonation, you are finally going to be smitten. You are going to fall. Amen. And whatever whatever that is, you're going to fall. Brother Ram said, smitten. See, you can't do it. God orders you to your place. Isaiah seen this that he could not put his trust in any man. There was the greatest man that was ever on earth at the time, a king that had the rest of the world playing tribute to him. But because he got out of his place, Isaiah seen that he could not uh trust in the arm of flesh and it drove the prophet to the temple to pray. Right? Amen. Now, what's he talking about? Look at this. In scripture, a great man that God set up. Amen. I I'm not going to go back to the scripture, but you can read it in in different uh books. But I I usually when I teach the story on Uzziah, I teach it out of 2 Chronicles 26. But Uzziah was a man. He was only 16 years old when God put him up into power. Uh so but it doesn't matter if he was six or 16. If God's with him, God's with him, right? He's 6 16 or 160. If he's a man, if he's I if he's in that God God's with him, then it doesn't matter. Right. And God was with him. The Bible says God was with Uzziah. God set Uzziah up. God put him in this place. Amen. To be this king at this time, right? 16 or not. He followed in the footsteps of of of his of his fathers. And his kingdom was prosperous. And the Bible says that as long as Uzziah did what God told him to do, God made him to prosper. Amen. made Uzziah to prosper. That's right. But unfortunately, Uzziah got built up in pride. He got arrogant. He got prideful. It's his kingdom. It was his to do. And he was going to do whatever he felt like he wanted to do. I guess you'd say, "Amen." Brother Graham says, "Look, influence." He got so lifted up in his mind, he got so self-secure in everything. so much that he tried to take the place uh take a minister's place yes went into the temple burning incense try trying to take the place of the minister when the minister come in there and say hey Uzziah what you I know you're the king but what are you doing this is not your place right this is not your position this is not what you're supposed to be doing ran him out he walked in and tried to take somebody else's position right? Somebody else. The place that God had already chosen to be filled by somebody else. And Uzziah tried to do it. He tried to take a minister's place. He tried to go in and other incense as we know in the Bible to burn incense, which was only for a Levite to do it. A priest that was anointed for that job, he tried to take his place. See, Uzziah wasn't anointed to do that position. Uzziah wasn't anointed. It it was it was an anointing of Uzziah to be the king. He wasn't uni. He wasn't anointed to be a priest. The Levitical priesthood was the ones that were anointed and called positioned positionally placed to be the the priest to be the minister. It was his calling. It was his position. He is the one that God put in that place. Those the the Levitical priesthood, the Levites were put in that position. Not Uzziah, right? He had no anointing to go and do what he did. None. But sometimes when you get built up in pride and you get built up in self-secure and arrogance, the anointing kind of can take a backseat in a person's life, right? Amen. I believe that's why sometimes brother Brandham said talked about if uh uh you build up a minister so much or a pastor so much and put him up on a pedestal, all God calls that man to fall. Yeah. Amen. because you'll get up in pride and arrogance and get built up and then the anointing goes. The anointing's not important at that point. Amen. But let me tell you saints, the anointing of God is important on our lives every single second of every single day. Yes, we must have that anointing. We must and that's what God drives us to brings us through in that anointing. That's why That's why I said and told people who who talk about or talk about their children. Oh, I hate hearing that. They talk about their children, "Oh, well, if they go into the tribulation, they can still be saved." I'm like, "Oh, why would you want that? Why would you even say that?" That's right. Why would those words come off your lips for your child to go through tribulation? Yeah. I I just I I I just It just baffles me. I don't understand that. Especially since knowing that when this bride leaves this earth, the anointing of God will be gone. Except for the Jews and the anointing will be with the Jews. He'll be working with them then. In fact, he's already started that in my opinion. In my opinion, the the anointing on the Gentiles is all but gone. Amen. The anointing of God is with the Jews right now. Amen. If you can and if a person can't see that with all that's going on now over in the Middle East, I don't know how you're how anybody will see it, right? And and see what's going on in the Gentile churches and all. Amen. H how could you see that soberly and not realize that God is all but left the Jew or the Gentiles and is going back to the Jews? Now, when it's fully gone and and with the Jews means the bride won't be here, right? Amen. So, when the bride leaves up, that anointing is gone. You'll be going through that tribulation period with no anointing, with no bit of the spirit of God on you at all. I I just I don't see how a person I just People will do it. Yes. But I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. Amen. Much less my child or my family member. Yes. My goodness. I hear that. It just curdles my skin. I can't believe somebody would say that. But anyway, you say, "Well, they're living so and so." I don't care how they're living. Oh, they're doing so so I don't care what they're doing or it looks like. I don't care what it looks like. Yeah. Circumstances have nothing to do with my faith. My faith says you're a child of God. Period. That I don't have any There's no discussion. Amen. That's the end of it. No discussion. Praise the Lord. Well, but I No, no butts. No, there's no butts in the word. Yeah. And I I I I I'm either blindly stupid enough to believe it or I just have enough faith. I I like to believe it's faith. Amen. But that's where I stand regardless. Why would you want to do that? But see, he had no anointing. Usiah had no anointing to go and do this. The priest had the anointing. Well, if there's no anointing with Uzziah to do that, then that means what he did, God was not with him. No anointing. God is not with you. There's no anointing there. God is not with you. Amen. Because it's his anointing that he sends on you that's the approval of God being with you. God wasn't with him. He wasn't anointed for that job. He tried to take someone else's place. Now here, let me finish this quote. And here we have an influence of this king to let people know that this carnal impersonation of each other today is not of the Lord. You're not ordained to do such things. You'll never take another man's place. And another man can't take your place. Find where your place is and abide there. Yeah. It's so important. Understand that. Praise the Lord. and and and why we not be happy and satisfied with what God's called us to. Yes. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. He thought, "Well, bless God. I I'm a king and the Lord has been good to me. I can do this. I've got this. This is my ministry." come to find out that it's on uh uh in in in his going on like that and tried to go over stepped over what God was blessing him at because remember as long as he obeyed the Lord, God made him to prosper. But he but he stepped over what God was blessing him at. You're a good lay member. If you're a good lay member, be a good lay member. Amen. If you're a good housewife, if God has blessed you as a housewife and made you loyal and true sister, you just continue to be that. Yes. Praise the Lord. Don't get to thinking you God called you to be a preacher, deacon, or something else. You do the same, man. Whatever God has blessed you, there abide because that's where he has you at. you do just what he tells you to do and see where he blesses you. We talked about that a few weeks ago and God blessing you where you are. Amen. But don't ever try to step in. That's a uh grassroots of Pentecostal when McFersonson was reading her book. Uh uh I I wasn't a minister in her days and they said when she would walk out on the platform and things like wings, you know, I still got to look that up. Or you know, uh kind of like a robe, I guess, like I guess maybe that she had a robe and had these things, wings like that. Every lady preacher wore the same thing. Every one of them carried a Bible the same way, however she did it, the same way as Miss McFersonson. Did you ever listen to those radio programs? Every fellow Lord, God bless you, real good fella. Billy Graham in carnal impersonations, right? Amen. Simple, pure carnal impersonation, which a lot of times is born out of jealousy. Amen. jealousy of somebody wanting more power or more money or more stature or more prestige or want to be the person that's out front or want to be the one that's the called one or or or whatever it is or uh somebody might have just a a gift of government or helps or something and and but yet but they want to be the one that speaks in tongues. They want to be the one that prophesies because those are the ones that get the notoriety, you know, and the gifts of the spirit. outside of the ministry, the five-fold ministry, you got the the the uh tongues and interpretation and prophecy and things like that. And everybody wants to be that, you know, want wants to be that prophecy. And you see that in the in the natural world today in in the nominal Christian world. Everybody, all these people out prophesying all the time, right, about all these things. And you know some things can be uh simply predicted upon uh and when and when these things don't happen uh that they prophesied and these things don't come to pass. It just gets forgotten, right? Nobody brings it up. Nobody says, "Well, you but you said this was going to happen. It didn't happen." Then nobody cares. It's not it's not broke. And the next thing you know, they're prophesying about this thing, right? And they're prophesying about that thing. Amen. It's like when that uh uh uh oh, what was the name in California and that sister was going to die. God said she was going to die. Um Deus Sharen, Sister Shakaren's sister, I think, or something. She was going to die. And brother Ram, God told Brother Ram she's going to die. And in service all these people are getting up saying sister thou shalt live sister God is with you sister all and prophesying these things she you shall not die and prophesying all these things and and I think it was maybe it was Billy that came and told brother Brandham said Billy Paul told brother Brandham said brother daddy said all these people they're out here prophesying and saying things I I can't say what that I can only say what God told me right I have no responsibility to what anybody else has saying, "All I can know is what God told me." And God told me he's going to take her, right? Period. And then when God does it, all the people that lied in prophecy because she did die, they blame Brother because he said she was going to die. Like it's his fault, right? when all when he was the only one that actually told the truth, right? He was actually the only one that had God with him, right? And everybody else gets mad because she died instead of being mad at the people that of the uh prophecies of the devil, I'll just say because it was against God's word. [Music] Why? Why get mad at Brother Brandham? Right. Amen. But that's that's humanity. That's that that's that's people. It's just it's just amazing how people are. I'll close here in a few minutes. Let's go to Matthew chapter 17. Amen. Matthew chapter 17. Read uh about Jesus adoption. Amen. About Jesus placement. Amen. We know Jesus was baptized over in Matthew 3. Uh John the Baptist, John saw him coming, said, "I I should be baptized for of you." And Jesus basically like, "Well, yeah, that's true. You really should. But we are here to fulfill all righteousness, the word. We are here to fulfill the word of God." Yes. And the sacrifice which I am is to be washed in the Old Testament before it is sacrificed. Amen. And that is true. So we are here. It behooves us to fulfill all righteousness. So John suffered him and baptized him. John Jesus baptized. We know he came out of the water and the spirit of God, the spirit of God, the spirit of God came on him in the form of a dove. Amen. We know that God was with him. God led him. God guided him even when he was a little boy. We know that his mother that gone along the way and uh Mary well he wasn't it wasn't his mother or it's called his guardian maybe. Amen. The one that the the woman that birthed him forth. Amen. Uh Mary finally realized at some point that Jesus was not with him. I wish a lot of people would realize that today. I it it would it would it would make me so happy that people would come to the realization that God wasn't with them, right? That that would be the greatest revelation a human could get. But she realized that God wasn't with him. She realized their child wasn't with him. Said, "Where did he go?" They went back to find him. Amen. What was his immortal words? I must be about my father's business. Amen. Praise the Lord. And he hadn't even been adopted yet, but he still had to be led of the Holy Spirit. Amen. When he come to this place, Matthew 17, when God adopted him finally in the positionally placement of it, realized and said to the rest of the world with witnesses, Amen. that this was his son. Yes. Hear him. Amen. Hear him. Praise the Lord. We've talked about that in in businesses, companies like that. When a man starts a company or business and he runs that business and he runs it the way he wants to, the way he thinks it should be run, it's a successful business and is doing great and he has a son that's coming up. Uh, and he wants that son to follow in his footsteps. He wants him to take over that business and become that become that man to keep that business going and to keep those people employed and to keep people with jobs and and and to make sure that people have ways to provide for their families and stuff to keep that as a viable company. So he wants his son to follow in his footsteps, not be his daddy, right? But follow in the footsteps of of uh of him in in that company. But now we in ourselves, our desire is is to follow in his footsteps. Amen. Amen. And be like him. Yes. Amen. Yes. Now, a son might come up and say, "Well, I know dad did a great job, but I'm going to tweak this here, and I'm going to tweak that there. I'm not my daddy." And and it's and it's a success. It's still a great business. It may even be more successful, but he wasn't his daddy. No, no, no. This plan is absolutely perfect. This business cannot be improved upon, if you will. Excuse the car and per uh uh comparison there. Uh it cannot be improved on. God's plan cannot be improved on. That's right. So, our whole desire is to become like him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes. You know, the Catholics got a lot of things carnal impersonated, but they got them right when they talk about the Viker of Christ there instead of Christ. Right. Amen. What did Brother Random say? That there would come a time where this bride that would get to the place of you personally that God would be pleased to honor your word. Your word. That's right. Praise the Lord. Help us, Lord. Amen. I'm not taking his place, but I'm in the position God put me in to continue on. Amen. Amen. I'm not changing anything. I'm not going to tweak a word here or change a word there or uh uh differ a meaning of this over here. I want it to be this plan is absolutely perfect, right? And needs no additions. It needs no subtractions. And it needs no changes. Amen. Amen. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word cannot change or pass away, which that word's the same. Cannot change. Amen. Praise the Lord. So God sends him, we haven't read, have we? Matthew 17. And after six days, Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brethren, bringeth them up into a high mountain apart, and was transfigured before them. Transfigured. Amen. In the mount of transfiguration. and was transfigured before them. And his face did shine as the sun, and his raignment was white as the light. And behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elijah talking with them. There you see the dead raised and the transfiguration, the the the the representation of the dead raised and the rapture, right? Amen. Amen. Uh talking with them. then answered Peter and said unto him uh said unto Jesus, "Lord, it is good for us to be here. If thou wilt now recognize and remember now he's in this beautiful sacred place in this of ceremony taking place of adoption of Jesus that God's placing him now, but understanding though now that Peter has yet to be born again. Peter was chosen of God, but he has not received the Holy Ghost at this point." Right? So Jesus of Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles, one for thee, one for Moses, one for Elias. Think that would be a very carnal thing to do. While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them. And behold, a voice out of the cloud, which said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." Praise the Lord. Hear ye him. Now that's his position now. Hear him. And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their faces and were sore afraid. And Jesus came and touched them and said, "Arise, be not afraid. And when he had laid when he had lifted up their eyes, when they had lifted up, they saw no man save Jesus only." Amen. And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, uh, tell no, tell the vision to no man until the son of man be risen again from the dead. God placing his son now. God placing Jesus. Now God said, now hear ye him. He is my mouthpiece. He is my representative. He is the one here now on this earth at this time that is that is taking my place. Hear him now. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's the one that's in charge. He's the one that you listen to. He's the one that you uh uh take instruction from. Amen. Remember, hear ye him. 1960. Brother Baron said, "Now you see Jesus had proven to God that he had been the right kind of a son." Amen. I hope we do that. Hope I do that. God took him up on the mountain, top of the mountain, brought witnesses out there, heavenly witnesses and earthly witnesses, and he clothed him in immortality. And they looked up and said, "His garments shine like the sun." A supernatural something taking place, his garments glistening like the sun in the middle of the day as uh as white as it could be. God placed on him that robe of immortality, showing that he had received him. that that's the thing that God will do to his sons here on earth someday. He will call you aside, church, if you'll only obey him and stay on the word and believe it. And he will place into that church before the coming of Christ. Praise Praise the Lord. He will place into the church all the power that Christ had in him will be in the church. Amen. Praise the Lord. You believe that? Yes. Not for somebody else, right? It's for you. Everyone that's a part of that body is a part of that promise. And if we're all a part of that body, then we're all a part of that promise. And the promise is it is unto you. It is unto your children. It is unto them as far off as many even as the Lord our God will call. Amen. Now, that's the promise. Do we receive it? Amen. Because that's his promise to me. I want to receive that and be that promise to be that mouthpiece. Amen. Amen. To be that mouthpiece. Now it's up to you. It's up to us. All the powers that Christ had with him will be in the church. All that God was, he poured into Jesus. All that Jesus was, he's poured into the bride. God wanting his work done, he sent it into his son. The son wanting the work to be done, sent it into his bride. Praise God. At that day, you'll know that I am in the father, father and me, and I in you and you and me at that day. Because the same power of God was in Jehovah God rested in Jesus Christ. Is the same power that rested in Jesus Christ. Now rest in place in the son in the sons in the body of Christ. Amen. We are the body of Christ. Amen. Those of whom God has placed that in. Amen. Now, it's our position. It's our time. It's our place. It's our responsibility to fulfill that promise that God has called us to. Amen. Amen. Yes. What where God has adopted us and placed us. Amen. I've posed this question before. I don't know. It's not up to me to say. Amen. But was that ceremony for brother Brandham at Sunset Mountain for people? I don't know. That's up to him. He's He's his own person. He's his own individual. Maybe. Was it? I don't know. Amen. I wouldn't say it was. Amen. Because I don't know. I have I have no way of knowing unless God reveals something to me or something. Brother Brandham never said that that I've ever read. Amen. Could it be? I don't know. I just know who his who he was and what his position and placement was in this body for this time. Right. Amen. And thank God we still have food that was stored up in the storehouse for us to be able to listen to and read and still go by through the scripture. Because God's left it for us to have. God has left it for us to eat on, to feast on. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now it's ours to be adop adopted Christ. Yes. Look at that. Think, brother Brown. Yes. What what what this this person or this minister, this people, this but what about you? What about us? Amen. Praise the Lord. We continue to live and go on. You say, "Well, why didn't uh why didn't brother why didn't God adopt Christ in in this ceremony like this when he was the 12-year-old boy that was going about his father's business? Wasn't the time." Amen. Wasn't his time. God wanted to make sure that he could trust him and he was following the leading his leading and being led by the spirit by being led by God. When he proved himself, which we went through like the first few portions of this subject. When he proved that then God knew then he could trust. How can he trust us? Amen. I pray I pray and believe and trust he can trust us. Amen. He comes to that place. You say those that he has entrusted some he will give more entrustment to. Yes. Amen. Story of the talents and Amen. You you you were good and faithful. Amen. Now I'll give you more and trust you with more with what what I I need you to do. Amen. God wants us to do. And we want to be and we want to be that that God fulfills through us. Amen. Amen. Fulfills through us. Amen. Let's stand if we could. Amen. There's a couple other points to that that I wanted to make, but that's just going to take a bit longer. We'll grab that. We we'll pick that up, Lord willing, next week um and next service time and um we'll we'll finish it off from there. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's be what God wants us to be. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Got a course on my heart. I want to find it. You bear with me just a second. Amen. Sometimes I I know the proximity of where a song is, but I don't know exactly the number and sometimes don't know the name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, can't find it. Let's just sing. Here it is. 617. The chorus. More of you. Amen. I just found it here. More of you. I want to sing that. Praise the Lord. 617 in the book. Just the chorus here. We'll sing it. Have it on the screen. Amen. Abby wants more of him. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. More of you. I need more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Of things I've had, my fear, and yet I hunger still, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Yes, more of you. I need more of you. [Music] I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fear and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of you. Oh one more time now. Yes. more of you. I need more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things I've had my fear and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Yes, Jesus. Amen. More and more of you, Lord. That's what we need. Praise the Lord Jesus. We need, we want, we desire more and more of him. Hallelujah. Oh, grant it to us, Lord, today. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. That's your desire. Yes. More of God. Be more like God. Amen. Be formed into his image. Speak only when he says speak. Amen. Go where he says go. Yes. Amen. By his grace, by his spirit. Amen. Let it lead us, guide us into all his truth. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Amen. Pray with something was blessed. Said to bless his strength in the Lord today. Yes, he is God. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. And blessed be his holy name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you richly. Appreciate each one being here. If you're watching, God bless you. You're still there. Amen. And just thank the Lord for his goodness to us. Amen. Appreciate last week. Um moving the service time. I probably were supposed to go to Houston next week and uh it more than likely I thought Southwest or Houston uh United had good flight non-stop flight times, but they don't anymore from here. I don't know why. So, uh, the flight won't be as early as next week, but I'll probably still have to move the service time up again, uh, to 10:00. I hope that's okay. I'll, uh, text everyone, uh, again, like I normally do to make sure everybody gets the message, uh, to know that service will be 10:00, but if it, after looking at the schedule, if it goes the way it looks like, um, then I'll probably have to go a little earlier again uh, next week. So, appreciate your understanding and seeing that it's going to be hot and humid in Houston. Uh Houston is just it's almost as bad as Florida sometimes. Uh the humidity will raise the temperature like 10 degrees. So even if it's like 92, the humidity will make it feel like 102. Uh but anyway, the Lord is always good. Yes. Amen. He always brings me through it and helps us to do it. So, amen. That's that's what we care. He never said it was going to be easy. Amen. For any of us. Praise. He just said, "I'll be with you." Amen. And I believe that. So So praise the Lord. God bless you, too. Amen. Anyone else have anything before witnessing this today? Amen. Lord graciously bless you. Pray for those who aren't here. Amen. Those in need, of course, please continue to remember pray. Amen. Just trusting I'm trusting a miracle from the Lord for I am. Amen. So, but God richly bless y'all. Amen. And we'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Thank you all for coming and being here today. Gracious father, Lord God, we at the services we have before. Thank you for everything you've done for us both through the week previous through the service and being with us and allowing us to feel your presence and your anointing through the songs. Amen. Jesus. Yes. God may help us as we go our separate ways whatever we may do today and this week that you carry you with us and that spoken today that we' be just writ. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. Those of us that may look a little more like the world, just wearing pants, shirts as men, Lord Jesus, but there's something about us that people can tell that that we're different, Lord God. Amen. If the door should open that we can say something about you and bring someone in, Lord, grant it, God. Allow us that opportunity. Lord, we thank you for everything and once again commit ourselves into your hands. Always keep us safe. In Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. God richly bless you today. Heat. Heat. [Music]
