################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-19 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-19
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle
Speaker:  
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yCGqM0xcOE
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1/18/2026
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
In one accord, something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. We're together again. In one accord, something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. Just praising the Can we stand and sing it now? But we're together again. We're praising the Lord. We're together again. And on a court, something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. One more time now. But we're together again. We're praising the Lord. We're together again. And what a good something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. All saints. He's worthy of all of our praise, glory, adoration, worship. Amen. There's no other gods that's ever been. There's no other gods that anybody ever worship that's worthy of the praise and the worship that we give to our Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is worthy of all of it. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He's so good to us, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord. There's a few still coming uh this morning. Amen. We just trust that we're just we're going to have church and they show up when they get here. So, praise the Lord. So thankful of each one of you. Preach in the name of the Lord Jesus. Let's just bow our heads if we could for a word of prayer. Lord, we're so thankful again today. Father, another beautiful day that you give us. Thank you for your grace and mercy for this time to come in from out of the world and fellowship around your precious word, that revealed word of this day, God, that you've given to us to encourage and to strengthen and to bless us and more than anything, Lord, to prepare us, Father, along this journey and for the time that we are to go home to be with you, Lord. And there lies that rapturing faith. We believe that Lord. So we continue to keep ourselves Lord in entrenched in that word, entrenched in that truth, God. That Lord, in there lies that rapturing faith that'll take us home to be with you one day. Lord, may you just bless this service as we commit it into your hands. Pray that your Holy Spirit would have preeminence over us, Lord, and to fill all this house, Lord, just like you did on the day of Pentecost. Heal every sick body, meet every need, strengthen us by your spirit. Lord God, we just rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, and infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. We commit it to you now and ask your blessings. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. So glad to have Micah back today. Amen. I miss him so much when he's gone. Amen. Thankful he's back. I know you are as well. So, at least he drowns out a little of me anyway. But we're going to go over to song number 266. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here. Because he lives. Amen. Because he lives. I'm so thankful that he lives. Praise the Lord. Amen. We may not know what tomorrow holds, but we know who holds it. Praise the Lord. So, all is well. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He went and he died to by my pardon and empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. It's because he lives I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life it's worth the living just because he lives. How sweet to hold a newborn baby and feel the pride and joy in you. But greater still the calm asssurance. Oh, this child can face uncertain days. Because Jesus lives is because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Because he lives. All my fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life it's worth the living just because he lives. And then one day, oh listen now. I'll cross that river. I'll find my son no more with me. And then as death gives way to victory I'll see the lights of glory and I'll know he reigns. is because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all my fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life it's worth the living just because he Oh, can we sing it one more time now? It's because he lives I can face tomorrow. Because Jesus lives, all my fear is gone. And because I know he holds my future and my life it's worth the living just because he lives. And my life it's worth the living just because he lives. is hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise God. Aren't you glad that regardless of what tomorrow may hold, if we have a tomorrow, Amen. He has lives to see you through tomorrow. Amen. Just like he saw you through yesterday, just like he saw through you the past years of your life. Just like he'll see us through today. Amen. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. He never fails. He never changes. Amen. Hallelujah. He's still Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Praise his holy name. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Aren't you? Praise God. Songs number 91 of the book now. Amen. 91. We'll have it on the screen here. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I'm going through. I'm going through. Are you going through today? &gt;&gt; Going through with Jesus. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. Going through with Jesus. Everybody's going through this life, but we're going through with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. Amen. Lord, I have started to walk in the light shining upon me from heaven so bright. I made this world and it follyies a due. I'm starting with Jesus and I'm going through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take away what the Lord despise you. I'm going through with Jesus and I'm going through. Oh, there are many who spawn in the race, but with the light refuse to keep the faith. Others accept it because it is new. But not very many expect to go through. But I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord Jesus. I'm going through with Jesus as I'm going through. I'd rather walk with Jesus alone. have for a pill like Jacob a stone. Give me each moment with his face in you. Then shrink on my pathway to go through. But I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price of whatever others do. I'll take the wind with the Lord's despite. I'm going through with Jesus and I'm going through. Oh brother, now will you take up the cross? Give up the world and count it as cross. sell all thou hast and give to the poor and go through with Jesus and those who endure. Yes, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do, I'll make the way with the Lord's despise. I'm going through with Jesus and I'm going through. I'm going through with Jesus and I'm going through. Amen. Hallelujah. Is that your resolve today? Praise the Lord. That's your determination. Regardless of what happens, regardless of who does don't, I'm going through. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Let that be our resolve today, saints. Let that be our determination. I'm going to go. I'm going to make it. I'm going to go through. I'm going to give up the world. Count it as draws and go through with Jesus. Hallelujah. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer now. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus and there is no turning back. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. No turning back. Amen. Praise the Lord. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus and I won't turn back. No, won't turn back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. And won't turn back. No turning back. Well, I have started for the kingom. Yes, I have started for that kingom. Yes, I have started for the kingom and I won't turn back. No, I won't turn back. Though not go with me, still will I follow. Though not go with me, still will I follow. Don't go with me. Still will I follow and I won't turn back. No, won't turn back. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus and I won't turn back. No, won't turn one more time now. Yes, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. There's no turning back. No turning back. Listen now. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. No turning back. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't put your hand to the plow and look behind you. You keep going forward. You keep pressing this battle. You keep pressing on. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. No turning back. But we've decided to follow the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, he's worth every bit of it, too, saints. Every bit of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Especially when you see the world today and think that there's any way at all you could anchor your soul into anything that's happening in the world today. You can't even anchor your flesh in anything much less your spirit or soul. Amen. But we can anchor our souls in that haven of rest. Hallelujah. And his name is Jesus. Praise the Lord. We got a couple prayer requests to mention to you today. Got a text from Sharia little bit before church. She said that uh her and the family had gotten sick. That remember last week Art wasn't feeling well. We prayed for them not to, but they did catch it anyway. They're getting over it, but wanted to stay home and just stream. Hopefully, they're streaming. God bless you. Uh to uh make sure they're healed and stop it there. Don't want to spread spread it to anybody else. So, amen. We're just thankful that the Lord has blessed them and touched it, continue to heal them. Uh also, God, she didn't think she's going to be here, but she made it. &gt;&gt; I thought it was going to be really late. Yeah, she made it here for the prayer request. Uh, but she did send a one in that was asking for her husband Ronnie. Sister Norma's husband Ronnie is sick. Uh, so maybe a little bit late this morning. So, please remember him in prayer. Sister Norman asked me to hold Ronnie in prayer. Also, she asked for uh her nephew, and I hope I got this right, Jesse. Was it Jesse? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really, but I call him Jesse. &gt;&gt; Okay. Amen. Jesus, Jesse. Lord knows sister Norma's nephew Jesse special unspoken request. Amen. Let's remember him in prayer as well. And also continue to remember brother Dennis. Amen. His foot's better as we all know. He's home now and text him I think it was yesterday. Uh maybe I text him Friday night to see how he was doing. I worked about 12 hours Friday. So it kind of slipped me during the day. But when I got home and I was kind of resting and gotten some dinner, I uh I text him and he I think he text me back later later that night and I had already gone to bed. Uh so I text him back Saturday and we text a little bit. He's doing he's doing good, feeling better. It's going to it's going to be a little road. He's taking he's got a pick line and he's taking some uh high potent antibiotics uh to continue to help take care of that foot. So please remember him in prayer. Uh there's no antibiotic that the doctors have ever come up with that's any better than the prayer of the saints. That's the best antibiotic that I know of. Amen. So your prayers to him go to Dennis. Amen. Will bring healing to his body. So we believe that and touch brother Dennis um and just continue to hold him before the Lord. Amen. So praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember brother Danny? I haven't heard from him. Uh I'm not sure um when he might return. I hope he does. I guess I'll just try to text him this week, talk to him a little bit, see uh see what's going on. So remember him in prayer. Amen. Of course, we always remember the PS in prayer and uh anyone that's not here to miss anybody I think. Amen. Remember Anna and Steve. This is supposed to be her week off. So I thought to be here heard from them. So remember Anna, Steve, and Madison in prayer as well. Not here. Amen. So anyone else have a spoken request something in your heart &gt;&gt; sister root canal is going to be four hours. &gt;&gt; The root canal is going to be four hours. Oh, so the whole process is for &gt;&gt; the whole &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's all done. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's definitely different. For sure. Yeah. I got to go back to the dentist in a couple weeks to get one on this one. I got a temporary on it now. So, I know what you mean. But I was thinking of the root canal. The root canal was like 45 minutes that I had on this one. But anyway, as a m mers usually take a little bit longer. Remember sister Tuesday I remember sister she in prayer Tuesday going back to Nalas to the dentist. Is sister Joy gone with you still or just you? &gt;&gt; Just you. &gt;&gt; Please remember in prayer. Anyone else have an unspoken request? request again. Like I said, so glad to have back with us and thankful that the Lord blessed him with the trip to be able to come back safe to be with us again today. So I'm asking &gt;&gt; our gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we come to you humbly with our heads bowed to the earth, Lord God, knowing that every good thing comes from you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes. and humility and thankfulness, Lord Jesus. And we approach you though, Lord, as as an people. Nothing new to that, Lord God. But what we do know that's constant is that you're there with us and there to provide our needs, whatever they may be. Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; several spoken Lord Jesus, brother Dennis with his foot or sister Norma's nephew Jesse Jesus. God's family, Lord, not feeling well. Lord Jesus, my own family and them, they had to put their cat down last weekend. They were close with that little kitty. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Is their first their first pet and this is going to be their first loss. Lord Jesus, may you help them through this? &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, and whatever unspoken request that there may be, Lord Jesus, and know each and every one of us has those, whether it's financial or physical or spiritual or mental, Lord God, we know that you created all things and make all things better in you, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Without you, Lord Jesus, there would be no hope, Father God. Thank you. We commit ourselves in the service into your hands, Lord Jesus, that you remove an inherent spirit from this place, Lord Jesus, to speak to our hearts and souls, so we can apply whatever it is that you have for us to our lives and leave this place better than what we can. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Commit everything and ask everything in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We ask it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Come on my heart. As soon as Micah started praying about Tabitha and Zack, Tabith having put their little snow down this week. I know it was hard on the children. Uh but um and and Tabitha, I know too, but so please remember in prayer. Just takes a little bit of a toll, especially this first time the children have experienced anything like that in their lives. So it's it's hit Micah and Emma very hard. Joel and Emma very hard um because they were very close. In fact, Snow slept with Micah a lot. So, um a lot of you have had pets and have lost pets and kind of knowing when you're a child, it's a little bit even Well, I don't know. We're all I guess we're all children, I guess, because it I remember we had to put Rosie down a few years ago. It hit me hard. I still think about her a lot. Uh she was my writing buddy. when I was writing my book, Rosie would come in and sit in the chair right behind me and watch me write as she slept. But anyway, I appreciate your prayers for them as well. Amen. The Lord knows. So, amen. God is mindful. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's reason for everything. Praise the Lord. We're going to go over to psalm number 204 now. Uh 204 in the song book here. We'll have it on the screen for us here. At home, got a book. I usually read the book and number some stay home. I Pat may uh have a book there and follow with us. So if you do, Amen. What a day that will be. Amen. What a day that will be. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it now. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day. Glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saves me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be this now. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. What a day that will be. When by Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. when he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, can we sing that last verse again? There'll be no think of it sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more parting over there. And forever, hallelujah, I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. Praise the Lord. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. when he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. Oh, what a day. Glorious day that will be. Hallelujah. Oh, what a day, saints. What a day, saints. &gt;&gt; I know we've all imagined it. at all. We've all tried to figure it our minds and just think about what the beauty of it is going to be. But just remember, eyes not seen, ears not heard, even in the inner of the heart of man, what God's got in store. The beauty, Amen, that's in store for his bride. Hallelujah. The peacefulness, the love, Amen. We're all beneficiaries of the grace of God, the benefits of God. Amen. what God has in store. Praise his holy name. Amen. Looking forward to that time. Any day now. Amen. He said any day now. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Anyone have a testimony or something on your heart this morning. Amen. Yes, Sister God's goodness. &gt;&gt; Amen. for us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. &gt;&gt; Every day. &gt;&gt; So true. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My isn't that beautiful. &gt;&gt; Just to think about that sentence. The wisdom of God. &gt;&gt; Speak to a prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. Store up that food. Praise the Lord. Now, we are the beneficiaries to be able to partake of that food anytime we want. We've been privileged in this country, too, saints. We're going to be the one. We're going to be the group that is the most without excuse. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because he came to America. He came to the United States. He came and spoke English. I I probably got even less of an excuse than you do because when he says shinny up a tree, I know what he's talking about. You might not. I do. when he's uh I forgot what I explained the other day. Some verbiage that he used. I I I speak southern. I know what he's talking about when he's sane. When I was talking about saying the other day, I don't know how many of you knew what that was, but I felt I should explain it. Maybe you didn't know what s is. Uh I know I've done it as a kid. So, I probably even got less of an excuse. We have there. Amen. To listen. We have it on the internet. We have it in MP3s. We've got it pod players. We got it on our phones and tablet. There's We are without excuse. We can still read books, too. We still There's still books that are out there you can read. We have some on the table over there. I've got some in my bookshelf. Got plenty at home. Amen. A lot of them people started just giving me books and books and books because nobody reads anymore. Everybody listens now. And I personally kind of like to listen myself because there's some things you can get from his voice that you're listening that you can't read out of a book. But u my personal preference when I can I like to listen and read at the same time uh and follow through. Uh it just makes a difference. But anyway, we're without excuse. Thank God for that food. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Anyone else? Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to see you each other. Let's stand to our feet if we could. We're just going to go into the scripture here now. Going back to Ephesians chapter 4. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4. We are still on adoption. Amen. This is adoption part 37. Five-fold ministry part 10. And this is pastors part two, I guess you'd say. I haven't kind of labeled it that way, but that's kind of what it is. This is pastors part two, but it's five-fold ministry part 10. Pastors part two. We got another part of the pastors we want to talk about. I guess it maybe is um not as confusing as the uh uh prophets as we said, but pastors probably encompasses more because uh it it's not just earthly pastors at pastors local assemblies, but we are under the great pastor. Amen. It's not just us local shepherds, but we are under the great heavenly shepherd. Praise the Lord. So, it encompasses quite a quite a bit when we look at what God speaks on when it comes to pastors. So, uh we're going to continue with the thoughts that the Lord gave us today. But we're going to begin reading in Ephesians 4 again. Ephesians 4 verse 11. Amen. Before we do, let's bow our heads for a word of prayer again. Lord, Father, it is it is a privilege, Lord, to be able to bow our heads and to call on your name. It is a privilege to know you, Lord, and to know you in the power of your resurrection. It is a privilege, Lord, to be able to approach your throne of grace boldly because you know that in us, you have already paved the way for us, Father. You went to Calvary. You bled. You died so we wouldn't have to. You became and took on our sins so that we could take on your righteousness, Lord. And today, Father, as we bow our heads, we certainly want to give notice that we're thankful. We're so very thankful, God, of that. Lord, it doesn't get old to us. I know we say it a lot, Lord, but it doesn't get old to us. To us, it's a part of your bride. Us it's your children. Lord, it doesn't get old to us to give you worship, to give you praise, to glorify and to magnify your name and to give the the the glory of the benefits and the acknowledgement of the things you've done for us. Lord, it's so beautiful. We thank you, Lord, to be able to open up the pages of this Bible and realize that as we read these words, God, you bring that word off of that page and make it live in our hearts, Lord. and help it Lord to draw us closer to you because it helps make us more like you. That revelation off that word becomes a part of who we are. And if we become a part of who we are and that word Lord, we become a part of you because that word is you. And we become that word we are Lord united with you father as one. God let it be to us Lord. A recognition, a realization, a truth that we live. Father God bless it now Father's main part of this word Lord this service God let it be according to your perfect will anoint speaker here alike let all that be done accomplished according to your perfect will we committed it to our hands again the remaining part here in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray amens 4:11 let's read here and he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. So we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. I want to again reiterate here uh as we look at this pastors uh from this scripture reading in the Greek the shepherd. Shepherd remember we talked about pastors shepherds interchangeable uh pastor shepherd a pastor is a shepherd amen we know that God is our great shepherd. Amen. Uh we are God's sheep. God made us sheep. Praise the Lord. Remember, sheep uh have to be led. Amen. Sheep can't be driven. Sheep have to be led. If a sheep gets lost, he's lost. Amen. Uh I I've heard of stories that you could take a dog across town and let him loose and he'll find his way back home. You could take a cat I've heard of taking cats and other different animals like that. You can set them out and uh 20 miles away and they'll sometimes somehow find their way back home. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't know if anybody's ever experienced that. I've heard stories like that. A sheep can't do that. When a sheep's lost, a sheep's lost. He has no way back. He has no way to get back to where he was. Amen. That's why he has to be led. That's why it's so important that the pastor keeps the sheep on the straight and narrow that keeps his sheep going in the paths of righteousness, in the paths of truth. Amen. And we are God's sheep. And God God puts us as pastors, as shepherds under the great shepherd to to do that, to lead his sheep and to guide his sheep. Amen. We are his we are his uh we are his sheep. We all are. But the pastors now are shepherds. Remember interchangeable uh again great honor here that that it says in the Greek the word pastors a part a portion of this he to whose care and control others have committed themselves and whose precepts they follow. Just wanted to reiterate that one more time. He toss care and control others have committed themselves and whose precepts they follow. remember spiritual welfare. Those who's placed their spiritual welfare under the care of a shepherd, a pastor, because they trust that pastor after they place their spiritual welfare under that that that's why it talks about the umbrella of a church. Uh why it talks about the protection of a church in the scripture. Brother Brandham talks about the protection of a church. Amen. and and the very rare uh utilize taking someone from out from under the blood. Uh what he what he's what he's saying is uh a lot of people misconstrue that taking out from under the blood that umbrella of that church. When a person comes in and becomes a part of us, they come under the umbrella protection of that church. Amen. Under that pastor and under your prayers. Amen. and they come under that and when they fall out or open sin or something and uh things like that and they're they're out in the world uh or or try to present themselves as one and uh you send people to go try to talk to that person, try to reason that person, try to get that person to come out of sin, back into the truth, back into the word. If they refuse and they refuse, uh you can take that person, the the church can literally take that person out from under the blood. Now, that doesn't take them out of the blood of Christ. That takes them out of the blood of the protection of this congregation of this church. That serves notice that that individual is no longer under the protection protective prayers of this church. Amen. You know, I know that sounds hard, but that's what the scripture says. Uh uh you know he talks about tough love and um uh uh praying for them the destruction of their flesh their soul might be saved because that's what we're looking for is the salvation of the soul not for the betterment of their flesh. A lot of people want the betterment of the flesh. That's why a lot of people think if you don't follow the way they want to live that you hate them. But that's not true. We want the betterment of their person but not their flesh but their soul. We want their soul to go to heaven. &gt;&gt; We don't want their soul to die, go to hell, be lost. And that's the whole point. They come out from under the protection of a church of that that we say taking out from under the blood or protection of this church. But that doesn't mean God can't still deal with them. That doesn't mean God's not still uh working on that person. Amen. Uh God can still do that. Uh and still does, especially if it's his, he will continue to do. If the person's not his, well then that person just doesn't belong to God. They're not one of his sheep. So he's not responsible for one that's not his. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So uh that that taking out from under whose care and control others have committed themselves. Amen. And which precepts they follow. The presiding now that's the that's the spiritual part of a pastor. The physical part of a pastor is the presiding officer, manager, director of any assembly. That's the physical attribute of a pastor. His his responsibility uh physically, naturally uh in a congregation. The spiritual is the control of the precepts. Amen. Doctrines, truths, the word uh that they follow. That's the pastor's care and position that they fall under. Now, we know that God is our pastor. We know that God is our great shepherd. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's go over to Psalms 100. And I want to read a scripture, a verse of scripture here out of Psalms 100 and start getting into that that that crossover, if you will, that should be the the the resemblance of the crossover between the great shepherd uh and the local shepherds. There is a crossover. There is a there is a truth. There is a likeness. There is a way that that truth that that local shepherd is supposed to emulate the great shepherd. And then and getting us to this place when uh when David is crying out in this Psalms 100. Um let's just go to the third verse. Read here. Psalms 100 verse three. Know ye that the Lord he is God. It is he that hath made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Amen. We are the sheep of his pasture. Praise the Lord that God puts us in that place of each one in the position uh of being under him. And under him we have the local assemblies. Remember God uh God said that he wouldn't always strive with man. He wouldn't always uh he wouldn't talk lip to lip to ear in that way but uh he would send them prophets and he would send them pastors and he would send them those as mouthpieces as representatives of his to orchestrate that care here on earth. And that's why he's put pastors in that position. And we are the sheep of his pasture. We are his sheep. Amen. And he is our shepherd. Now, Psalms 23, a very familiar scripture. We want to go through, some of us, probably most of us might even actually be able to quote this by heart, but I want to look at this real close. Uh go over it uh a bit at a time, if you will. Amen. Describes uh the way a lot of the way in which the Lord and which the local pastor is supposed to um uh take care of the sheep, take care of his flock. Psalms 23, the Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. Because he is my shepherd, I want for nothing. Remember, a sheep is defenseless. A sheep gets lost, it's lost. It can't defend itself from its predators. You know, the sheep is like one of the only animals or reptiles or anything that really has no defense mechanism. I mean, you have some like a turtle. A turtle doesn't do much, but it can at least go into his shell. You got certain lizards and certain a snake. Uh, a a snake can be gotten in so many ways, but it has a defense mechanism. Almost fish uh there's fish in the ocean. They might not can bite you necessarily, but they can blow themselves up. If you touch them, it'll poison you. &gt;&gt; I I don't know the names of a lot of the stuff. I just know things, you know. Uh that's their defense mechanism. Uh uh jellyfish and uh I think it's what is it? Uh octopus can spray ink or some black stuff or something. They all they all ways to camouflage themselves. There's lizards can go on a tree and can make themselves look just like the tree. So the bird or whatever can't find them to get them. They all have defense mechanism. The sheep doesn't have a defense mechanism. It's completely, fully, totally dependent on the shepherd. Has no way. If a wolf comes, he has nothing to to defeat that wolf. He has nothing to come against that wolf. He just lays his life down. He just lays down and dies because he's got no defense. There's no way he can overcome bear, wolf, lion, anything come in to try to take it. The the the sheep has no way to defend itself. It's fully dependent on the shepherd. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's just the way we all are. We have no defense me mechanism. Only thing we have is him. That's what our our lives are all built around prayer because our prayer is our communication with the Lord. And the Lord is our defense me defense mechanism. He's the one that takes care of our enemy. We have no control over our enemy. We have no authority over our enemy. Only what God's given us. &gt;&gt; We have AUTHORITY BECAUSE GOD GAVE IT TO US. That's our defense mechanism because he does it. We have no way to lead ourselves. We have no way to guide ourselves. We don't know which way to go. If you leave a person out, just let a kid be born and just let them cut them loose, they'll go out and there's no telling what that person and they'll probably end up just getting run over in the middle of the street because the kid won't know any better &gt;&gt; or end up in jail or end up dead or whatever it may be because they have no defense. They have to be led. They have to be taught. They have to be directed in the way they're supposed to go. Amen. And the sheep has no way to defend itself. So, it lays its life down. But thank God, those who know God, we've laid our lives down for him, not for the enemy. We lay our lives just like he laid his life down for us. We lay our lives down for him because of what he's done for us to give us to. So, he is my shepherd. So, if he's my shepherd, I don't have any want. I don't have a want because he's my shepherd. Praise the Lord. Now, if you depended on the government as your shepherd and you might be in need. You might be in want. You might be without. Praise the Lord. If you depend on the things of the world or the governments of the world or the dictators or whatever the world presence, you might be in want. But as long as he is your shepherd, you have need of nothing. You have no want of anything. &gt;&gt; He takes care of us because he's our shepherd. Praise the Lord. And he's put us in the place. He's put pastors in the place as shepherds so that the sheep there have nothing of one. That's why we always come together. That's why we always pray together. That's why we have texting groups and we call one another. Whatever it is we do to support each other. Amen. To have need. And there's a reason Sister Norma sent that request. She sent it to my wife, but Sonia sent it to me for her husband and for her nephew because she didn't think she'd be here in time for the prayer request. What is that? That's just a dependence. Amen. She's depending on that for us &gt;&gt; that this get brought out from here that we all know and can lift it up before God and touch the touch the heart of God for her uh husband and for her nephew. &gt;&gt; And I use that example because we but we all have that situation that we have that we go through because we're a group. We're we're a part of this together. If we have need, if we have want or something, we call one another. We text one another or we uh you call the pastor or text or something. We go to the Lord in prayer and we have no want because God blesses and takes care of us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He lets every see that that's a lot of the confusion people have. People have confusion because they see all things that go that what we as humans consider a bad thing. But if we have we if we have trust and faith and we love God, we know that all things will work together for our good regardless of if it looks bad, feels bad, or so at the time. That's why a lot of people leave God because they, well, how could God do this? Well, why would God act that way? Why would God let this happen? Amen. When most of it's actually on free will. It happened because you a react an action has a reaction and your reaction. Amen. A lot of times that people put stuff at the doorstep of God and God didn't do it. You did that. Your actions and your decisions put you in that place. But anyway, uh we have no want because God takes care of us in in every way. And we know he does. Even as we've gone through some troublesome times, even if we've gone through some hardships, even if we've gone through some tribulations and things that's really put us on our knees, some sometimes you didn't was so dark you didn't think you'd ever see the light of day again. The dark the tunnel so long you didn't think there was ever an end to that tunnel. But God always brings you through. &gt;&gt; Amen. He always brings a light. He always gets you through. And when you're in that when when the analogy, I guess the story is when you're on that beachfront, you only see one set of footprints. That's because he's carrying you. He didn't leave you. He's carrying you. I have no want cuz he's my shepherd. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures, good fertile land, good soft uh uh grass, grazing food. Amen. God doesn't God doesn't give a ribeye to a a a six-month-old. He gives us good green pastures, place to lay down, help. He make he he uh makes us alive down in that green in that green pasture, that pasture that's of tender grass. Amen. It just feels good. Well, I know we don't have much of that in Tucson, but I grew up in a place where it was you could get in a meadow like that and it was just peaceful and calm. And as a kid, I could just you could just have fun, enjoy it, and run around. And he maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth meth not driveth. He leadth me beside the still waters, the peaceful, calm, still. Amen. And that's just the opposite. Notice how that's just the opposite of what the devil tries to do to you in this world. The one thing that devil wants to do is create confusion, to create panic, to create uh a an an external struggle in yourself. Amen. to to try to to try to create some confusion in your mind to try to deceive you in your mind to try to give you a turmoil that you're always struggling and always fighting and always pushing and always everything goes on around the world around this country everything always you see this and fighting that and this and pushing that and this and killing that this and hurting that and it's JUST ALL A COMPLETE CHAOS AND THAT'S WHAT THE devil wants. &gt;&gt; That's what he wants to get you in. But we want to be able to be led by the still waters. Amen. Led by those still waters. Amen. Because those are the places that we find him. That still small voice as God speaks in the peace, the serenity that in the middle of a tornado, you're calm &gt;&gt; because you know who's in control &gt;&gt; because he's your shepherd. Amen. You come, you know everything's going to be fine. Regardless of what the world looks like, doesn't matter. You know where the world's going anyway. We know what's happening to this country. You know, we know what's going on in the world. Uh Lord willing uh the next few weeks when we get done with this, I want to speak on that a little bit. Amen. Leadeth me beside the still waters. Praise. That's just even when you read it, it sounds calming, doesn't it? Just gives your spirit like a rest. Just feel like you could. Oh, it feels good. Peace, calm, so nice. Amen. He restoreth my soul. Bringeth back. That word restore is to bring back. Amen. To press again. The only way. We were lost. We had no way back. No way for salvation. No hope. But God restores our soul. He brings it back. Amen. From where it was. Amen. Because it w it was in the mind of God. That part of God that God put in us. That seed comes in that soul and he brings it back to where it's supposed to be in the rightful place in its rightful condition before God. He restores it. Brings it back. He restores my soul. He leadth me. again leadth not driveth leth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake he leads me down the avenues of righteousness he leads us down the ways of truth that straight and narrow way that path of righteousness for his name's sake not according to somebody else's idea opinion or thought amen if you have no moral compass which we consider the scripture to be the scripture is our moral compass. The scripture used to be our country's moral compass. I don't think it is anymore. But the scripture is supposed to be our moral compass. That's why we have on our books do not kill, do not steal, do not lie. Amen. Other countries don't have those things, friend. They don't have that type of moral compass. In fact, there's religious books out there that actually encourage their people to lie if it furthers the betterment of whatever they're doing. &gt;&gt; Amen. for the goodness of this God or whoever they consider this leader to be. They they're encouraged to lie. If it actually furthers that, it always it come it comes back to that that thing that so many people and not just other religions. I have people I know that call themselves Christians that that they believe in every way that the ends justifies the means and it doesn't. &gt;&gt; It doesn't. And you say, "Well, lie about it. It'll bring a better result, but the end doesn't justify the means. The way you got there is what matters, right? Amen. &gt;&gt; It'll bring you, even if you have to do a hard thing and tell the truth about something, it'll always bring it back around to where it's supposed to be in God. But there's other places they don't have that. This is our moral compass. This scripture is our moral compass. Amen. That's why we live by it. That's why it means so much to us. that we that we walk in those paths of righteousness, that truth of God's word. You if if everybody was left to their own morality, well, you well, you have what we've got today. People just living however they want, doing whatever they want, being they really don't care. Amen. Even to some people, just to kill somebody arbitrarily means nothing to them. I just I've heard people that were murderers that just come out and said, "I just killed him because I wanted them to die. I've never done it before. I just thought I'd try it. I see those people and I think and you know the first thing I said you've probably said it too this is something somebody with no conscience but they have to have a conscience because they got a soul &gt;&gt; a human has a soul and if a soul if they got a soul they got a conscience because conscience is a part of their soul but what the problem is the Bible says their conscience has been seared with a hot iron which means it's numb it's nullled and void it's been it's been seared like you when you burn yourself or something you it kind kind of numbs it. Amen. They've been seared with a hot iron where they they have a conscience, but it's dulled. It's numbed. It's not effective to uh to to getting to the moral compass of killing somebody is wrong. Murder is wrong. Stealing wrong. Lying is wrong. But people have that that compass. Amen. That conscience is seared. But God leads us in his paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Amen. Not by every individual's way. Amen. Like a lot of the people would want you to believe that. Well, you're your own god, so just, you know, whatever. You say whatever you want being, you know, I mean, they got to the place to say, well, you know, if you want to, you were born a woman, but if you want to be a man, just say you're a man. That makes you a man. You know what? Tomorrow you wake up and you feel a little uh a little more like a woman, then just say you're a woman. It's okay. Next day, if you want to be a man again, just go right ahead. Just say, "I'm a man." That makes you a man. All you got to do is say it and that makes it what you want it to be. Amen. That's the way of the world though. Yay, though I walk. Now, this is the thing that gets me so many times. And we went to me and Sonia went to Kay's funeral when the minister pastor uh woman got up there at that Methodist church. This the first thing she read is Psalms 23 at a funeral. And I'm thinking there's no there's no more scripture in the Bible that's a living scripture than this one. But people always tend to read Psalms 23 at a funeral. And I don't know why they do that because right here the B it inside the body of the scripture it says yay though I walk well you don't walk when you're dead you walk when you're alive. &gt;&gt; You don't walk through a shadow of death because you are dead. This is not a death scripture. This is a living scripture &gt;&gt; because all the things we just talked about and read. Plus right here it says we walk through the valley of the shadow of death. Amen. And that's all it is. It's a shadow now. Amen. Used to didn't be. But when Christ came and gave his life and overcame death, hell, and the grave, it became nothing but a shadow. Amen. Only a likeness, if you will. A shadow of death. Though I walk through that shadow, I will fear no evil. And who and what's debt? We're gonna talk I I got I I know I've been studying on this a lot, so if it comes out, forgive me. I don't mean to intertwine it with this, but when you see a scripture that just kind of confirms what you've been the Lord's been talking to you about, uh it means a lot. But remember, there is one horse rider uh that actually has a name. You all know what that name is? Death. &gt;&gt; There's one horse rider that has a name. Praise the Lord. And notice we're in that time right now. His name is death. David, how many years before that? He reads he he he pins this. Though I walk to the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear death. I will fear no evil. I don't fear it. I don't fear the devil. I don't fear evil. I don't fear death. Amen. &gt;&gt; That was that was David before Christ even came and conquered death, hell, and the grave. What was he do? Oh, I believe that prophetic part of him was looking forward and seeing just as he talked about several places in the scripture about Christ and being on the cross and uh God uttering through him this scripture to bring it to where we got to Calvary and now where we can read it here. We can look back and we look back at Calvary, but then we can look back even further and see David talking about Christ on the cross and REALIZE THE PROPHETIC nature even of Psalms and Psalms him telling us telling us here and believing I will fear no evil. Praise the Lord. For thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. You want some comfort? Now David said, "Thy rod and staff are a comfort to me." Now think about the two things that a shepherd carries with him that is for the sheep. He carries a rod which basically a rod a stick of I don't know how long. So long a stick had to be long enough because that stick that rod has to beat off any potential danger. If a wolf comes up to a sheep or a wolf gets close to it, that shepherd is to go up and beat that that wolf away from there or whatever enemy may come to try to take a sheep away. He has that rod to protect that sheep from the enemy. Well, it's no wonder that's a comfort to David. The a shepherd himself could speak uh firsthand of this. I've never been a shepherd, so I can only look at what the scripture says. HE DID IT HIMSELF. DAVID WAS A shepherd to tend sheep. So he knows what it meant for that rod that gave comfort because he knew himself even as a shepherd that he was the sheep of God's flock and being a shepher being being of God a sheep of God's flock that God would tend us the way that he tended his sheep with a rod AND A STAFF. ROD IS just a stick. IT WOULD BEAT OFF those potential dangers and animals that would try to try to come and take them away. It was also though for a discipline and a correction. Amen. So if a sheep started getting really rebellious, the shepherd would have to lay that stick on that that sheep to make sure he understood get him back in line. Amen. It reminds me of a a lesson you teach. See, kids kids aren't kids aren't to teach themselves. The parent is to teach the children. The children are supposed to be led and taught by the parent. Amen. And uh was it I can't remember one Christmas or Thanksgiving. One of the last times we were down visiting Zack Tabitha. Ruth came up to me and you know how little kids are. You know, did this and this and jabbering jabbering jabing about all everything else in the world, anything and everything. She just come off the cuff of this that and the other and Emma or Joel just kind of come up and say she's talking about this. Okay. I have no idea. They were over here and this happened. They saw that and it was a dog or something. And she's going on telling me and she starts at the end of the story telling me about the story and okay. So she comes up and said uh I burnt my finger. Uh I said oh you did? She said yeah. She showed it to me and she said, "Mommy told me not to parent supposed to tell, you know, iron is hot, honey. You don't touch an iron. When I'm ironing clothes, you don't touch the iron. It's hot. It'll hurt you." But as the little children do sometimes, she goes up and she touches the iron and it burned her and it hurt her. She started crying. She come to me uh several days later when we were there. It burned my finger. I said, "Oh." I said, "Okay." I said, "Phil," she said, "Yeah, it's better now." And I said, "I bet you won't ever do that again, will you?" She said, "No." See, cuz even though she didn't listen to mama, she got a greater lesson by sticking her finger on that iron. She won't do that anymore. Well, sometimes God's got to take that rod and he's got to lay it on the on on the sheep to get it back in line and say, "Okay, you won't listen. Well, then I' I've got to teach you a greater lesson to keep you in line." Because if you start wandering out here, you'll get lost. Next thing you know, you'll you'll be dead. That's right. A &gt;&gt; a predator will get you and kill you, eat you. Amen. We even know that a shepherd will if you get a real rebellious sheep, a shepherd will go out and break his leg if he has to go chase him two or three times, he'll break that sheep's leg, that lamb's leg to keep him in. And then he'll put him on his shoulder and he'll nurse him back to health and he'll get him back. And then that then then the relation comes up. Amen. When I when I get too far out, I get broke leg. If I get if I stray too far out, my leg broke. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to do that again. Amen. Burnt finger. Not going to do that again, are you? Nope. Amen. Just that simple lesson. You don't want them to get burnt. But sometimes children, sometimes adults just a little too hard-headed &gt;&gt; and have to learn the hard way. And God has to take that rod out, bring discipline, correction. Amen. And the shepherd also use the rod to count the sheep. You know, a shepherd constantly counts his sheep. Amen. To make sure they're all there. Now, that's a natural sheep. God doesn't have to do that because he's infinite. But a regular sheep had to take the rod and count the sheep. And he always count the sheep to make sure because um most of sheep, most I've ever seen, they all look alike. I mean, you can't look and say, "Hey, Bob. Hey, Fred. Hey, Sally. Hey, Sue." You know, they just all the sheep look all alike. They don't have names or they don't have initials on them or collars. They're just sheep. Sheep. You got to make sure if I had 14, I got 14. Now I got 14. And that and I still got 14. I still got 14. They count the sheep. Make sure that none has gone astray. Make sure that none has wandered off. Make sure that you've got what you're supposed to have. And that what a comfort that is. Amen. To know that even if we have to be corrected back into where we're supposed to be back on the path of righteousness, God is there to take care of us. &gt;&gt; Even if he has to break our leg, he is there to nurse us back to health. &gt;&gt; He is there to bring us back into the place that we are supposed to be. Amen. Staff. The staff is the crooked thing that you've seen. I'm sure looks kind of like a candy cane that is crooked like that. Uh thought about drawing a picture, but I figured you all knew what that was. The crooked part is to try to help guide the sheep. Now, if if the sheep gets the the rod for correction if the sheep gets way out of line, but they had the staff there to kind of if they're just kind of moving out a little bit, uh maybe not rebelliously, but just kind of getting off the beaten path a little bit. Amen. which we tend to do. Get off the beaten path. He takes that staff and just takes that crook there and just nudges them back over in line. Amen. You're getting out. Just get get back in line. Amen. What to brother Brandon when he woke up from that vision he was screaming get back in line. Amen. That staff is to gently take them. And also that staff was used because of the crook on the end that he could reach out and grab a sheep and pull him up to himself and hold him. It was to pick him up, to be able to move him. You can move him or bring him back to him that by that crooked end, go right under his belly and pull him up and and guide him. So you see how that in itself could be such a comfort, such a comfort to us. You think about a stick and a staff and you think, how could that be a comfort? But David realized the significance of those things and how much that brings us comfort to realize even if I get a little off, even if I go a littlestray, even if God is there to watch over me, if an enemy comes, if a if the devil comes, if something comes to try to take us and try to kill us, God is there to beat him off. God will take care of him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, he'll take care of him through us a lot of times. Amen. Get thee behind me, Satan. Praise the Lord. But God always is the ultimate authority. He takes care of us because he is the shepherd of the sheepfold. The rod and staff, they comfort us. Praise the Lord. You won't comfort. Just remember those things. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies. Now, that's one of my favorite things, especially when you start thinking about people that have come against you. Amen. And God continuously in the midst of all that, God continuously blesses you. God continuously proves that he's with you. God continuously shows not to just them but you. Amen. That you are his and that he is with you and that he is taking care of and watching over you. Amen. He does and proves it. But he prepares this this food this this uh comfort in the presence of our enemies. So regardless of what somebody might think of you, regardless of somebody might think you're a a rascal renegade or not a Christian or child of God, GOD CONTINUOUSLY PROVES THAT YOU ARE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. So who is who's going to say what now? When God speaks, who is going to come against that? God takes care of it. He prepares that table before me in the presence of my need. Thou anointest my head with oil. Amen. Remember the Holy Spirit we know represents the Holy Spirit. My uh the oil represents the Holy Spirit. My cup runth over. I am come to give you life and to give you life more abundantly, overwhelming, overflooding. How many of you in here believe that you've gotten blessed by God way more than what you ever deserved? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, you didn't have to raise your hand, but thank you for that. It was kind of just a rhetorical question, but anyway, uh truth is we all should. I believe we all do. It's humbling every day to think about when I think of myself of how God has blessed me and how unworthy that I that I am, have been and am of the grace and the mercies of God, the goodness of God that God has given me. where I could have been, where I I could have done, where I would be now if not been for the grace of God. My cup runth over continuously, continually run over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. That means now and after now. Shepherd of the sheepfold 1956. Brother Mar says, "And that's the way the human race is. We are absolutely totally helpless without the shepherd of the fold. We can't find our way back. We tried to educate our way back. We've tried to reform our way back, but we'll never be able. Education will never do it. Reformation will never do it. We're not reformers. Re says we're not reformers. THE POLICE OUT HERE, THEY are reformers. WE'RE PREACHERS OF THE GOSPEL. NOT TO try to put people on a penalty, crawl on your knees, and so forth, but to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ, deliverance to the people. Praise the Lord. Position of a shepherd. That's why the shepherds are that is that is what the shepherds are supposed to do to feed the sheep. Now, if they're God's sheep, what kind of fe uh what kind of feed do you feed them? Sheep food. They get sheep get sheep food. Not goat. Not goat food. Amen. But sheep food. The the the the shepherd is supposed to feed the sheep. Yes. But they're supposed to feed them sheep food. Where's the sheep food? The sheep food's right here. Amen. Stored up my sister and she talked about that was stored up. Amen. In the storehouse, we have the sheep food right here. The sheep food come directly from the shepherd, from the hand of the shepherd. Praise the Lord. You know, he uh you know, he said uh to Peter, "Love me, Peter, more than these." Yes, feed my sheep. Now, he never said, "Drive my sheep." He never said, "Kick my sheep." Which unfortunately, I have to admit I've seen pastors do. &gt;&gt; You can't drive sheep. You never kick them. He said, "Feed my sheep. &gt;&gt; That's what the sheep needs is some sheep food." Don't you think so? He says, "And you know the best sheep food I know of for your sick sheep and and all kinds of sheep." Here it is. He holds his Bible. I'm assuming he's holding his Bible. Here it is. That's right. In this great bread, a big bread basket of God. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. That's what the Holy Spirit lives on that's in you. Lives on the word of God. That's the connection of the shepherd to the sheep. Amen. Sheep food. The sheep leads. The shepherd leads the sheep. Not drives, not kicks, not beats, but leads. Amen. And gives feeds. Sheep food. Food in due spiritual food in due season. Amen. Sheep food. That's what the shepherd gets for the sheep is sheep food. Praise the Lord. Because the the shepherd is the first line of defense between the sheep and the enemy. Amen. Like I said, with the rod, the the the shepherd is the one to defend the sheep against the enemy. That's that's where a lot of that, as we said the other day, comes that comes down on the pastor for the people in his congregation. the responsibility that's been given not only just for the spiritual welfare but the protection from the enemy to keep the enemy at bay to keep the enemy off to keep the sheep on the right path to keep them on the path of righteousness for his name's sake the shepherd's responsibility the first line of defense amen when a shepherd when a sheep gets to the place that it starts getting uh astray or enemy comes after it the shepherd is to is to be there to defend that sheep from that enemy. Amen. The first line of defense is between those two. Now, let's go uh first St. John. I want to read the scripture that we just that he just spoke of just be a little bit longer. St. John chapter 21. I got a couple more really I think really good quotes too I'd like to read. St. John 21 place where we find this reading that brother Brandham just referred to starting with verse 15 St. John 21:15. And I had this uh through probably a greater explanation than I'll do today in my book uh about this scripture because there's more to this scripture than what we just read as far as the English language is concerned which I will go over a little bit uh but not in detail this evening. So uh St. John 21:15. So when they had dined, Jesus said to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? And he said unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee." He said unto him, "Feed my lambs." Amen. A lamb is is a younger sheep. He saith unto him again the second time,"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?" He said unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee." He saith unto him, "Feed my sheep, older sheep." Older, more experienced, more grown up, more grown in the Lord, if you will. He said unto him the third time, "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?" Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, "Lovest thou me?" And he said unto him,"Lord, thou knowest all things. Thou knowest that I love thee." Jesus said unto him, "Feed my sheep." Amen. Now, there's a difference in the love that Jesus is talking about here because it came to my attention uh more more so when I guess the Lord was directing me to write that book. It came to me that uh that it was fairly fairly peculiar. In fact, I've never found any other place in the scripture where Jesus does this. Three times inconsecutive uh consecutively to the same person the same question. But it really isn't the same question. Jesus said first he said, "Love thou me more than these." Then he says, "Lovest thou me, not more than these, but do you love me?" And notice, you probably don't know because it doesn't say because our word love in the English language is interchangeable to uh the different loves that we know of. It's in the Greek language. Uh filio love, agapo love, and agapeo love. See? And uh so there's there's God's love in action. There's God's love that's just love because he is love. And there's a filio love which is human love. And when God asks the question, God is of course talking about the agapeo love, God's love. Amen. God's love. Do you love me more than these? And he said, I you know that I love thee. And his response is a filio love. If you go look, you can see. So the loves are different. But I want to get to the feed the feed my sheep part. Uh if you want further on the love part, just read my book. uh the whole I go through it quite extensively in there but the feed part I want to talk about feed my lambs. Now the feed my lambs. Now we notice that the lambs and the sheep are a a differentiation of uh more mature or a less mature. But a shepherd is supposed to be able to be in condition to take care of any sheep, if you will, that is put in their care, whether they're younger sheep, whether they don't have as much experience, they haven't grown as the Lord, maybe uh grown in the Lord maybe as some of the others in the congregation or something. They're to be able to take care of every level of sheep that's there. Feed. Now, the feed is a different is actually two different feeds in here. uh the the the first feed that's actually St. John 15:17 is a feed. Now listen to this. The word feed, it's the same uh uh it uses the same feed d for all of these. But the verse when he says it verse 15 and 17, Jesus is referring to this portraying the duty of a Christian's teacher to promote in every way the spiritual welfare of the members of the church. Now, how does that sound? Just exactly like what we read earlier in in Greek 41:66 when it comes talking about pastors and shepherds. Amen. Again, portraying the duty of a Christian teacher to promote in every way the spiritual welfare of the members of that church. Amen. the that that position in the spiritual welfare of the congregants of the sheep of those that are under the care of that pastor that is his position to be able to promote in every way the spirit your your spiritual welfare amend for all of us our spiritual welfare that's what is now the the verse 16 same word feed d which is a derivative which is uh the the the root word of this is the same word as pastors that we read the Greek word it's the same word I don't want to go into all that but it's the same it's a derivative the root word is the same word that is used for pastors shepherds that we just read and this the 16th verse feed is this to feed to tend a flock to keep sheep amen to feed. Now, notice how it it it varies seemingly uh marginally in what we have in our language, but it really is a difference, but it encompasses the entirety of what a shepherd is supposed to do for the sheep. Listen, we'll continue on. to feed, to tend a flock, keep the sheep, to supply the re the requisites for the soul's needs, the requisites, the necessities of the soul's needs. Now look what he does. It take it it talks about now the tasks. Now this is not in the other feet. Do you notice how Jesus when he says the word feed, he isn't simply saying just preach to them? That's not what he's saying. You think feed? Okay, I'll come to church and I'll I'll preach to you and that's it. We'll go home and that's the end of it. No, doesn't work that way. What Jesus was doing was encompassing every aspect of what a of what a real shepherd pastor's duty responsibility is to his flock. Now look at this. It even goes on in the Greek in the verse 16 feed to saying to watch for enemies trying to attack the sheep. Amen. Now feed the sheep. Yes. But it but to watch for enemies trying to attack the sheep. You think, well that's encompassed in the word that Jesus used, feed. Yes, that's part of it. To defend the sheep from attackers. to heal the wounded and sick sheep. That's part of feat. Yes. Take care of responsibility of to find and save lost or trapped sheep to love them sharing their lives and so earning their trust. I noticed when you have confidence in somebody that person can help you. If you don't have confidence in that person, the advice you're giving you or what they're telling you or whatever, if you don't have confidence in that person, they can't help you. No matter how much truth they bring, no matter how much good they can give, if you don't have confidence in that person, first of all, you're probably not going to do what they're recommending or what they're teaching or what they're telling, but you're not going to you're you're not going to uh become a part of what they're offering because you have no confidence in that person. I mean that's why it's so important when brother Brandham talked in the scripture talks about killing someone's influence when when you talk about killing murder killing somebody destroying somebody that's why he couples that the scripture does brother Brown as much as actual physical death when you destroy somebody's character the point of that IS TO TRY TO cause other people to turn against that individual So they no longer have confidence in that individual &gt;&gt; as a person. And that's the killing of an influence. That's death according to the scripture. You go into John, it tells you. You say, "I never murdered anybody." Yeah, but you killed their influence. You killed their reputation. You killed their uh uh their standing in front of the people. And if the people have no confidence in them, it's it's like it's like I used to say uh in Florida, we had a vote every year in Florida. Not a vote of another pastor, but a vote of confidence to me. Uh do you still have confidence in your pastor? Amen. That was basically what it was. It wasn't to switch out another pastor because there was nobody else running, but it was like a confidence vote. Is there confidence? cuz I I you know that people are saying well if there's more than 50%. I I I'm like look you know we have a small congregation there's one or two you know I I don't know what do you do at that point. I if I can't be any more help to a group of people I might as well hit the road so you can find somebody you can have confidence in. So God will lead you somebody in here that you can have confidence in. Because if I'm up here and half of you have no confidence in me, what are we doing? You can't be helped. I can't help you because you have no confidence. You have no confidence. It's like people have no confidence in God. God can't help that person. People say, "I pray and pray and pray." Yeah, but who are you praying to? What are you praying about? Are you praying for God to change his mind or are you praying that God will change your mind? What do you pray? Do you have confidence in the one you're talking to? DO YOU BELIEVE THAT WHAT YOU ASK HE'S GOING TO ask that he's going to answer? &gt;&gt; If you don't have confidence, it's not going to help you. You got to have confidence. You got to have faith. You got to have belief that if that that God will do what he said he would do. Amen. Earning their trust. That's a big part of it. Making sure that they if they have confidence, then they then they can help you. That's the whole point. Amen. And I thought it was very essential, especially when, like I said, I was pastoring in Florida. It was a very important part of it. But all of these things, all of these attributes, all of these uh actions are a part of God's duty to us, the pastor's shepherd's responsibility to his flock. Amen. Not just to get up and preach. Understand? Now, I want to read these uh uh uh while I did that. Let's go over to Acts. Acts chapter 20. It's the last scripture I want to read. Acts 20. Acts 20:28, couple of verses. Acts 20:28. Uh, take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost had made you overseers to feed the church of God which he had purchased with his own blood. Again, bringing that back to the reality of the importance of this and the and the humble humbling that it does to any real pastor. It would be very humbling to feed the church of God which he purchased with his own blood. For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise. Also among yourselves, among your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw them away disciples after them, not after God. A true shepherd doesn't guide you to anyone but to the sheepfold to the great shepherd. He never tries to draw you to himself or anything he is says done. Always the shepherd will lead you to the great sheepfold to the shepherd the the great shepherd of the sheep to draw disciples after them. Therefore, watch and remember that by the space of the three years, I cease not to warn everyone night and day with tears. That's how great of an issue that that uh Paul thought it was. Amen. To make sure that everybody under his voice knew and felt the and of course the ones that he was responsible for and the shepherds that were there did this and felt the same way. Now, let me read these couple of quotes. I'll close here. the Godhead explained. Now, this is very unusual. It's the only place I've ever found brother Brandham explaining this like this, but listen. And and usually anything that's unusual springs up is called into question. It's And I think it's no more than right. Listen to how Brother Brown puts this. It's no more than right. It should be called into question what? Anything that seems unusual that springs up, he says it should be brought into question. And I think that pastors sometime are suspicious of things that they hear and I think they have a right to be because if I understand the translation of the word pastor means a shepherd. Therefore, he is a feeder or a herder of a group of men and women of which the Holy Spirit has made him the overseer. And he has a right. The pastor has a right to know what kind of food his sheep is eating and where it is coming from. That's why he talked about a a shepherd, a pastor would be a little more suspicious of things you listen. Amen. I've talked about I told it to brother Green and about the ringing of the bell. Brother said it rings a bell. Something in me goes off. It's that's the Holy Spirit. You know, Brother Green taught that. Don't just say it's, you know, a little something told you or whatever. That's God. That's the Holy Spirit. Say what it is. Amen. When that goes off in me, it's I believe that's God in me telling me that something's not right about what that brother just said or what he just preached. He said that pastor has a right to believe that, to be suspicious of those things. He has a right to know what kind of food his sheep is getting and where it's coming from. I think he has a right to that. And if a pastor sometimes people would seem to be just a little bit suspicious, that doesn't never should not bother anyone. It should only bring a respect to the man's heart for the man of them that he's standing uh that's standing that would question it. And after all, if you're not sure that you're lined up right, how can you ever walk by faith? That's a part of the pastor's responsibility. Amen. To make sure that that we're walking straight. We're mo we're on that straight and narrow. Amen. That we actually have faith in God. When we talk to God and we bring petitions to the Lord, we know he hears us. We know he's listening. We know he answers. We have faith to believe. Periods. And it might not always work out the way I have it worked or figured in my mind that it's going to work, but it'll work together for our good. I know that. Praise the Lord. Because we're not to pray a rosary or some kind of something. We're not there to change God's mind on anything. We're asking, Lord, change me to fit your will. Praise the Lord. That's faith. Revelation, book of symbols. He said, "If a boy was at the door, knock at the door there and told the usher, I have a telegram here." Here's another important one. So listen close. I have a telegram here for Mrs. So and so and Mr. So and so he would be a messenger or an earthly angel. your pastor when he stands here on the platform ministering the word of God. He is God's angel to that church, messenger to that church. Therefore, a pastor should never never leave that word. Praise God. I don't know how to emphasize that any stronger, but a pastor should never leave that word. I said, any minister should never leave the word. Pastor should never leave that word, but stay right straight on that word because he's feeding in the shepherd's place because the word pastor here means shepherd. Amen. And said, look it up. You'll find it's right. A pastor is a shepherd. The Holy Spirit has made him the overseer of a certain flock to feed them with what? With God's word. The shepherd's position, pastor's position to feed. to protect, to take care of, to watch over, to correct, to bring back, to to fend off the enemy. The first line of defense is to keep the enemy at bay. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can't always do that physically, but I certainly can when I come before the Lord on your behalf. &gt;&gt; Amen. And stand in the gap on your on your behalf. Praise the Lord. That's the first line of defense to keep you from the enemy, to keep the to keep the enemy at bay, to keep the Lord so strong in your life, in your heart, that that it it it overcomes anything and everything that the devil tries to throw at you. Praise the Lord. And to hopefully by God's grace have enough confidence to believe that what I'm teaching, what I preach is the word of God. It's the truth. It's the word. You go and you look and you read for yourself and find that's what he said. That's what the word says. That's what the prophet said. I believe that to be the truth. Sometimes it's not easy. A lot of times it's very burdensome. But God takes care of the whole the whole thing. Every bit of it. Amen. To make sure and watch over his sheep. The whole thing is to take care of all this is for him. All that we do, everything, it's all for him, for his glory, for his honor. It's not to bring any, again, not to lead anybody to a person, to a church, to a pastor, but it's to lead them to Christ. &gt;&gt; That's the whole thing. We all to be led to Christ, not to a doctrine, not to a dogma, not not to some uh ideology of some kind, but to Christ. Amen. to a living, risen savior who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he is in your life right now as he has ever been. &gt;&gt; Amen. You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if we could. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe the Lord is with us to to keep us, &gt;&gt; to watch over us, &gt;&gt; to bring us in this last day for all to be brought to a place of of rapturing faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Many times my prayer will include something of that nature for the the bride worldwide, for the ministry worldwide to bring us all to that place of rapturing faith. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's just sing this little chorus. Amen. All is well. I just want to sing the verse uh the chorus. Amen. We probably all know it pretty well. Amen. If you don't or if you're home, 650 if you don't know it. Amen. All is well. Praise the Lord. Michael have it on the screen here for us. Don't we won't get to the verses. We just read just we just sing the chorus a couple times through. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you believe all is well today? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place a perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest the right rest for all is well. Yes, all is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest a bright rest for all is well. Let's sing it one more time with all our hearts now. Yes. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom. And all is well. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest the bright rest for all is well. Hallelujah. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me by the still waters. He restoreth my soul. &gt;&gt; Praise you, Jesus. He leads me down the path of righteousness for his name's sake. Glory to God. All is well today, saints. You believe that? It may not look like it, especially if you look out in the world. May not look like it, but all is well. Praise the Lord. Little bride, don't be afraid. &gt;&gt; Don't be discouraged. God is with you. Wherever you may go, God is with you. God is with your families. God is with your loved ones. Amen. Because they're a part of you. Amen. And you belong to him. and they belong to you. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; You belong to him and they belong to you. Praise God. I believe that. Amen. I thank the Lord Jesus. He's so good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. I pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord today. Amen. Appreciate the Lord's goodness. Appreciate each one of you coming here. If you're streaming, God bless you if you're still on. Amen. give all that we have these last times, these last days, these last whatever time we got left. Amen. We just dedicate to the Lord. Be faithful at the post. Amen. So, God richly bless you. Love you. Appreciate you. Amen. We'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Um I probably I'll probably find out maybe uh if I can see what prognosis there might be uh that brother Dennis might be with us. Uh, I I'd really like to have the community footwashing like we said before. Um, so Lord will I want to do it first year. Mike was gone. Brother Dennis had been well. I kind of like to have if we can. If not, we'll we'll work it out either way. But, uh, as the new year began, I like to kind of have the communion. So, Lord willing, uh, I will announce that to you. We'll find out. If it looks like he's going to be gone a good while, then we'll probably just go ahead and have it. But, I'll let you know. and uh but just be in prayer about that. See what the Lord will do. But it's been on my heart. So just trust uh we get that here real shortly. So God richly bless you. Amen. I don't have to rush off. Today would have normally been my travel day. I don't have to rush off today. So thank the Lord. So God richly bless you. Love you. Appreciate you. Amen. Anyone else have anything before we go? to &gt;&gt; I have to mention that I have a actually a second job interview Tuesday with a different company. So, thank you all for pray for praying because it seems like since I redid my resume, I'm getting all these now responses and they want to have phone screenings and that. So, I have another interview different company on Tuesday. &gt;&gt; So, it's not a second interview. &gt;&gt; It's it's a second interview. But with like I've already had one interview. So I've had like a first interview. Now I have another interview with another company. Okay. &gt;&gt; So it's I'm getting &gt;&gt; and then I have like a third phone screen with another. So it's all these interviews in a row with these different companies. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's been a very long time and unexpected in this economy. So &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jobs are &gt;&gt; being created all the time. It's it's kind of a weird time right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Different being laid off but other things that are coming about. So Lord knows &gt;&gt; he takes care of his own. &gt;&gt; Yes, he does. &gt;&gt; Amen. So remember Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Anyone else then? &gt;&gt; Yes. I've been studying uh in the Bible, King James Bible online about pastors and getting that verse and going through different verses and it's so overwhelming. &gt;&gt; I have a greater respect for you. &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; and I appreciate you staying on the word right there. So, I thank you for that. That means a lot to me. I know how Sister has felt. We've been together for a long time now. I guess almost since we moved to Tucson. So that means a lot. Even when we were in the mountains, the Lord had them in the mountains when we were up there and then brought them back down here waking up. So that means a lot to me. I appreciate that very much. Praise the Lord. Remember all the prayer requests. Amen. Just keep those before the Lord. And God bless you. Bless you. Amen. We'll be dismissed in the word of prayer. and our head as we could. Lord Jesus, it's privileged to have been here, God, and once again in your house. Thank you, Lord, for the invitation. Thank you for making us feel welcome. Thank you, Lord, for vis visiting and being with us here today, God. Thank you for speaking to us from your word. And Lord, we just trust all our worship, God, was a sweet smelling savior to you. Now, God, as we leave this place, God, may you be with each one of us and keep us in your protective care. May you just help us along the journey, God, and whatever this week, if we granted the whole week. Lord, if we're granted tomorrow, whatever it may be, God, you just watch over us and keep us through it. We commit ourselves to you. Help those that weren't able to make it. Lord, we just lift up the prayer requests before you again. We just pray that your Holy Spirit would move and measure and meet upon each one, God, your perfect will. We just commit ourselves to you now, Lord, and be with us as we go our ways in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today.
