################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1042026 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1/04/2026
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aSH2LgvFqI
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1/04/2026
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[snorts] Praise the Lord, saints. God bless you this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Preaching the name of the Lord Jesus. Good to see each one of you here today. Good to be back in the house of the Lord. Amen. So thankful for the Lord Jesus blessing us with another week, another time to come to his house. Amen. Glory to his name. Let's stand if we could. Amen. We're just going to start our service out with prayer. Amen. Just trust the Lord will meet with us again today. Lord Jesus, we're so very thankful again, Father, for your grace, your mercy. Thank you for your hand of love, God, that you put upon our lives. Lord, lead us and guide us and show us your ways, your truth, your life. God, we are a a needy people today. Father, we are in great need of the continuence of your Holy Spirit to move upon us and to lead us and guide us. And Lord, as that pyramid narrows down to a very tip at the top, God. Lord, we need more direction now than we've ever needed in our lives. We need more of the Holy Spirit, Lord. We need more of you, God, than we've ever had, Father. And we know that the only way that we can get more of you, Lord, is for more of us to die. So Lord, may more of us, God, go away. That Lord, you, Father, would have complete preeminence, complete control, complete authority over our lives and over our direction, leadership, and everything that every one of us would say, God, that we desire more than ever. We're beginning a new year here, Lord, and the fourth day of this new year. And just still hard to believe it's 2026. But Lord, here in a new year, God, we I I believe if every one of us had a a resolution that we would give to you, Lord, it would be that we want to be closer to you, more like you every year, God, that's our desire every day. That's our desire to get more uh more like you, closer to you, Lord. So may you bless us now in this service, Father. May that be granted through this service to each one of us. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done here today. We give you thanks and praise, Father. Glorify you today in this service. Worship you today in this service. Magnify you today in this service. Give you all that we have, God, in this service today. For this is what we have. This is the day that you give and this is the time, God, that we've chosen. We've come from out of the world, Lord, to to serve you, Father, in this service today. May you receive it unto yourself as a sweet smelling savior. We commit it to you now in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. [snorts] Amen. So thankful to be back in the house of the Lord again today. Happy New Year to you. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a new year that we have another year to Amen. make wrongs right, to do things better, to get closer to God, to become more like God. &gt;&gt; Sister, did you have a &gt;&gt; Do you feel to come up, brother, or or you can just stay right there? Lord Jesus, Father, our brother is in a great need of the moving of your spirit, Lord, upon his life right now. Father, we're praying and binding together as a congregation, as a family, as believers that your Holy Spirit would move on him and touch him and heal him and calm this whatever it is, this demonic force or sickness, illness, whatever it is. We bind you, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ. You must take your hands off of God's property, off of this brother right now in Jesus Christ's name. Lord, may you get all the glory, honor, and praise for what's happening to our brother right now and bring perfect healing, Father, to his body, to his mind, to his spirit. We receive it in the name of Jesus Christ and for your glory and honor. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We believe &gt;&gt; regardless of what the enemy tries to do. &gt;&gt; Amen. Greater is he that is in us than he that is in this world. Praise the Lord. Let's sing and worship the Lord. Amen. Let's worship the Lord. Praise God. He's so good. He's so worthy of all of our praise. Amen. &gt;&gt; All of our worship. Amen. 426 in the book. We have it on the screen here. We've got it put up here. Amen. And we're together again just praising the Lord in one accord just praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. [singing and applause] We're together again in [applause and singing] one accord. Something good [applause] is going to happen. Something good has [singing and applause] in store. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. [singing and applause] Oh, we're together again. And we're praising [applause] the Lord. [singing] We're together again in one accord. Something good [singing] is going to happen. Something [applause] good God has in store. We're together again. We're praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we're together again. [singing] We're praising the Lord. [singing] We're together again. In one accord, something good is going to happen. Something good God [applause] has in store. We're together again. [applause] Just praising the Lord. One more time now. We're together again. [applause] Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good [singing] is going to happen. Something good God has in [applause] store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. [singing] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise his holy name. Glory to God. I'm so glad to be together again. Amen. You know, there's a chance, there's an opportunity, there's a possibility that later on as time carries, there might not have this opportunity. We might not have this chance to come together to be together. Amen. To worship the Lord Jesus. We take advantage of every moment, every possibility that we have to worship him. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Psalm number 478. Amen. In the book, I have it on the screen here. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've shortly been good to me. Hallelujah. Has he been good to you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Jesus. He's been so good to us, hasn't he? Amen. Lord, [singing] Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, [applause] Lord, you've surely been good to me. [singing] Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done [singing] what this world could not do. You saved my soul when I was [singing] lost. You've surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You've surely been [applause] good to me. [singing] You saved my soul when I was lost. You've surely been good to me. [applause] You have done what this world could not do. [singing] You healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been [applause] good to me. You healed my body [singing] when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. You healed my body when [applause] I was sick. You've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Amen. [applause] You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to [singing] me. [applause] You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good [singing] to me. You have done what this world could never do. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. Lord, [singing] Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, [applause] you've surely been good to me. [singing] Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done [singing] what this world could not do. You You saved my soul when I was lost. You've surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You've surely been good to me. [singing] You saved my soul when I was lost. You've surely [applause] been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. [singing] And you healed my body when I was sick. [applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. You healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. [singing and applause] You healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. You have done what this [singing] world could not do. Oh, I like this one now. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to Hallelujah. You [applause] filled me with the [singing] Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. [applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. This world offers everything that it possibly can. The devil will offer you everything he possibly can. He'll try to make you as happy and try to fill you with stuff that makes you think that you're happy. But there's one thing he cannot do. He cannot fill you with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; This world cannot give you the Holy Ghost. The devil cannot. Amen. That comes from the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. He's so good to us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise his holy name. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. The next one's in the burgundy book here. If you have the burgundy book, we'll have it on the screen here for you, though. [snorts] Amen. I forgot to bring my book with me. Amen. [clears throat] Praise the Lord. Let me grab this one. I have I have a hard time seeing sometimes with my glasses. I have a hard time seeing the screen that's on here. So, I like having the book so I can see better. Amen. [clears throat] Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's find it here. Song number 129. If you have a burgundy book, burgundy book, I want to look at it there. [cough] It's 129. Amen. Well, the words in this is much better than the words on here. Amen. We're going to sing it, though. Amen. I just feel like something good. Amen. What a what a wonderful New Year song. Amen. I just feel like something good is about to happen. I don't think we've ever sung this year. So, pray for me and we'll try to sing it together. Amen. Since Micah is not here, it's I just I may have to hunt for a key. And uh well, we'll give it our best. Amen. [clears throat] I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on its way. He has promised that he'd open all of heaven. And brother, it could happen any day when God's people humble themselves to call on Jesus and they look to heaven expecting [singing] as they pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be that very day. I have learned in all that happens just to praise him. For I know he's working all things for my good. Every tear I shed is worth all the investment. For I know he'll see me through. He said he would. He has promise. I no ear can hardly fathom all the things he has in store for those who pray. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, it could be this very day. [singing] Yes, I've noticed all the bad news in the paper. It seems like things are bleeer every day, [singing] but for this child of God, it makes no difference because it's bound to get better either way. [singing] I've never been more thrilled about tomorrow. Sunshine's always bursting through the skies of gray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, it could be this very day. Oh, let's sing it again. I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on its way. He has promised that he'd open all of heaven. And brother, it could happen any day [singing] when God's people humble themselves to call on Jesus and they look to heaven expecting as they pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, it could be this very Let's sing that again one more time. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. [singing] I just feel like something good is on its way. [singing] He has promised that he'd open all of heaven. And brother, it could happen any [singing] day. When God's people humble themselves to call on Jesus and they look to heaven expecting as they pray, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, it could be this very day. [singing] Hallelujah. You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. You feel that way? &gt;&gt; God is doing something. Amen. He's doing something in this world, but more than anything, he's doing something in our lives. &gt;&gt; He's doing something in your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's why you feel like something good is about to happen, cuz the Lord's doing it in your life. Hallelujah. We see it in the world. We see the things going on, but God's doing something in our lives. That's what matters the most. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. We go to the Lord in prayer now. take up any prayer requests. Amen. I have a couple of requests here. Uh we put out the text the other day about brother Dennis. So please continue to remember him. His foot uh he's still having a really difficult time with that right foot. So please remember him in prayer. the ulcer just kind of gets a little better tends to and then it gets a little worse and now his foot's swollen and uh yesterday text Sonia said that he was uh his wife Leah was wanting to take him to the ER today so I don't know if they did that. I haven't heard from him. Uh probably try to get in contact with him after service today but please remember him in prayer. uh the podiatrist he's been going to has given him a couple of different antibiotics and uh some of them's been a little rough on his body, but u just trust and believing that u amen the Holy Ghost can move right in there and kill that infection just as good or better than any antibiotic that humans can come up with. But Amen. But we're thankful that we have doctors that uh that uh hopefully at least sometimes know what they're doing. Amen. Can help a little bit. So, we're just trusting that the Lord more than anything touch brother Dennis and heal him. Amen. Got a text from sister Pat from brother Pat. He said that uh he's plugged up and uh medicine's keeping him close to the restroom. So, uh please remember brother and sister Pat, of course, this morning in prayer. Uh sister uh Sharia text me this morning and said that uh they forgot to set their alarm, woke up really late and they're not going to be here today. Maybe they're streaming. So Lord bless him. I did not hear anything from Danny which is unusual. He's either here I hear from him one or the other. So please remember him in prayer. Amen. Lord would [clears throat] just touch and help him. Of course. Amen. Good to see sister Karen back. Amen. I know it's winter time when when Sister Karen comes. Amen. Even though it doesn't feel like it outside, uh I don't think I've ever witnessed a warm winter as we've had this year. It it's just been unbeliev I had we had to turn the air condition went home when we went to bed last night. My wife said you got the air conditioner on. I said it's hot. It was hot in the room. Amen. So we sleep cold anyway. So it was just I had to turn the air conditioner on. It had gotten so warm in the house. So uh but good to see and have sister Karen. Good to have uh brother Steve and Anna and Madison back with us. Amen. So thankful that the Lord gave them ability to be here today. Amen. Just trust in the Lord's blessings. Amen. Does anyone else have anything? Anyone any other prayer request? Amen. At all? Yes. &gt;&gt; Who is that? &gt;&gt; Brother Caleb. He's suffering from very high blood pressure. &gt;&gt; He's had that for a little while. &gt;&gt; He did face for the last few days. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay, that is bad. Did not know that. Thank you. Amen. If anybody didn't hear, Caleb, brother Caleb Duron has experiencing very high blood pressure and has been bedridden because of it for the past few days. So, remember that prayer. Amen. Anyone else? I know Tom and Tommy are out hunting. They're supposed to be hunting. So, &gt;&gt; they're going to go up the mountain today. Tom and Tommy and Elizabeth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Okay. &gt;&gt; Traveling. Okay. So, let's remember them. Traveling mercies. Amen. Anyone else have unspoken request in your heart? Lord knows all about us today. So thankful for the Lord's blessings to us. Let's stand if we could. Amen. [clears throat] Just take these names of the Lord. Remember Micah and he's on vacation traveling. Uh he's in California. So please remember him in prayer. Amen. If California goes under when he's there, he'll be the first one to go. He'll be the first one of us to go. Uh, I remember brother Green got mad at me because I took the school kids to California one time. And I understand. I I I really do. I get it. I uh those things just I just don't think about that. It doesn't those things don't bother me. I I think I told him made him matter at me, but I think I told him I said, "Well, Brother Green, if it's going to go, I might as I might as well be the first one. I go get knee deep in the ocean and just, you know, I'm I know where I'm going anywhere." So anyway, so whatever the Lord's will is, uh, wherever we are, we just want to be found faithful at the post. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So please remember him in prayer if you will, as as well. Lord Jesus, we're very thankful again, Father, of this time, of this opportunity. Thank you, Lord, that we know that we can bow our heads from whence our bodies came and trust you to hear our cries, to hear our requests. Lord, you've asked us to ask and we've asked. We've verbalized. We brought up people's names, infirmities, conditions. Lord, you knew them before we ever mentioned them. You knew them before they ever written down. You knew them before they ever became conditions. But Lord, we pray as we call on you now, Father, to move on every one of them, to touch them, Lord, and to bless and be with them and strengthen and heal. God, we just sang that song, Lord, that Lord, Lord, you've been so good to us, Lord. Even when we were when we were sick, you healed us, oh God. We're so thankful for that, Father. And there's some that are out, Lord, today sick, not feeling well. And brother Dennis, Lord, with that foot, he's just having a time with that thing, God. Just touch him. Heal him, Lord. Take that infirmity from his body. Take that infection from his body, Lord. Heal that sore, Lord, and make him perfectly well. We're trusting you for it, Lord God. my brother, sister Pat. God, just continue to touch and strengthen them, Lord, to bring help and healing, Lord, to their bodies. And Lord, just touch them in a supernatural way. Now, Father, we pray. And God, we're just so thankful, Father, for those that have come, Lord, for those who weren't able to make it. May your hand be upon them and help them as well, God. We're continuing to believe, Lord, and pray your hand upon Steve's life, too. God, we've just laid hands on and have belief in prayer of us binding together. And Lord, that's the that's the that's the recipe of your word, Lord, that we do, God. We lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. We know it to be so, God. And we believe it. We've experienced it. We know it, God, because your word says it, Lord. We just pray that you bless our precious brother Caleb Duron, Lord, that you would go where he's at, Lord, and touch him and heal him in that body. raise him up and make him perfectly well, Father, to do your perfect will, whatever it would be in his life, God. And we thank you, Lord, for uh uh uh uh Art and Shariah, God, and not able to be with us today. Help them as well, Lord. And Tom and Tommy, Elizabeth, Lord, traveling today, God. May your hand be upon them and grant them traveling mercies. Get them home safe, Lord, and bless them. And bless my son, Lord Micah. May you help him miss him, Lord, when he's not here so much, God. God, may you just help him be with him and keep him safe, Lord, and bringing back to us, God. We're just thankful, Father, for all that you do for us and all that you've done and just trusting you in all things, God, for every request and every need. We just commit ourselves, Lord, in these requests into your hands. Trust you to meet them now, God, as you have always unfailingly have done. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. He's so good to us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Psalm number 42. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here, but you'll find it in the book. Psalm number 42. I feel like traveling on. Amen. Probably more than ever, saints. I feel like traveling on. How about you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. My heavenly home is bright and fair. feel like traveling. Amen. Let's sing it to him now. &gt;&gt; My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No more pain, [singing] nor [applause] death and enter there. I feel like [applause] traveling home. Oh yes. I feel [singing] like traveling. Traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly [singing] home is bright and there I feel like traveling home. It's glittering towers of sun out shine. I feel like traveling on. That heavenly manion shall be mine. I [singing] feel like [applause] traveling on. Oh yes, I feel [singing] like traveling, traveling on. Yes, [singing] I feel like traveling on. [applause] My heavenly home [singing] is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. Let others see your home below. I [singing] feel like traveling on reach flames [singing] divore waves or flow. I feel like traveling on, boy. Yes, I [singing] feel like traveling, [applause] traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Oh, listen this now. The Lord has been so good to me. I [singing] feel like traveling on until [singing] that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling [singing] on. Oh yes, I [applause] feel like traveling, traveling on. I [singing] feel like [applause] traveling home. My heavenly home is wide and fair. I feel like traveling. Sing at last verse again. Oh, the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling home until that blessed home I see. I feel [applause] like traveling [singing] on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling traveling [singing] on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. [applause] I feel like traveling on. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Don't I just feel like traveling on? &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you feel like it. Praise the Lord. Amen. What it is to a saint, to a child of God, to have that promise, to know the reality that this world is not our home. I can't even imagine what it would be like, saints, if we didn't have the understanding, the reality to know that this world is not our home. That we have a better home, a greater home waiting. &gt;&gt; Oh my, I don't know if I had to depend on this earth. If I had to depend on this world, if I had to look at this as my final destination, it the life's not worth living hardly. Amen. But I'm so thankful that God has proved to us and shown to us. Amen. That uh we have a home waiting for us. Amen. A home not made by man's hands. Amen. But is prepared of God in the heavens. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I appreciate uh I meant I meant to ask for for you don't always forget to ask about myself but uh I'm supposed to have I'm I'm assuming what is an exit interview uh tomorrow morning with the the man that hired me my boss's boss or what was my manager's boss uh the man that's over that's in charge of the entire new build section supposed to have I guess what you consider an exit interview tomorrow morning. I just pray that that you'd help me pray with that. It's go everything will go okay and everything will be fine and u I don't know what to expect or what's going to happen but uh the Lord has it all in control and whatever his perfect will is. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what I want. So, praise the Lord. So, God bless you. Appreciate your prayers for that. Amen. Does anyone have a testimony or anything on your heart today? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. If not, we'll just stand to our feet and we'll just uh we'll go right to the scripture. Amen. We'll go over again to Ephesians chapter 4. Amen. We'll start back Ephesians chapter 4 instead of Romans uh this time. We're in adoption still, but uh got a few more to go, the Lord willing. Amen. But uh this would be adoption part 35, five-fold ministry part eight I believe. But this is the part of of evangelists. We went through apostles. Uh we went through prophets few before we went on our trip and last week we finished up on prophets. So the next is going to be evangelists. Amen. So adoption part 35. This will be fivefold ministry part 8 and the subtitle is evangelism or evangelists. Amen. So Ephesians chapter 4, we're going to uh begin reading with chapter uh 10 or verse 10, excuse me, chapter 4 verse 10. And just trust the Lord bless it today. And let's just bow our heads for prayer for good one more time before we read the word. Father God, very thankful Lord Jesus again of this precious word. Thank you Lord for blessing us with it Lord and giving it to us that we can open up at any time Lord and read these words and not just read the words but expect those words to come off those pages and into our hearts and into our lives Lord and make a difference to us Lord and and reveal that word to us that we don't live just a regular normal life Lord we we live a we live a life that's of revelation we live a revelated life we live a life of the Holy Spirit, Lord, walking close to you, walking with you, you walking in us, Lord, leading us, guiding us, showing us. And Lord, as this word comes alive to us, Lord, it means to us, Lord, what you intended it to be, God, when you had men moved of the Holy Ghost to write it, Lord, let it live in us, Lord. Let it come alive even now, Father, to each one of us as we commit it into your hands. May you bless it now, Lord. for the reading of your word, Lord, your ministry, God. May you speak, Lord, through these lips, Lord. May we hear, God, what you would have for us to hear today. May you draw us closer to you by it, Lord, when we commit it into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4, we're going to begin reading with verse 10. He that descended is also the same uh the same also ascended far up above all heavens that he might fill all things. He gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Now again, as we said, I want to start on uh evangelism or evangelists today. Amen. And um get to the the third part because like I said, we said before, we're just kind of try to follow the pattern that was given here in the 11th verse where said apostles, prophets, and evangelists. So now we get the third of the five-fold ministry, the third part uh of this ministry, which is evangelism. Anybody remember uh which one of these five-fold is the evangelist? You can just hold it up if you remember. You don't have to say it out loud, but if you remember which one the evang is the evangelist. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's that's the evangelist right there. I know none of us seem to participate very well when we have you participate. So, but evangelist, that's the evangelist. Amen. Remember the prophet. Amen. And the apostle, the teacher, and the evangelist. and the pastor. Amen. That's how brother That's how brother I' i've seen it online before on Facebook and it's wrong. When I've seen it on Facebook, it's been wrong. And by message believers, but I'm telling you what brother Green told me, brother Brandham told him. So, I'll take that. Uh, amen. Uh, so just remember that is the prophet, thus sayeth the Lord. Uh, the apostle, the first one that goes in, Amen, is the apostle. the uh the teacher is the one who can't move unless the others move. Remember this teacher, he's got to have the others go in. The apostle was set it up in the evangelist uh to bring conviction. Uh that teacher can't move unless the others come in there. But when the others are involved, the teacher can move freely. Amen. Remember the pastor, the evangelist, of course, he can go and do whatever, you know, he's just free to do and go about and be led by whatever the Lord wants to lead him to. and the pastor brings them all together to give a weapon to be to fight the enemy with. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I want to go over now uh to uh Acts Acts chapter uh 8 and we want to begin our reading there. But I want to look at evangelism just for a little bit. Evangelism has always been, but it wasn't as we would say as prevalent necessarily um uh until the 20th century. When the 20th century rolled over, of course, when uh well, even before that, but uh as the as the 20th century rolled over, it became more and more prevalent. Uh as you noticed uh we went from a missionary age, remember the Philadelphia age was the missionary age. You remember that uh apostles a missionary age apostle is a missionary. That missionary age was the Philadelphia age the the age of the open door and they came across into North America and started establishing North America. The the Europeans did uh the Native Americans were here of course and Spanish were here and all such into Central America and South America. But as Europeans started coming over, uh they came they came over to try to uh find a new place to to live, a new place to worship, a place they can go that they could have freedom of worship. That they weren't oppressed by the government. They weren't pressed down by the government to be forced to worship how they wanted them to because remember they had just shortly before that come through the dark ages where if they didn't do it the way they told them they did it, they would do it. Then they killed them. They martyed him in in all kind of different ways. If you ever read the Fox book of martyrs, uh all all the ways that they killed him and and martyed him for not worshiping, not worshiping what the government said they should and and of course because we had church and state together with the government and the Catholic Church were joined together at the hip. So they were one together. uh that that that beast that was there uh that was joined together, they were one so that they could enforce. So the the church, yeah, it was a part of the enforcement, but remember the [snorts] church kind of stayed uh back a little bit. Uh they they cling to it, but they they let the they let the government kind of like when Jesus was crucified, the Jews were there screaming and yelling, "Crucify him! Crucify him!" But they turned him over to the government to be to actually for punishment. Amen. They didn't actually say they didn't do it. They they're the ones that put him there. But they relied on the government. Amen. They called on the Roman government. They took Jesus to uh uh to Pilate. Amen. To to be to be sentenced and to be and to be crucified. They didn't do it. Amen. You notice the same in the Catholic Church. uh uh they would they would be instrumental in that. But remember it was the government that was the ones that that would exercise that punishment a lot. So they would bring that judgment down and would be exercised on the people and then the people would be martyed and killed in all kinds of ways and uh then it became so rampant that people would just come off the streets uh Catholic and call somebody a heretic and just burn them at the stake uh and and things like that. And uh we saw that even when it came over here in the uh in Salem, Massachusetts and uh the the Salem witch trials and all that happened up there did the same thing up there. Amen. People just come and they considered somebody a witch, so they just deemed them a witch and they threw them and uh burn them at the stake or whatever they would do, they they would kill them. Amen. And so when they come here for freedom, once they started establishing this uh this colonist country uh European uh settlement, when the European settlement started to settle, then then there was uh there was more evangelism that went on. Amen. It was just uh it wasn't necessarily going overseas or establishing anything new. They had once they got all the apost the apostilizing done and churches started getting set up uh the the evangelist started breaking out more and more going around evangelizing to those churches that had been established evangelizing to those people that needed to hear the word. Now remember as we said before an evangelist isn't someone that uh that uh that necessarily uh preaches doctrine. It's it's not an evangelist calling to teach doctrine to a congregation. It's not an evangelist position to come in off the uh off the street or from another church to come into a to a church as a visiting minister evangelist uh and try to teach that congregation doctrine. It It's not an evangelist's position to do that. Amen. He's he he he he preaches uh hellfire and brimstone. He preaches uh to bring conviction and uh uh uh something that would stir the people. See, he he he brings people uh an evangelist is to preach in to preach people into repentance uh conviction and repentance. That's that's a lot of what an evangelist does more so you say than u any word can do it any any preaching of a word can do it but that's more of an evangelist call an evangelist call when he ministers uh his ministry is to be uh just to lay the hide open on the people uh to to bring a like I said a hellfire and brimstone as they used to say message to people to bring conviction to bring repentance to bring people to a place that they uh would surrender their lives to God more so that that convictive um uh ministry. See, a teacher is just supposed to teach people and a pastor supposed to help uh help with the people, which we'll get to uh that in a couple weeks uh down the road. But it's is so you see the uniqueness of each one of these uh uh uh callings the uniqueness of each one of these positions that that different people that's why God calls different people for different reasons. That's why brother Random talks about that uh you know if the Lord's called you to a position you stay that way. I think we read that quote maybe last week or uh before we left uh to stay in that position. God's called you to a position for a reason, for a purpose. Uh and and that that man's going to have that nature. He's going to have that uh ability. He's going to have that in him to bring and to do. See, uh it it's not in everybody to bring like a fiery evangelistic message. It it's not in everybody to be able to to stand week after week and pastor a group of people. It's not in everybody to come and to teach and to try to bring uh a more greater deeper understanding maybe of the scripture to teach like a teacher would do or to or to bring it like a prophet or see they're all that that's why they're all separate and different the way they are the way the evangelist uh and each one that God has called is. Amen. So as we came more over in this country uh from from missionary apostle work into evangelism because once the and that's uh from what I see is more or less what is going on around the world now not just in our country but as this message has spread around the world uh dares I say according to the scripture to the four corners of the earth. Amen. uh uh Matthew 24, I believe it says when uh uh you'll hear wars and rumors of wars and all these things happen and but yet the the end is not yet. Amen. Isn't that what it says? But then it says uh but then all these other things will begin to unfold but at the end Jesus said he said when this the gospel has been preached in all the earth to every creature then the end will come. And saints, I can't help but believe that we're at that point right now. &gt;&gt; If we believe that we're at the end and we believe we're truly at the end of the end, then we've got to realize that we're to that place. See, um we got our precious brother Null and Sister Shirley going over to uh to uh India in the next this coming week and um uh they're going over to do apostle work. But the apostle work really uh there and where they go is mostly done. Uh they've got those churches established. They've got those works established. In fact, some of those works already have people coming out of them to start other works. And see that's what an apostle, remember we talked about apostle, that's what he does. There's already a lot of those works has had works come off of those works and then works off of those works. So now they've got to the place that um most of what goes on outside of some people that still go over there like brother Nolan, they they more or less what they try to do now is to help them with uh what they have in their country so far as uh do you need uh fresh water? Do you need a a a place to worship? Do you do you uh a church building? Or did did a storm come tear your roof off or something? That's that's kind of more or less an apostles's work that they're doing now. Uh a deacon does that inside the church. But sometimes it takes uh someone from overseas or someone that maybe is a little more uh able to help than themselves to come and do that. And brother the church that brother Nol and sister Shirley go to, they are steeped in that. They've been known for that uh around the around the country for being that church. They have a meeting every August, a missionary meeting. And uh the purpose is that they the all that they do to raise finances for that. All that money goes over to help those that are overseas that are less fortunate that can't help for themselves. Amen. So that's what uh that's what Nolan Shirley will do. Now that that process has become a lot easier now because you don't have to take dollar and hand to go hand to them to fix a roof on their church. You just push a button on a phone or a computer and the money's in their account in a matter of a second uh or seconds or I've never done one overseas but u I know when someone has zelled me money into my account it's like it's in there within seconds. So uh a lot of that just kind of seems to not it isn't fulfilling the same capacity as it used to. So now even there they've got brothers that are going out and they're ministering. They're evangelizing. Amen. At other churches, other places where they get invited, they're evangelizing. They're evangelizing in other countries all over the world. It's gotten to the place that that's it. It's it's so saturated. I mean, my goodness, we've got what, a dozen churches in this little town of Tucson, Arizona. There's a dozen message churches or so now, something like that. Used to be more than that, but I think there's like 12. uh and you think, well then then we should have enough here that's been established uh that others could go and uh evangelize and minister around and uh unfortunately in Tucson that doesn't happen. Uh I don't know of it anyway. I don't know usually the the meetings that I hear of which is very seldom. Nobody really ever talks to me anymore but but God and that's who I care about the most. The Lord continues to talk to me. But um uh from what I hear, uh they're they're getting people from overseas or or from other parts of the country that to come in and minister. Not not another evangelist from in town. Amen. I I don't know of any. We don't have any. They just just it's just hard to find them. And then the some that may exist may either just not want to come or I don't trust them to come. uh because of what I know is preached. So uh you got to be very careful. So a lot of the ministers and practically all the ministers we have here are from around the country too. I don't know why shouldn't be that way. There should be evangelist ministers. We don't have any here to send out but there's evangelists all over the place to go and evangelize to continue to get people stirred up. Now, I think a lot of the evangelism uh that used to be to bring people again under conviction and repentance um has has waned itself into the position to where a lot of people now uh are are just established people that uh that are just look for a rededication. Uh I I every once in a while I see uh churches we've had maybe here but other places where uh someone from off the street or someone who knew nothing about it or someone who heard from somebody about the message or something and came to a church uh and and come to the Lord and get saved and filled with the Holy Ghost and baptized and that that just doesn't happen that much anymore. Not in this country. It just it it's just not prevalent anymore. Um we have a lot of places where uh uh a lot of the established people receive u evangelism but we all still need evangelism. We all still need to be evangelized uh because in fact we all we still all need the five-fold ministry I believe because brother Brandham said you know it it should continue on until the coming of the Lord. So, uh, we're just waiting at that time, expecting the Lord to do that at any time. But that's what the evangelism part of it. A lot of these a lot of these gifts have have, uh, don't fulfill the same capacity or or accomplish the same positions as they used to. Amen. And uh it's just a progression of time as we're getting to this end, as we're coming to the place to end this. Uh you know, if if we're looking for if we're looking for the coming of the let's just say hypothetically, we're looking for well, this is not hypothetical. We are looking for the coming of the Lord this next week. If we're looking for the coming of the Lord this next week, today, tomorrow, this next week, if we're looking for the coming of the Lord and really believe that he's going to be coming any time now, do we really believe that? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; If we really believe that, then what then where do we think we're we are? &gt;&gt; If if the Lord's coming tomorrow, he's not looking to establish another church in China today. &gt;&gt; What would be the point? you got 12 hours and that might be one person there or something that needs God will just God will send somebody to move on that person or to talk to that person or what if it's just one person there or something like that. If if we truly believe he's coming uh uh soon in the if we believe he's coming tomorrow, uh what would be the point of of of doing the things that we've known of all these years as far as missionary work and evangelism work and a a lot of the things that we trust and we know how they have operated all these years. They don't they don't exactly operate the same way anymore. Amen. Now, I enjoy having another minister come in. I I I I love I to have another evangelist or something come and and minister that gospel and to to set the place on fire. And um I remember when when we first got this place, Brother Benny Perry was here. Uh a black brother from South Carolina. I think they come to the ministers meeting or something like that. And he I invited him. He came down and spoke for us on a Wednesday night. And uh he it was just it was like an evangelism service. And it it was great. We enjoyed it. you know, u a lot of times you think, I I wish we have more of those. U but it's like it's like being in the desert. In the desert, you look out and you say, "Oh man, it's beautiful to look at the rain. It's falling. I love it, man. The rain is just so beautiful." But when you're in Seattle, you look at it and say, "Oh my gosh, it's raining again." Or if you're in you're in a place it rains all the time, say, "Can we just have a minute or two of sunshine, please?" Amen. It's the [snorts] same way. Amen. If all you get is if all you get is continuing evangelism, you'd be like, "Can the sun come out some sometime, please? Uh, I need some teaching. I need some pastoring. I need Amen." And that the point of the five-fold ministry. Amen. which brings me to the understanding that uh you all would probably get sick of me, which I fully understand, but trust me, we we I try by the grace of God to have everybody that the Lord puts in our path to come and and minister for us that I trust, that I know preaches the truth, that preaches the word. Amen. So, let me read this quote to you as we continue on. I want to get over to Acts now. Look at some scriptural examples. As the church was birthed, it birthed forth uh as we saw in apostles, as we saw in prophets, we'll see in evangelism. It birthed forth. Amen. But look what brother Ram said. He said, "Now God doesn't God God doesn't call a man to judge without first warning him. [clears throat] The evangelist is a special man. He's a man that's burning like a fireball. He runs into a city and preaches his me message and then gets out and goes somewhere else. He comes in, lights a place on fire and hits the road. An evangelist. That's what brother Brandham called it. A special man, which if you go look at this, he calls every office a special man, a special calling, a special person. But you see how he identifies an evangelist. A fireball runs into a church, sets the church on fire, and hits the road. Amen. Hides, skins him alive, and then hits the road. And then it's up to the then the pastor comes and helps and smooths things over. And you see kind of that situation in brother Brandham's ministry. Like we said before, I believe he fulfilled all the positions, but every one of them as a word prophet. But you see, he can do that in one service. &gt;&gt; It's not a calling of evangelists to do that. Brother Brand, you remember the Bible said or the uh brother Bram said, I think I actually got it in a quote here. He talks about um that the Lord told him to be an to do the work of an evangelist. Didn't call him an evangelist, but did the work of an evangelist. And that's what he did. But then when it come to the end, you know, then he would do the smoothing over and put take the bomb and smooth things over and Amen. You you feel like, how can I have been so filleted and feel so good? How could I have been skinned alive through this message and feel so good at the end? It's a gift. It's just a gift of God. It's a calling that God put in there to be able to do that. See, but he but an evangelist, he doesn't do that. He just comes, skins him alive and leaves. Amen. That's amen. What it's to bring him under conviction to bring him to a place of repentance. Amen. That's what that's uh that's the main job of an evangelist in the world falling apart. He said evangelism evangelism is a net that goes forth. Jesus said cast into the sea. And when he brought forth it and brought forth the net, it had turtles, terrapens, snakes, frogs, and everything else in it. But remember, they was that from the start. But there were fish. He says there were fish in there, too. Amen. But the evangelism, it isn't his job to figure out who's fish. As he continues on, he said, "But remember, there was that from the start. There was fish in there, too. But it's just our business, he says, to sane. You know what sing is? Anybody know what sainting is? Singing is when you uh basically when you take uh two poles or something and put a net between them. Uh you can do it by yourself. You can do it between like two boats. Uh, and I've I've sained a creek before when you take two sticks and you uh you tie a net to the sticks and and you just take that net and you go through and you go through the creek and you just start keeping your net in the water and you just jab corners and you move and you get little spaces where you think fish are hiding and you try to poke those and the fish turns and runs into the net. you build a net up, you got fish or crawad or salamander or whatever it is. But that's what sing is. You can do it between boats. You take take a stick and a big net and you can go on a boat and just sane right through. Uh a lot of times that's what they do for like shrimp and stuff. You've seen a big shrimp boat with a net on it. They'll put that net down and they'll troll on the sides and they'll troll along and they'll just skip up scoop skim up whatever they get and they pull it up and there they are. That's s. So if you know when he talks about casting the net, when he says sane, that's what he's talking about. Not common sense or not being insane, but saining is just going for fish. And you get all kinds of things. Amen. Especially if you're like in the ocean or somewhere, you get a license plate or a a a bottle or there's no telling what you might get. But what the point is, it's just a the it's just the ministry's business to sing. It's God's business to say whether they are a fish or not. And that's God's business. It's not our business to say someone's a fish or a croad or a salamander or a a crocodile or a turtle or It's not our business to say that's God's business. God's business determines whether they are a sheep or a goat. Amen. whether they're a turtle or a fish. It's God's that's God's business. God's business to say who is a fish or not. Amen. Why wouldn't them? He said if they uh if they was taken just as far into the kingdom of God, them 30,000 as Paul's one, he would have come back. He talked about uh he's talking about uh Billy Graham and getting 30,000 to come at one time. And uh he come back and can't find one convert. And he said Paul would make one and come back and got 30,000. Got 30,000 converts from the one and the other couldn't find one from the 30,000. So that's what brother Bam's talking about in evangelism. And one of the most popular famous evangelists that we know of is Billy Graham in this country. In this country probably around the world even. I I know he's known around the world. Billy Graham is one of the greatest well-known evangelists even though many people have called him uh the pastor to our nation. See now now again a misunderstanding. He's either a pastor or he's an evangelist. To me, you're not both. In fact, I can show you where brother Brandham said not to do both. You he's a pastor evangelist. But see, that's just people don't understand that. But the man was an evangelist to his bone. He was an evangelist. He did everything to evangelize. Amen. To bring people under conviction and repentance. And I've been I went to Billy Graham meetings and I know and he's he held to that word. He preached the word, saints. He preached it as far and as much as he possibly could. Amen. To the point that he even riled up trinitarians by calling Jesus the almighty God. Trinitarians got mad at him for saying that he was the almighty God. And Billy Graham said, "I didn't say it. THAT'S WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS." But of course, then they still held on to their trinitarianism. But they came against him for preaching that. But the man preached the word. I we went to some of his meetings. I went with a friend of mine in North Carolina and I went with some brothers from our church. I went to two or three meetings of his in North Carolina and uh I tell you what, he laid right on that truth. He laid right on that word. Now, let's go to Acts. As I had you turn a minute ago, Acts chapter 8 and let's look at an evangelist. In Acts chapter 6, it had come to the people's attention that um the the disciples attention that the the people were being neglected. They specifically mentioned in the scripture widows, but the people were being neglected in the daily ministration. This is before this is when uh society used to work properly. This is before everybody became fully dependent on the government for their good for for their welfare. Uh people used to have a church and people that came to that church that church took care of those people. You had deacons and trustees and you had people that looked out of the welfare and the daily ministration and things like that. If they didn't go to the government, they went to the church. When [snorts] they saw that the as it says in the sixth chapter that the widows were being neglected, they didn't go to the government to say, "Hey, why don't you give our widows some money?" No, they went to the church cuz that's the way it's supposed to be. That's the way it's still supposed to be. But it's not and not going to be that way. Not in this cosmos anyway. uh but everybody we all become it's all all the dependencies on the government now everybody depends on everything the government's gives money so as this neglect was taking place they said we don't have time to do all this and to give ourselves to the word so find you some men and they found some men and he laid hands on them and sent them forth to do the administration deacon uh evangelism uh Stephen was one of them you know Stephen very well Steven was a man full of the Holy Ghost and m miracles and wonders done and they stoned him to death. Saul who became Paul was there consenting holding the coats of those that were throwing the stones that had him killed. They took they took Steven off and buried him. Amen. But another man that was picked at the exact same time's name was Philillip. And Philip was also a man of the Holy Ghost, a man of great works and miracles that happened in his life. Let's look at chapter eight uh excuse me eight look [clears throat] here after Stephen's death pe then Philip fifth verse now then Philillip went down to the city of Samaria and preached Christ unto them preached Christ and the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake hearing the preaching of the word and seeing the miracles which he did. Amen. Now, Philillip, a man of the Holy Ghost, had hands laid on him, a deacon, an evangelist going forth because here he's considered an evangelist going around uh ministering to the churches. He goes around and they hear the word and they fall in repentance. They come to a place of repentance, hearing the word and seeing miracles. For unclean spirits crying with loud voice came out of many that were possessed with them. And many taken with Pauly and that were lame were healed. And there were uh there was great joy in that city. But there was a certain man called Simon, which before time in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was a great one, to whom they all gave heed from the least to the greatest, saying, "This man is a great power of God." misconstring the difference between the ministering of God and the ministry of sorcery demand de demonic. Amen. The people confusing the two, conflating the two. Amen. Thinking and calling him a great man of God when all he did was was u uh convinced him by sorcery. Look at this now. And to him they had regard because that of a long time he had bewitched them with sorceries. But when they believed Philillip's preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God in the name of Jesus Christ, THEY WERE BAPTIZED BOTH men and women. Praise the Lord. Why? Because they heard his preaching. Amen. Yes, miracles were done and that miracles do draw people. But it's the preaching that brings people to repentance. Miracles don't bring people to repentance. It brings people to you know to amazement and want to be a part of a group. But if you want you want to tr see a true repentance it came by the word. Amen. And as he brought the word they came to repentance and were baptized both men men and women. And we'll see how they were baptized. Then Simon himself beloved uh believed also. And when he was baptized, he continued with Philip and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs that were done. Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John. Now they're sending Peter and John up there to establish after Philip had been there. And when they were come down, prayed with them, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For as yet he, the Holy Ghost, was fallen upon none of them. Only they were baptized how? In the name of the Lord Jesus. Not in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. But they were baptized after having come out from the upper room being filled with the HOLY GHOST. THEY WERE ALL BAPTIZED IN the name of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; PRAISE GOD. AND BECAUSE THEY WERE BAPTIZED in the name of the Lord Jesus, they laid their hands on them and they received the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. That's how it's done. That's the scriptural way. No matter what a denomination tells you, no matter what some of preacher, somebody else might say, that's the scriptural prescription of how a person receives the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then they receive the Holy Ghost. But look at this. Phillip now. Philillip let's go down to the 26th verse. Now a little dust up happens with Simon and all his sorcery and thing and Philip had to set him straight. In fact, Philip the evangelist, Philip told him said your sorceries die with you. Um he was pretty straight blunt [snorts] although Simon came out and said pray for me. I don't want to be like this. Pray for me. So but now Philillip this great evangelist now what's he doing? And the angel of the Lord and the angel of the Lord to one of the most great things happened scripturally. Look at this. And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philillip saying, "Arise and go towards the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gazel, which is desert. And he arose and went, and behold, a man of Ethiopia, a unic of a great authority under Candace, queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship, was returning and sitting in his chariot, read Isaiah the prophet, when the spirit said unto Philip, then the spirit said unto Philip, go near and join thyself to this chariot. Praise the Lord. Now, kind of kind of reminds me of of Brother Brandham and the plane going down and telling him to walk and coming and this uh little black lady with her son sick in the in the house. Uh God just landed the plane and told him to walk. Didn't tell him where. They said go here. He just went not knowing where he's why. Why, Lord? We always want to know why. Why am I doing this? And you don't need to know why. Just do what I tell you. Amen. You know, God loves obedience. Amen. Obedience is better than sacrifice. [snorts] But this unic was reading in Isaiah. Now, look at how God brings things together. And Philip ran thither to him and heard him read the prophet Isaiah and said, "Understandest thou what thou readest?" As he's reading Isaiah. Now, why out of all the Old Testament, out of all the Torah, why was this unic reading that scripture? because that's the scripture he need to be reading. When Philillip came up to him to explain to him and help him understand this is how listen now 31st verse and he said how can I except some man should guide me and he desired Philillip that he would come and sit with him the place of the scripture which he read was this he was led as a sheep to the slaughter and like a lamb dumb before the shear so open he not his mouth obviously we know talking about Jesus out of all the scripture he was reading that for Philip to come and get him. Amen. What an opening, saints. Like I said before, if the Lord has you witness to somebody, you don't have to tear doors down and rip things apart and try to make a new hole somewhere or use dynamite. God will allow the door to be there. He'll allow the door to be open. God will make a way. Amen. God will allow it to happen the way it happens to bring it to his conclusion. to God's conclusion to God's end in 33 ver 33rd 33rd verse in his um humiliation his judgment was taken away and who shall declare his generation for his life is taken from the earth and the unic answered Philip and said I pray thee of whom speaketh the prophet this of himself or of some other man what opening what better opening to have to try to talk to someone about Jesus amen then Philip opened his mouth and began at the same scripture and preached unto him Jesus. And as he went on their way, they came unto a certain water. And the unic said, see here is the water, what doth hinder me to be baptized? And Philip said, if thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest? And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God. And he commanded the chariot to stand still. They both went down both into the water, both Philip and the unic, and he baptized him. And when they were come up out of the water, the spirit of the Lord caught away Philillip that the unic saw him no more, and he went on his way rejoicing. But Philip was founded as as Zotus, and passing through he preached in all the cities till he came to Cesaria. Amen. One of the great miracles of the Bible. Philip comes the miracle of sending Philip to the right place at the right time to talk to this unit when this unic was reading the exact really the exact scripture that was the perfect segway for him to come in and start talking to him about Jesus and preaching to him about Jesus and the word again the word is what brought revelation and when revelation hit the man's heart he said can I be baptized he said if you believe with all your HEART HE SAID I believe &gt;&gt; then what hinders ers, you stop this chariot. Let's go get baptized. He stopped that chariot, went down and got baptized. And then God, when Philip's work there with the unic was done, GOD DONE, GOD TOOK PHILILLIP AND PUT HIM IN SOME other place. &gt;&gt; Oh, we don't have time for you to take a plane this time, Philip. We don't have time for you to take a chariot. We don't have time for you to even walk or run. I'm just going to transport you. I'm just going to take you from here to there. Amen. Oh. You talk about a miracle, saints. You imagine what the unic probably thought when he's sitting there and Philip baptized him and he comes up and then Philip all of a sudden's gone. &gt;&gt; No wonder the unic went away rejoicing. He knew that he found something real. &gt;&gt; He knew that he found something that was right. Praise the Lord when he saw that happen. And then Philip just goes and Philip just shows up in Esdice and he just starts preaching just like nothing happened or at least it doesn't look that way. He just starts preaching and just keeps preaching. He evangelizes and goes from city to city till he gets to Cesaria. Amen. Just doing the work of the Lord. Just doing what the Lord gave to him to do. Just continuing to preach that word. Bringing souls to Calvary. Bringing souls to Christ. And this unit went off rejoicing, glad, happy, thankful because he had received what he had been looking for. Amen. And it's that simple. It's not had to be made to some uh great thing that people make it out of. It's just that simple. Amen. And then and then you move on. It's done. It's over. God God did what he wanted to do right then and there. And God took care of it. God put Paul and Silas in their most prison one time just to save a jailer and his family. My mind. I mean, what the things what God will turn the world completely upside down to save one of his lost. Amen. God will do whatever has to be done. He'll use whoever he has to use to bring one of his lost back to him. Just one. It's all it takes. I mean, just think if you you were a a mother or father or something and and your child got lost. What would you do to go find them? What if they just disappeared? What would you do to go find them? You turn over, you'd turn over every rock. You'd go to every news station. You'd get into every newspaper, every uh uh uh social media. You'd do everything you could possibly do to try to find that child. I would. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's exactly what God does. And then greater when you realize it's in the spiritual realm, God will do anything to bring one of his childs and doing Philillip this. Praise the Lord. And now and then and then Philip just goes on and preaching. Philip just goes from there and just keeps preaching. Amen. Remember the uh what he what he told to Timothy. He said, "Be instant, in season, out of season." Amen. Do the work of evangelist. There'll come a time when they'll not endure sound doctrine. That's what the Bible says. [snorts] They won't endure sound doctrine. Friend, if we're expecting the Lord to come any time now, do you think we're there yet? I personally do. I think we've got to the place that you talk to people all the time till you're blue in the face. They don't want to hear you. They don't want to hear it. It means nothing to them. Uh they're happy with their life. There's no conviction. Amen. No conviction. Let's just let me read this. I got a couple more quotes I want to read. Spiritual food in due season. Now, I haven't had a prayer line for this in like this in a long, long time. How many remembers my commission when we built the tabernacle here? He said, "Do the work of an evangelist." Didn't say I was an evangelist. Said do the work of an evangelist. See, for an hour will come. That's been uh that that has to be changed. the hours arriving. I say the hours here. You can't mix, brother says you can't mix two or three different ministries together. Pastor, evangelist, same time. You can't do it. Amen. Says if you're evangelist, stay evangelist. Pastor stay pastor. Amen. Uh in conferences, he said we're uh we're as Sodom and Gabbar living in that. Let the righteous spirit in us. These six uh these sins vex our soul daily. I'd like to talk about Sodom and tomorrow. As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be today. Amen. I've got something on my heart I want to bring sometime. Amen. We get done with this. Amen. As it was vex our soul. Let the sin of the world, the fashions of Hollywood, all this Hollywood evangelism and nonsense, as brother Bram calls it, nonsense. All this make up and beat the music and jump up and down. The music stops and down you go. When a man is washed in the blood of the lamb, he don't need music or nothing else. THE POWER OF GOD JUST WORKS upon him and he can shout, scream, praise God, do anything else, whether there's music or not. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Doesn't need emotionalism. Doesn't need it to be worked up. But look, as he said, as it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man, the day that we're living. Amen. He said, "Now, brother said, now there's one. There's three." Let's see if I find this here. Amen. [clears throat] This is the works his faith expressed. Now, you take Luke 17:30. Read it. Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." Just like it was at Sodom. Now, look at the position of the world today. Now, this was 60 years ago, saints. 60 years and two months ago because it's November 1965. 60 years ago he said look at the world today. So I'm going to say the same thing here 60 years later. Look at the world today. Sodommites look at Billy Graham or Roberts. We can't even look at them anymore. They're both passed on. But Brother Brham says look at them. Them two witnesses. Brother Graham's talking about the time that the three angels came as Sodom and Gomorrah. They came to Abraham first and one angel which brother Graham talks about was God. One angel stay with Abraham and talked with Abraham while the other two went down. Where did the other two go? The other two went to minister to the world to minister to the cosmos to min to minister to the sodomites. Now, brother Random says, "Now look at Billy Graham and or Roberts. Them two witnesses down there witnessing to those denominational churches. One to Methodists and Baptists and Presbyterians and the others to the Pentecostals." Brother Rand was liking the scripture to recognize everyone gets their chance. They all had their ministry. They all had their opportunity. God stayed BACK WITH THE PROPHET. The other two went down and ministered to those that were in Sodom. What happened? He warned them, tell them, "Get out now while you can. Get out while there's opportunity." And look at what's happening today. Amen. Look what's going on. I said, in this country, especially in this country AND THIS REVIVAL that's happening of all these people starting to come and becoming more religious, if you will, becoming more spiritual, if you will. Amen. I I' I've had so many people tell me, "I didn't know you were so religious." I said, "I'm not. Religion makes me sick to my stomach. Religion is nothing but a covering. I'm a Christian. I'm a Holy Ghost fil son of God. Not I'm not religious. You can you can take religion and go to hell with it &gt;&gt; because religion is nothing but a covering that people do their rituals and their things and think that they're okay. Look at this demonic thing that Satan's trying to do to the kids today. I didn't ever even know anything about it till me and uh Tath and Zach and the kids, we all went and Sonia went to the light parade and these kids are coming through the parade and they're doing this thing. I don't even want to do it. Especially here and whatever it means. They're doing that like they're juggling or something and they start screaming out 6767 like what in the world are these kids talking about? I had no idea what it was. Never heard of it. Maybe you've never heard of it. I don't know. That's the first time I'd ever heard of it. But it's some big popular thing, especially among young kids where this rapper come up with these lyrics or something and and it's six seven and nobody even knows the exact definition or reason for it. But when it goes on, they start doing that motion. And I've seen videos. Uh Doug, the guy I work with, he showed me a video and and and this rapper, they're they're they're carrying on with this 67 stuff and those kids are just worked into a brainless frenzy. I I'm I don't usually advise looking at something, but if you want to see something, you want to see hell on earth right now, go watch that stuff. Those kids get worked up in their brains. They get worked up in the spirit. They start screaming and yelling and carrying on and doing that motion. It's it's demonic, saints. It came from a demonic source. Don't ever let your children do something like your grandchildren or your or friends or families. That stuff IS A DEVIL. I'VE SEEN IT. I I've witnessed that. What it does to those kids, it it just it they go outside their minds. Has anybody ever heard of it? I it just I couldn't believe it. I I'd never heard of it. I didn't know what it was. We had to ask Joel. Joel didn't really know exactly what it was. Thank God that Tabitha pretty much shields them from the world. But um they didn't really he kind of tried to explain it, but it was after uh I went to work the next week. U it came up for some reason while we was having lunch and Doug was trying to explain it to me. He's like 36 so [clears throat] he's a little younger. was trying to explain it worldly note the rap stuff and all that and he tried to explain it and he showed me a video I said that's a devil I looked at him I said that is demonic don't you ever let do that or let somebody that's the devil getting hyped up in that it's just demonic saints and and it's it is sweeping across I it's hard to believe how prevalent it really is but my warning don't ever get involved in that. That that's the devil, saints. That's the devil. But look, let me close here. Sorry my tangent, but it's the truth. Anyway, but I want you to see something. What brother Random said about Billy about Billy Graham. A lot of people try to put Billy Graham said this, that, and the other, and you know, he was only this, could only do that. You know, we can only do what God has for us to do. &gt;&gt; We can only be who God wants us to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. In whatever position it is and whatever God calls us to do. But look what brother Brandham said about Billy Graham in the 10 virgins, 144,000 Jews. He [snorts] said, "We got a uh these great ministers that's covering that world out there and an evangelist." He is an evangelist. Uh covering that world out there after Billy Look what brother look what this is a quote. I'm reading this. After Billy Graham received the Holy Ghost, he could not come into here. Brother Graham was talking about after he received the Holy Ghost, he couldn't come into this message because his field is out there the world. God sent him down there for a purpose, for a reason. So, you see what he's saying? when he received the Holy Ghost, he couldn't come into this because his field's out there and he recognized it. He recognized THAT AND GOD IS HOLDING him there. Think about that and see what God a lot of people say, well, you know, he's this, that, and the other. No, God, look, God's in control of this, friend. &gt;&gt; Amen. God's in control of what he's doing. God's in control of who he's who he has. Amen. And God put them there for a reason. And God allows this to happen for a reason. He allows them to be where they were for a reason. People I've even heard people talk about putting him in in hell. How dare you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I don't watch his ministry. His ministry doesn't feed me. I don't have a problem with it, but I don't I don't spend time listening to Billy Graham because his me his word, his message doesn't feed me. Amen. This message feeds me. &gt;&gt; This is bride food. Amen. But he knew his place and he stayed there. He said because that was his mission. You know, I close with this. You know, we went to Billy Graham's library in Charlotte, North Carolina where I was born. We went and visited there and uh I think it was me and Ma. You've never been, have you? It was just me and Micah. We went and um uh we we watched we watched a video and it showed and it was just everything in there was it was just all about Billy Graham. Billy Graham, Billy Graham, Billy Graham, Billy Graham. It was Billy Graham's library. So, Billy Graham and then I saw uh you know all his meetings and all this stuff. Then I saw where they dedicated the library and he was there and Bill Clinton was there and George Bush was there and and I I forgot who all but but I mean great I mean well-known popular I say great men but you know uh of of statue were there and Billy Graham finally got up after all these people praising him and talking about him and putting him up how great a man and Billy Graham served his purpose. Absolutely. Billy Graham got up to the podium and he said, "I've been through this library." I'm paraphrasing. I've been through this library and I've only got one disagreement with it. He said, "There's too much Billy Graham and not enough Jesus Christ." And I thought, if a man like that in that position could make that statement in front of all those people, that that sealed it for me. &gt;&gt; Amen. He didn't get up and start talking all these other. He said, "I've got one problem. There's too much Billy Graham and not enough Jesus Christ here." Oh, what a man. &gt;&gt; God bless him. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's a true evangelist. Amen. Stayed the course, did his job. Amen. And then you can say like Paul, ready to be offered up. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if we could. I had a couple more scriptures, but we'll just forego that for now. Um, we brought them into the message anyway into our uh ministry, into that understanding of evangelism and what that evangelism does for us and our desire uh here on this earth. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus 493 in the book. You want to turn there. I want to live the way he wants me to live. &gt;&gt; So, well, let this be as we're before we get dismissed here today, let that be our anthem. Amen. Let this be what rings through our hearts in this next year, however long the Lord will carry. Amen. Let this be ring through our hearts and our lives. We sing it now. [clears throat] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give [singing] until there's just no more to give. I want to love. Love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. [singing] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give [singing] until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. Oh, can we sing it this way one time now? I'm going to live [singing] the way Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give [singing] until there's just no [singing] more to give. I'm going to love till [singing] there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let that be our testimony. Let that be our desire. Let that be our life. Amen. However much time we've got left. Amen. Let that be what comes from our heart, from our lives. I want to live, I'm going to live the way Jesus wants me to live. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord today. Amen. We'll be dismissed. Happy new year again. Welcome to a new year 2026. We'll see what the Lord has in store for this year. Amen. But all we have regardless of what we serve him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Live for him. Praise the Lord Jesus. So God richly bless you. Remember all the prayer requests, all the things that were mentioned. Amen. We just trust the Lord moves on our lives, moves on our hearts. Amen. And let it be, Amen. to us according to his perfect will. Amen. So God richly bless you then. Amen. We'll be dismissed today. You want to have anything before we go. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now let's just bow our heads. Amen. As we have another word of prayer with our Lord Jesus. Lord, so thankful father again for this service today. Thankful father of your hand upon our lives. You leading, guiding, and directing us. Thank you, Lord, for your word, Father, in speaking to us from that word and letting us see in here what you'd have us to know, God, that it'd be a blessing and a strength and a help to us in our lives, God. Lord, we know that we are a a people that are searching, Lord, continually for your perfect will in all of our lives. lead us, guide us, direct us, help us, use us, strengthen us, bless us, and be with us as we go our separate ways. Now we commit ourselves to you. May you continue to move upon the prayer request, the needs that were made known, every circumstance and situation, we're believing for you, Father, complete deliverance and healing and blessing. Grant it to us now. Commit it all to you and ask your blessings on these people. Bless us through the week, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. Be dismissed.
