################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1112026 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1/11/2026
Speaker:  
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pflBKplfUts
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 1/11/2026
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[clears throat] Amen. Praise the Lord, saints. God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Good to see each and everyone here today. Amen. Thank the Lord has seen us through another beautiful week to be here again today. And so thankful for his goodness and mercy. Amen. Let's just stand to our feet if we could. And we'll just go to the Lord in prayer. Ask the Lord to bless our service with us today. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Father, so very thankful again for another beautiful day that you've given us. Thank you for your grace and your mercy, Lord, for loving us so much, God, that you gave your only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, Lord, but have everlasting life, Lord. That's the life that we have. That's the life that we're looking to, God, believing in, Father. that because you have shone upon our lives, Lord. That God, we have that eternal life that's living within us even now in the representation of the Holy Spirit. Thank you, Father, for this day. Thank you for this place, this time to come in from out of the world, Lord, and just learn of you. Pray that God we would just come in with a heart full of joy, full of worship, Lord, to create an atmosphere in this place today that you would be thankful. You would be happy to be a part of this a part of this atmosphere and here God to come and feel welcomed Lord to stay and just bless this service in a mighty way. This is your house Lord. We've come in your house to worship and to glorify your name Lord Jesus. So God, may you meet with us here in this place today as we commit it into your hands. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hind, or infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. Bless us now, God, as we commit this into your hands. Again, once more, ask your blessings on this entire service. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We're going to go over to Psalm number 543 in the book. We'll have it on the screen here. I want more of Jesus. Praise the Lord. A wonderful way to start a new year. Amen. Is to desire to obtain more of him. Amen. The song tells us exactly how we can get more of him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it to him now. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; I want more of Jesus, more and more and more. I want more of Jesus [singing] than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love, so rich, so full, and free. I want more of Jesus, so I'll give him more of me. I want more of Jesus, more and more [singing] and more. I want more [applause] of Jesus than I've ever had before. [singing] I want more of his great [applause] love, so rich, so full, and free. I want more of Jesus, so I'll give [applause] him more of me. Yes, I want more of Jesus. more and more and more. I want more of Jesus [applause] than I've ever had before. [singing] I want more of his great love so rich, so [applause] full and free. I want more of Jesus, so I'll give [applause] amen. One more time now. I want more [singing] of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love so rich, so full and [applause] free. [singing] I want more of Jesus, so I'll give him more of me. [singing] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the formula. Amen. If you want more of him, give him more of you. Praise the Lord. Let more of you die out. Praise the Lord that more of him can come in and be a part of our lives. Praise the Lord. Amen. You know, we're just human beings. There's only so much we can handle. There's only so much we can take. Praise the Lord. So, if that's that's the case, then I want as much of him as I can get. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Psalm number 470, the book here on the screen. I am blessed every day that I live. I am blessed. Praise the Lord Jesus. Aren't you thankful for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it now. Amen. I am blessed. I am blessed every [singing] day that I live. I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. [singing] So every day that I live, I am blessed. Amen. [applause] When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. [singing] Yes. I Are you blessed today? Amen. I am blessed. Oh, every day [singing] that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I [applause] lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. Sing it like you mean it now. I am blessed. Hallelujah. I am blessed. So every [singing] day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. [applause and cheering] I [singing] am blessed. One more time now. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. [applause] Yes. Every day that I live, I am blessed. [applause] When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I [singing and applause] am blessed. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so glad the Lord blesses us. The Lord gives us all the blessings that we can contain. Amen. And so much more than we deserve. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord for his blessings to us. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Psalm number 340. Amen. This one I could not find on the screen. So, uh, we're going to have our book on this one. It's easy. Amen. It's a simple course that we have. Amen. That we probably all know. I just thought it was a good way and looking for some songs. Good way to start a new year. Just to be thankful to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord to be thankful to him. What a wonderful year the Lord gave us last year. There was ups, there was downs. I know sometimes it seems like the downs outweigh the ups, but God is always faithful in all of it. Praise the Lord. Whatever we do, it seems like it's humanity though, we always fixate on the bad. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh we, you know, you can have 10 blessings and one bad thing and we'll always think about the bad thing all the time and all the time and all the time. God's been here and says, "I've been here the whole time." &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So, it's means a lot to have a positive attitude, to be positive about everything regardless. &gt;&gt; Whatever the Lord does, we know that he does according to his perfect will. And we want Amen. him to continue to bless us according to that perfect will. So Jesus, I just want to thank you. Amen. Jesus, I just want to thank you. Praise the Lord. 340 in the song book here. Amen. [snorts] Jesus, we just [singing] want to thank you. Jesus, we just want to thank you, [singing] Jesus. We just want to thank you. Thank you for being so good. And Jesus, we just want to serve you, Jesus. We just want to serve you, Jesus. We just want to serve you. [singing] Yes. Serve you. Cuz you are so good. [singing] And Jesus, we just want to praise you. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. [singing] We just want to praise [singing] you, Jesus. [singing] We just want to praise you. Praise you for being [singing] so good. Yes, Jesus. Oh, let's thank him again. We just want to thank you, Jesus. [singing] We just want to thank you, Jesus. We just want to [singing] thank you. Thank you for being [singing] so good. Let's make it personal to him now. Jesus, I just want to thank you, [singing] Jesus. I just want to thank you, Jesus. I just want to thank you. Thank you for being so good. [singing] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. God is so good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He is so good to us. I just thank him. Praise him. He's been so good to us, saints. Amen. With everything he does, everything he gives, all that he is. Amen. We bless him and praise him. Amen. We honor him. We glorify him. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Not because we're expecting something in return. &gt;&gt; Not because we're uh thinking he's going to do something for us, but we do it because of who he is. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is the Lord of glory. He is God Almighty. Amen. There is none like him. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. [clears throat] Go to the Lord in prayer now. Take us these prayer requests. Amen. There's a few to mention that we have that uh I know about today. Uh Sister Sheileia had text me earlier around 9:00 or so and said that she had had a bad nose bleed and uh she was trying to get it stopped but didn't know if she would in time. Uh but she's not here. So assuming that she stayed a halt. Amen. To dream. So, if you're home with Sister Sheily, God bless you. Praying for you, just trust in the Lord. Stop that. She said she's had them since she's a little girl and uh had trouble with them off and on uh her life. So, we're just believing the Lord just touch and heal it. Also, Brother Dennis [snorts] um his surgery the other day, I think as I sent to you, went well. The doctor was happy with it, but uh he's thinking the doctor is thinking he's going to need another one or two procedures. I don't know if it's necessarily surgery, but I guess if somebody's cutting on you, it's surgery. Uh but uh they're thinking maybe one or two. I'm thinking none, but uh we'll see whether what the Lord does for brother Dennis in this situation. And brother Dennis just tired and he wants to go home. He wants to come back to church. Uh so let's just continue to hold Brother Dennis up in prayer. Uh the Lord would just bless him. He of course I've never known anybody that does, but he hates being in the hospital. Uh again, I anybody's ever wanted to be in the hospital or like being in the hospital. So, but uh just pray for him if you would to continue to pray for him. Uh also, Mike is going to be traveling back today. So, please remember him in prayer. He's supposed to get into town about 8:30 tonight. He said most of the time that flight's late, but you never know. But he's supposed to come in traveling tonight. So, just pray the Lord bless him and grant him traveling mercies. Uh also, Sister Shri text me uh earlier and said that Art was not feeling well last night. I think I sent the text out to everyone uh as he's not here. I'm assuming he's still not feeling well today. So, we just remember our prayer the Lord would just bless. And also, I did not put in the text last night, but Sharia had a request in that text that she sent to me that uh her and the children not get what he has, which I can understand a lot of times in the same small space. Um it happens almost invariably, but the Lord can protect that. Amen. can stop that and keep it from spreading to them. So, we're just trusting that he does. You know, Brother Hart works very hard for his family and I know the job he does is not an easy job. and he's getting older. And uh I I I could even tell it myself, you know, when you when you continue to keep working that hard every week and your body starts breaking down, you get older and your immune system's not quite up to speed anymore like it used to and you just uh things just seem to get you more often than they used to. So uh let's just pray for brother Art that God would just bless and touch him. Amen. It's good to see each one of you here. Is Tom back home yet? busy. Amen. So the Lord, I guess, gave them a safe successful trip. Amen. So thankful the Lord blessed Tom and Tommy as they went went hunting and went back to the mountains and just thankful to have them back. Praise the Lord. Want to remember Danny in prayer. I saw him uh at the hospital the other day. I went to visit brother Dan uh brother Dennis. Brother Danny was there but I don't see him this morning. So and I haven't heard from him. So please remember him in prayer as well. Also, of course, one of the team member brother, sister Pat prayer. Amen. So, anyone else have a spoken request on your heart? &gt;&gt; I request it, but I'll say &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, sister. I missed it. I was I was fiddling with that thing. I couldn't get it to work. I finally got it to work, though. So, I'm sorry about that. &gt;&gt; Um, remember Daniel's sister, the trial we start again tomorrowing the what happened. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, sister Nor was asking uh Daniel's sister. &gt;&gt; Shirley uh in prayer, the court situation coming of the death of her son. So, let's please remember that. Shirley, Daniel, again, I keep mentioning it, but if you've forgotten, Daniel is the one who made the pull pit for us. So, uh, and is married to, uh, sister Norma's daughter Kathy. Uh, so please remember Shirley, his sister in prayer, uh, that court issue that's going on there. Amen. Anyone else have a request? Yes, &gt;&gt; I forgive me for not writing it down. But um I'm supposed to have the biopsy on my plan on Tuesday and they're supposed to get the results right away and then send them over to the ENT. But um I know that God is no respector of persons. And if Sister Sonia didn't have to have the surgery on her foot, &gt;&gt; I'm not going to have the surgery on my face. Amen. &gt;&gt; And that is what I am believing. Pise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's all going to be benign. It's going to be fine and it's going to go away. And that's my confession. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. We certainly still uphold Sister Julian prayer for that Tuesday. You have a time Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Um I have to be there at 9:50. &gt;&gt; So 9:50 10:00. So let's remember sister Julian that uh Tuesday 10:00 is remember that and pray up to that point too. Amen. Once you get to that then all will be well. So praise the Lord. Anyone else have unspoken request knows all of our hearts and needs to stand to our feet if we could just take the Lord trust the Lord each one of them today is mindful he ever moved for you in the past that you can confess to confess the Lord has moved for you in the past if he's done it before he's still the same God just believe in that before each other, Lord Jesus. Father, as we come to you again, Lord, with your to your throne of grace and mercy boldly, Lord, with these petitions, these situations, Lord, that's been brought before us and the things that's on our hearts, God, that we believe in true know that you, God, are more than able to move upon every request and need and these situations, Father, these sicknesses. And God, we just trust in you, Lord, for every one of them. You are our high priest that is touched by the feeling of our infirmities, Lord. And you asked us to ask, Father. So, we are truly with all of our hearts with faith, believing, asking, God, for these requests and needs, Lord, for each one of them, Lord. Our precious saints that aren't here with us today, God. We miss them so much when they're not with us, Lord. And but God, we're just trusting, believing somehow for some purpose, reason. Lord, you have everything under control. You make all things work together for our good, Lord. We trust that, believe that, and know that to be the truth. We've experienced it so many times in our lives, Lord. Lord, may you reach out, God, to each one of these requests. Again, Lord, let it be made known to them, Lord, in their heart by faith today. Sister Sheilia, Lord, with this nosebleleed, God, I'm believing, Father, you've already stopped it for her, Lord. And, uh, bring her back to perfect healing and deliverance from that of Brother Dennis with his foot, Lord. God, it's just been a long time that Brother Dennis had been dealing with this thing, God. But Lord, we're just praying again. We're still believing. We're upholding him. We're keeping him before you, Lord. Keeping him before your throne of grace, God, that Lord, your healing virtue is on him, Lord. Even now, God, where he's laying in that hospital, that that healing virtue is flow through his body to heal that foot completely, perfectly, normally. God, may the doctors look at it and be confounded with how well that is healing and coming forth. Lord, that no more surgery, no more procedures will be make will be necessary, God. Bless him and keep his spirits up, Lord, and help encourage him, God, along the way. It can be very discouraging, Lord, especially in the times we're home or we're in bed or we're there alone, Lord, and not feeling good or suffering or sickness, God, and where art is now, Father. Just God, just help them, Lord. May you be with them and strengthen them, Lord. The Pats, God, it's been a while since they've been with us, Lord. I know it's been tough for them and physically and but God, we know that you are more than able to continue to move upon their hearts and lives to bring strength and healing and blessing to their bodies, oh God. Lord, I'm expecting any time, Father, that would be with us once again in service, Lord. God, we're so thankful of what you've done for us. Pray that you'd help Micah, Lord, be with him, Lord, and grant traveling mercies to him. Bring it back home safe, Lord. And just look forward to being with him again. Uh Lord, this week and Sunday, next Sunday service, God, we just thank you, Lord, that we can look to you, God, and ask these petitions and believe you, God, that you are more than able. Help Sister Julie, Lord, with this procedure coming up Tuesday, Lord, even now, God, we're believing that that that place, Lord, in her jaw, in her cheek, God, is is perfectly well and normal and everything will come back fine and well for her, Lord. with God believing for Danny's sister. Surely God, you know the situation there in this court situation and with the passing of death of her son. Lord, I don't know all about it, Lord, but you do, God. And I pray that you'd move on her behalf in this situation. Move on the judge, the jurors, whatever it may be, God, that it be a found a favorable thing for her, for Daniel, for that family, God. Lord, we just commit these needs, all of them. Every hand that was raised, Lord, every situation, every uh um un unspoken request, God, move upon our families and our famil family's lives, Lord. We just look and desire for our families to be saved, God. We just want to spend eternity with our families, Lord. We don't want to see anybody go to hell, Lord. But God, our families, Lord, our loved ones, we love so much, God. We want to be able to spend eternity with them, God. our precious brothers and sisters around the world. May your hand be upon them, Lord. God, may you bless and strengthen them everyone. We Lord commit ourselves to you, Lord, and ask these uh petitions, Lord, in your precious name. And thank you, God, for allowing us the opportunity to bring them before you. We commit them all to you and all of us, Lord, and all of our lives into your hands. We commit. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thankful he's mindful of us. Amen. And so thankful of his hand upon our lives. And song number 124. [clears throat] Amen. Psalm number 124. This one we did have. We'll put on the screen for you. Amen. I know we got books. I know a lot of these songs we know. Amen. But I like to on the screen here. Freeze our hands up to worship for one thing. Amen. You don't have to be concentrated on a book or trying to read this. You can have it here and your hands are free and worship and lift them and clap them and Amen. Just give glory to the Lord. That's that's really the biggest reason I have these up here. Amen. Doesn't have anything because we got a book. We got I mean pretty much all the songs I sing. I'm not a song leader. So all the songs I know usually and sing are in here. So or maybe in the Burgundy book or something. So, but u have it here so we can uh uh just worship and praise the Lord. Amen. Just a closer walk. That our desire today. &gt;&gt; Just a closer walk. Lord, let it be to 2026. A closer walk with you. One day we're going to walk so close to him, saints, and we'll just start walking up. &gt;&gt; Won't be that slow. Amen. It'll be in a twinkling of an eye. Twinkling of an eye. But amen. as we walk with him, we're going to walk right up into glory with him one day. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I am weak, but thou art strong. [singing] Jesus, keep me from all wrong. [singing] I'll be satisfied [singing] as long as I walk. Let me walk close [singing] to thee. Just [singing] a closer walk with thee. [singing] Granted, Jesus is my plea. [singing] Daily walking close to thee. [singing] Let it be, &gt;&gt; dear Lord. Let it be [singing] through [singing] this world of PS and snares. If [singing] I fall to Lord who cares, who with me my burden [singing] share. None but thee, [singing] dear Lord, none but thee. and just [singing] a closer walk with thee. [singing] Granted, Jesus [singing] is my plea. daily walking close to thee. [singing] Let it be, dear Lord, let it be. [singing] And when my feeble life is old, [singing] time for me will be [singing] no more. Guide [singing] me gently, safely, oh to thy kingom [singing] shore, to thy shore [singing] and just a closer walk with thee. [singing] Granted Jesus is my plea. [singing] Daily walking close to [singing] thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it [singing] be. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, let it be, Lord God. Let it be to us, Lord Jesus. A closer walk to him. Amen. We've already found out. We sang the song earlier today. We want more of him. Closer walk with him. How do we do it? Give him more of us. [snorts] Amen. [clears throat] Give him more of our lives. Give him more of our abilities. Give him more of our time. give him more of anything, everything we can give him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Just to have a closer walk with the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. I pray that's all of our desires today. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. And before they change the order of the service, anyone have a testimony, song or something on your heart you'd like to give? Amen. [clears throat] Praise the Lord. If not, we'll just stand to our feet. Amen. Just uh bless the Lord. Bless us today. Amen. Bless us the reading and the ministering of the word. Trust him in all things. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's turn over again. We're going to go back to Ephesians chapter 4. Amen. We're going to begin our reading here again. Ephesians chapter 4. We're still on adoption. Amen. But I just kind of cut out the reading of the adoption scripture. We read it quite a bit anyway. So, we understand we're there at that time in the adoption and adoption series. We just got a few more left here. Amen. We finish this up. I've got uh several things that uh after this I want to try to get to and minister. So, but I want to get through this, finish this. We got a few on the next one, which is pastors. Amen. This is the next uh one that was in the line that we had here in Ephesians 4:11. Uh pastors is the next one. So, we have a few u uh uh on that. Pastors is an extremely important position uh in the body. you remember is the thumb that kind of holds kind of I I guess it' be brother Brown said he said it kind of brings them all together to give a weapon to fight the devil with but I guess that's kind of what you call the glue that holds it all together maybe I don't know amen is that thumb that pastor praise the Lord so uh we'll probably take a few services on that but uh we want to go over to Ephesians as I said chapter 4 we're going to begin reading with verse 11. [clears throat and snorts] Amen. Ephesians 4:11. Amen. We'll read those few verses of scripture again as we get into this uh subject on the pastor. This is adoption part 36, five-fold ministry part nine. And then this be I guess you could say part one of pastors. So, but before we read, let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer if we could. Lord Jesus, again, so very thankful, Father, again, that you bless us with this beautiful day, Lord, at this time to come in from in this service, Lord, and just open the pages of this Bible and expect you to speak to us once again. Lord, you we know that, God, in your word that it says that, Lord, you are faithful to us, God. We we work to try our lives to be faithful to you and all that we do. Lord, in everything that we say, every place that we go, Lord, as we s the song, just a closer walk, Lord, help us, God, by the reading of this word. And I know it's a specific subject, Lord, on adoption, on pastors. I know it runs a specific line, but Lord, every bit of your word is inspired. Every bit of it is is to us, Lord. It's your love letter to us to help us and to bless and strengthen us, Lord. So, let it be so today, God. No matter how many times we've read this, no matter how many times we've gone over or seen this, Lord, or even preached it or heard it, Lord, God, may it be something that would just come new and fresh to us today and anchor to our hearts and draw us closer to you some way somehow, God, through this word, Lord. And we believe God if your spirit is here, if your holy spirit is here God, then it will absolutely, Lord, brood over us and allow that word to come into our hearts and lives and strengthen and bless us and encourage us and inform us, Lord, and help us to know where we're standing living in this day time, God, that you've given us. Lord, we thank you so much, God, that you've blessed and helped us. and we just commit ourselves into your hands and pray that you'd bless the remaining part of this service. Lord, open my mouth to that that you have to be said, close it to anything that would be contrary to your will to be said today. May you anoint our ears to receive it and may every bit of it be according to your perfect will. Let it not return void. Accomplish it that we come into this place today to meet with you, Lord, for looking God for the accomplishment of what you would have to do for us in this place today. something that we need, Lord, as we walk out that door, God, that we need, God, in our lives as we continue to press this battle through, Lord, through another week, Lord, just bless us here now. We commit it to you. Ask your blessings again on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Ephesians 4:11. Let's just read here. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and knowledge of the Son of God into a perfect man and to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. And you can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. [clears throat and cough] Pardon me. Got some congestion there. Can't just seem to kick. Amen. Praise the Lord. So today, as we just read through, we're going to start on uh the subject of pastors uh and and and the scriptural reference and the scriptural precedent of pastors that we have and the things that has been said in the scripture about pastors and and what it is uh to be a pastor, what a p a pastor's position is supposed to fulfill, uh uh the type of character, the type of person that a pastor is supposed to be. and uh the the the things that the Lord gives him, equips him with to be able to be a pastor. Amen. Because it's a a very unique situation. It's a very unique calling. Uh I'll just uh read this quote that brother Brandham said about pastors and maybe help us a little bit here. God doesn't call a man judgment without first warning him. 1963 he says, "But you see in the church there is a pastor and that pastor is a special person." And I remember we've read all the ones that he talked about of each office and each one he's called prophets and evangelists and p everyone is a special man, a special person. Brother Brown calls each one a special person. Amen. He's built Amen. The pastor is built to where he can put up with the fusses of the people. He's a burdenbearer. He's the ox of the team. He's a man that can sit down uh when somebody's got something against somebody else and sit down with them two families, take neither side and reason it out and bring it right back into sweetness and love again. He's a pastor. A and a pastor knows how to take care of these things. No, a pastor I don't want to be contrary to brother Brown. A pastor doesn't necessarily know how to take care of those things, but the pastor should be anointed of the Holy Spirit who does know how to take care of those things. And trusting that what the Lord speaks to him is what is what is supposed to be done is the gift. Again, remember in every one of these situations, in every one of these offices, it's the gift that God operates in the person's life, in the man's life. It's the gift that God operates like we said with the prophets and with the evangelists and God builds them the way he wants them to be and has the characteristics that they have. Uh but uh and remember what he talked about an evangelist evangelist an evangelist can't feel this position because an evangelist always wants to just keep going. An evangelist has a burning spirit. He has a burning nature. He wants to keep going. He wants to burn the trails up. He wants to come in and burn the hide off of people. Well, uh, people who need consoling and who need, uh, comforting don't need the hide tore off of them. That they need to be comforted. They need to be encouraged. They need to be strengthened. Amen. And God gives that, uh, through that gift. Amen. Not the man, uh, not the not the individual. God will bring that man through experiences and through life lessons to bring them to this position. But it's the gift of each one. It's the gift of prophecy in the man. It's the gift of the evangelist. It's the gift of pastor that God puts in this person. Amen. So that gift is the gift that God operates to be able to bring about what we just read that brother man talked about. The burden bearer. He's the person that's the ox of the team. He's the one that helps uh keep people together, keep in a loving uh atmosphere and uh uh keep the the care of the people and all that goes on uh is in that position of that one. I guess that's maybe why he's the thumb that brings the kind of again uh as I could say the glue that kind of brings it and holds it all together is is the pastor in that position. And for some reason, as uh most people don't want to be uh the burden bearer, most people don't want to be an ax. Most people don't want to most people don't want to have those burdens heaped up on them. And it seems like for some reason, uh most men out there who feel they have a call want to be a pastor. I don't know why. Um it's not an easy job. People say, "Why yeah, it's get up there and preach every Sunday or whatever." I said, "Well, yeah, if if ministering is all there was to it, this be the best thing in the world. If all I had to do is show up on Sunday morning or something and preach a service and go home and be done, that that'd be the greatest thing in the world." But uh that that is the smallest portion of all of it uh that God all lots to a pastor that has uh people under his care. And it can be one person. It could be a thousand people. But the burden of that person, those people is still on that pastor. If he's a real pastor, amen. If he's real, God called anointed pastor, that's going to be his desire. That's going to be in his heart. That's going to be his life. Cuz see, the pastor's a shepherd of the local flock. The the pastor's a shepherd of the local flock flock to feed and to tend to the sheep. Uh that that's his position to do. See, all of our lives aren't our lives. But the the pastor shares his life and gives himself over should more than any other calling, more than any other of these five ministering gifts. Uh the pastor gives himself over more than anybody else does. And sometimes it it becomes a detriment, especially when it's uh in a position of someone who's not a child of God. uh a person can use that to hurt that individual or to say things about that person or to ruin that person's character in some way. Uh so it's not always easy, but God always sees to it to make sure that he calls that man to a position and he gives people for that uh for that man to feed, for that man to tend to, for that shepherd to be able to take care of. And that's what a pastor does. A pastor is a the shepherd of the local flock under the great shepherd, our God. Uh we are under God. We are all under God. He's the great shepherd. But we are the shepherds. The pastors are the shepherds of the local flocks to feed that local flock to tend to that local flock that God gives them. You say, "What's the local flock?" Well, uh, Brother Ram talked about neighborhood, but, uh, to me, that local flock is those that God calls to that assembly, those that God calls to be under that pastor. God, those that God calls to be a part of that church, those are the ones that God puts him in charge of, in charge of the care of, those are the ones that God's looking to that man to help those people in whatever capacity is necessary. That's why we've said before, we've talked about ministers. God will call different people to be under different ministries for different reasons. &gt;&gt; Be be a people are in in a certain situation in their lives. Maybe they're in a certain position in their walk with the Lord. Maybe they need a certain type of ministry or pastoring to to bring that person along to continue on in the growth of the Lord. There's all different reasons why God will call somebody. That's why you don't just go because your mom and daddy goes. You don't just go because the person's a good speaker. You don't just go because this these people seem to be a little more active and a little more lively and and you don't go for those superficial reasons. &gt;&gt; You go to a church because God called you to that church. When God calls you to that church and calls you to sit under that ministry, that ministry, that's the that's the man that God has to be your pastor, to be your shepherd. That's why God calls for that purpose and reason. And that's the only reason you should go to a church. The only reason you should go to a specific church, I should say, is because God calls you there. Someone says, "Well, nobody's called me. I I I don't feel God's called me." Ask the wife. If you don't feel God's called you to a place, then I would certainly get down on my knees and pray and ask the Lord to show me. And until then, find a place to go. Amen. Brother Ram ALWAYS SAID, "GO TO CHURCH." He said, "Even if it's denomination," he even talked about uh uh brothers that were there in certain meetings at certain times. You probably heard it when he's in a meeting and he's ministering and he says, "If you don't have a church to go to, there's a brother sitting here and there's a pastor sitting here and there's a pastor sitting here. These these are good men of God. Go to their churches." Amen. Fill their pews. He encourages the people. He said, "I'm not a pastor." In fact, I think I may have even have that quote down here somewhere where he talks about this is go to their churches. Amen. These are men of God. Go to their churches. Still, and as God continues to move in your life, as God continues, as you continue to grow in the Lord, as the closer you get to God, God speaks to you. God will tell you, God will show you. God will let you know. Amen. Through speaking to you, through encouragement, through something that just uncctions in your heart, through a dream. I think even Sister Sheily, I believe, had a dream when she first started coming our church. The Lord wanted her to come and be a part of our church. See, and there's a reason. See, God does everything for a purpose and reason. And he puts people in certain places uh to where they're supposed to be, not because of their family, not because their their their daddy or their their uh son-in-law or whatever is the pastor of the church. You don't go to a church for that reason. You go because God sent you there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Wherever God sent you, that's where you go. And that's where that that that is why God puts that pastor in that place to for that reason to be a pastor to you to be a pastor to those people. Now a pastor wears a pastor wears many hats. [snorts] Um a pastor is not an evangelist. He doesn't go burning up the road. A pastor is not effectively a teacher. Amen. Now he can teach but he's not a teacher. A teacher is someone who comes in and that's his call to break down that word. Amen. Now, there'll be times that the Lord will give me something to to break down something to make it clearer, but not not like a teacher, a a a teacher, someone who's anointed uh to bring and to break that word down. Uh uh and and it should be when a teacher does it. I I've been in play I've been in I hate saying this but I' I've been I've been in services at times where a person called themselves a teacher honestly my wife can testify to this um cuz we don't go we don't go places without each other I don't know some people go without each other when we go church this place we always went together anyway uh they call themselves a teacher and they would walk in and come up on the pull pit and then have a stack of message books this and spend an hour or so reading a quote out of each of these books. They just read a quote and sit it down and call themselves a teacher. Well, you didn't teach him anything. &gt;&gt; A person could get a quote book and done the exact same thing. &gt;&gt; Somebody could read any and all those messages and get the very same thing, but call themselves a teacher. I've been to some places where someone called themselves teachers and and they would they would break something down to a point to where it became so confusing that it there was just no anointing. Amen. And a lot of people consider teachers as being dry. I know we haven't even we haven't even got the teachers yet, but uh but a pastor just breaks it down to the point to where it is that is helpful to the people in to me into a a state, an elementary state. Amen. I I I guess I've been encouraged that uh that the way I minister uh makes it very simple for people to understand. I don't do that on purpose. I didn't know I did that just by what other people tell me. Uh I don't know that. All I know is the gift that God gives. Amen. And I'm assuming that's the a part of what God does as a pastor. Amen. But a pastor can do some teaching. He's not a teacher, but he can do some teaching. He can he can actually have the gift of prophecy, too. There's pastors that can have a gift of prophecy. He's not a ministering prophet, not a word prophet, but he can have that. He can have that ability to be able to have that gift. He can evangelize in a message. Uh a pastor can certainly get up. He sees uh sin coming in the camp. Brother Brandham talked about Philistines be on the Brandom Tabernacle. Amen. And just uh evangelizing the people and rip rip the people the hide off, you know. Uh he can do that, too. But it's it's a it's a pastor's ability to be able to uh do like like I said before with brother Brandham and take that bomb and smooth it over and ease that hurt and you know because from time to time we all need to hide taking off of us &gt;&gt; uh to straighten us up to get us back in line to get us in the place that we're supposed to be. That's what a shepherd does. &gt;&gt; Amen. A shepherd does that. Remember an evangelist, his ministry is to bring people to repentance and to to a sorrowfulness, a repentance to the Lord. But a pastor uh he'll he tries to guide people and take and and you know a shepherd a shepherd does out. We're getting a little ahead of ourselves, but u a true shepherd will do that. He'll make sure the sheep stay in line. He'll make sure the shepherds stay where the sheep stay where they're supposed to stay and keep going in line and keep going the right direction and keep out of the uh it's a it's a pastor's position to try to keep those sheep away from danger to speak to them about the dangers of things that are in the world. Uh false doctrine and things like that. It's a it's a pastor's position to do that. Sometimes see see people may say, "Well, why do you do all that?" It's it's a pastor. It's a shepherd position to do that. It's a part of the one of the hats that he wears to keep the sheep in line to keep them going the right direction to keep them away from all evil things. The pastor wants his his sheep to stay in a place to where they get fed and they get blessed and they can grow. Amen. Not not to have one wander off and get attacked by the by the wolves, but uh but so they can continue to stay in line and stay with the word and stay with Christ and and continue on till we go home to be with the Lord. Amen. That's one of the hats that the pastor has. He wears many hats. Amen. And and ministers in many different ways. Now, an evangelist doesn't have that. An evangelist isn't somebody that that like we said the other day doesn't come and preach doctrine. Uh you know when brother Brandham good example uh brother Brandham was told to do the work of an evangelist. We know that Lord told him to do the work of an evangelist. He said I'm not an evangelist but he said do the work of an evangelist. Amen. But in doing the work of an evangelist, when we went to a visiting minister's pullpit, he said, now I heard him do contrary from time to time, but he said, "I don't teach doctrine in another man's pullpit, and an evangelist is not supposed to." Now, things have changed a little bit, I guess, and we just getting close enough to the coming of the Lord that sometimes that those lines get blurred a little bit. But it is not an evangelist position to teach doctrine because the people are supposed to have one pastor. They're supposed to have a everybody should have a pastor, but one pastor, not a dozen, not two. It all becomes confusing and convoluted at that point. One pastor. And see, brother Bam said, "I don't get and teach doctrine in another man's pullpit." He said, "If I have a message the Lord gives me, something that's on a doctrinal issue," he said, "I go to Jeffersonville and I preach at my church." Amen. Notice he called his church. "I go and preach at my church." Amen. That's what he said. He said, now he he didn't mind Tucson Tabernacle with brother Green, but he said, "If the Lord give me something," and he promised the people there. He said, "I will come here and preach it to you first. you will get uh whatever the Lord gives me fresh, it'll be come from this pull pit. And when he went out to uh uh other pullpits and other men's and uh uh uh uh revival and stuff like that, he didn't preach doctrine. It's simple scriptural stuff, usually stories in the Bible. Brother Brandon was very good at storytelling and embellishing a story from the Bible and putting in details and things like that. Uh blind Barnameus and stuff. That's what he did to the people to try to help encourage them and try to build their faith. Amen. Blind Barnameus got healed. He was blind but then the Lord healed him and he he had his eyesight. See encourage try to build up the encouragement of the people but he did not preach doctrine. And in fact, one time uh when he preached in Christ uh in the invisible union and uh uh oh, I forget he preached I think four messages at Jack Moore Church in Streetport, Louisiana one time, Thanksgiving meetings. I think it was I can't remember 63. And he came and he and he said and he actually told the congregation. He said, "And I may preach some doctrine." He actually let them know. He said he got brother Jack Moore. He talked to him and brother Jack was okay. And the people were saying, "Amen. Praise the Lord." And to the fact that he said in another man's pullpit, "I may preach some doctrine." So he let them know. He let the pastor know. He may cross that line a little bit. Amen. But truly, an evangelist isn't to do that. That's the pastor's job. It's the pastor's job to bring doctrine to the people. Amen. Now, a teacher can bring some doctrine, but it's the pastor's position. Again, that's the food. That's the feeding. That's that's uh what God uses that man to do to bring those people uh in line and to grow in the Lord is to bring that correct doctrine, that true doctrine that God operates, that gift to bring. Amen. It's his position. Not the evangelist, but the pastor. That's his position uh as a part of that uh as a part of wearing uh those different hats. Amen. To get that message, to get that truth across, to bring that doctrine, to bring that truth. See? Amen. a pastor in the scripture uh Ephesians 4:11 that we just read the the um uh speaking of teaching a little bit uh the the Greek on pastor from Ephesians 4:11 says of course shepherd pastor shepherd they're interchangeable amen pastor shepherd same shepherd &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; He to whose care and control others have committed themselves. Amen. That's why you've heard me say many times and when the transition was happening at the tabernacle, I use this phrase many times. And I tell anybody, make sure that you're careful at to whom's care you put your spiritual welfare &gt;&gt; because it matters. putting your spiritual welfare in the hands of a pastor. Amen. Highest honor in my op in my opinion in my opinion. Highest honor that that a pastor can receive is when somebody comes in and they relinquish their spiritual welfare to your care. You talk about a burden, saints. That's a burden that a pastor never gets out from under. It don't matter how many services you have. how many people you have. That is a burden that the pastor never gets out from under. But it's the greatest honor a pastor can have. Amen. That you folks that people would put their spiritual welfare in your hands. Amen. It's very humbling. It really is regardless who it is. Very humbling. To whomse care? To whose care and control others have committed themselves? whose precepts they follow, which is teaching, which is doctrine. Amen. Which is the word that you give them. Amen. They live by it. Amen. They don't they don't come and argue contrary. Amen. They follow. Amen. They precepts they follow. As soon as one sheep gets to the place that they start getting out of line for that, Amen. And then it's the shepherd's job to get them back in line and say, "No, this is the way the scripture says. This is the way brother Brandham taught it. This is the way Jesus gave it to us. This is the way God is leading through a gift to bring this truth. This is this is the way it is." Amen. Everybody can have their own ideas, opinions. That's their thoughts. You're human. Amen. But if you if you place your spirit your spiritual welfare and care in the hands of a shepherd, you're trusting that God is using that shepherd to lead you in the right path to bring you to glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if that's and if that gift is operated properly, he's a God- called man. Because trust me, there's there's plenty out there that aren't God called. But if he's a God- called man in that place he's in his position, GOD WILL BLESS IT. God will bless you in it. If you're where you're supposed to be, God will bless you in it. See, and it all works out perfectly. And you see a nice shepherd there with his staff and his rod and the sheep are just grazing and they're just enjoying their time and they're just Amen. That's the way it should be. Just being having fun and being happy and Amen. whose precepts they follow. It's not so well, you know, it's like people do with the Bible. Uh I I saw the other day u u cuz sometimes I get it on my Facebook feed. I saw the other day there's and sometimes I'm intrigued. I look at them where uh Charlie Kirk was debating some of these kids on campus. And I saw one the other day and and he just kept trying to get her to understand uh about the scriptural and the concepts of scripture and the Bible and the Bible being the infallible inspired word of God that it wasn't Yes. It was written by 66 different individuals. But God wrote it. &gt;&gt; God speaking through the individuals wrote that word. And from beginning to end, it all brings itself together in perfect continuity. See, especially, you know, if you know you have the Holy Ghost and God reveals, you say there's people can say it contradicts itself, but it does not. and and and and this girl kept insisting because he's like, "Well, uh the these little things she's trying what she was trying to do is justify homosexual lifestyle." That's what she was trying to do. Uh pretty easy to see. It's about 10 or 12 minutes. She was trying to justify homosexual lifestyle. I could tell by some of the things she threw out there. And she said, "Well, these little things that mention this and uh and and of course he just off the top of his head, I don't know him, but he knew this man was smart. He had all these things off top of his head about homosexuality and how wrong it is in this scripture and this scripture and this scripture and this scripture all the way from the Old Testament into Jude where it talks about it. Amen. Um, I know some of them, but uh and and she was, "Well, yeah, these these little things uh these little things that they're just really not important. They don't really mean anything, you know. We need we just need some that's a that's real construct. We need something that's that's real law. That's real uh uh uh moral guidance and that and and you and he says THE AND THE BIBLE should give that." And he's like, "You mean like thou shalt not kill?" Huh? That's a pretty good one, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Anybody know that comes from the Bible? You know that that's actually God's word. Don't kill. How about don't steal? That sounds like a pretty good one, too. Where'd that come from? Oh, that comes from the Bible. Amen. But what she was trying to do is say, and he's like, "Well, do you think that's a good idea?" Well, yeah, we shouldn't kill. You think, "Yeah, but shouldn't steal? Yeah, that's that's a good idea." You know, he said, "Well, every then then what's wrong with all the rest? Every bit of it is the Bible. Every bit of it is God's word." [clears throat] But what she's trying to do is like so many people try to do. They try to take the word and cherrypick it to fit their own ideas and cherrypick it to fit their own way that they want to live and what they want to do. And they cherry say, "Well, this this part just isn't important." you know, oh this this part he didn't really mean that or or this shouldn't be this is not this is just one little verse, you know, it doesn't mean anything. I've had so many people tell me in trying to rebut THE HOMOSEXUAL LIFESTYLE, THAT'S JUST OLD TESTAMENT. NO, it's not. &gt;&gt; Jesus gave many examples through the New Testament of a homosexual. Romans and uh uh uh uh Corinth, Timothy, uh Jude, he gave a there's several scriptures in the New Testament about it. But again, it's just a cherry pick. See, uh to to cherrypick this, that, and the other. No, God didn't ask that. Amen. If you've put your spiritual welfare, your care in the hands of a pastor, a shepherd that God has lead led you to, then you follow those precepts. Amen. You follow those precepts. And not blindly. Not blindly. I'm not saying you do it blindly because every one of us are are ultimately responsible to ourselves and our own spiritual welfare. Of course. Amen. So the bottom line is yes, you follow. But if you see something that's doctrinally wrong, contrary or something, then uh then it's your responsibility to go tell say, you know, I don't see it that way. I I don't think that's the way it is. And I've had I never had anybody here do that, but I've had people other churches do that especially in Florida. Uh I've mentioned to you before the one brother [snorts] uh even after church CAN'T HARDLY WALK OUT THE door and this this and this like you know what can we go to lunch u can we talk about this tomorrow or you know just something just bam right there. I think I if it if if it's not something um and I'm I'm saying this on tape that's kind of kind of got to the point that uh online that's kind of the point it got to I hate to call her but was somebody else in this church and I it just got to the point I finally like you know I'm like I I don't really think I'm the pastor for you. I I believe that I there's so many of these things and you know you preach the word and they have these contrary thoughts and ideas and things and um I if you if you deal with it to a certain degree and you do everything you can to help them and it just comes to a point where it just almost really gets worse and you say, "Lord, what do you do?" It's like, you know what? I I'm just not sure I'm the person that's to be your pastor. you know, maybe you should pray and find out if maybe uh the Lord's got somebody else for you that will take you in the direction you're headed or something. U I don't necessarily think that's a good thing, but anyway, that's up to them between them and God, not me. &gt;&gt; Amen. But, uh if it gets to that place and that then there has to be a decision made. Amen. But they follow the they follow their precepts, the the the doctrine that they teach. See the presiding officer another position of the pastor of course uh the he is the presiding officer manager director of any assembly of course this assembly he's the janitor and he's the uh everything there is but that's uh that goes with having a small church I guess [snorts] uh but he is he is the presiding officer manager and all that to take care of that is that God never put the spiritual wealth welfare of a congregation in the hands of a board uh a deacon board or a trustee board or something like God never put a church his church his people the spiritual welfare of a of a congregation in the hands of a board. He never did that. It's up to them. It's that man. It It's like I said at at work uh several times uh and and it's like I've said in life when it come when it come down to the rubber meeting the road. If something was done wrong, it it's like I I like this analogy better. It's like um schools. It seems like schools nowadays that the teachers and the schools want to take over the children. They want to be able to do things to and with the children without the parental consent and with even without parental knowledge. They drive a kid, a boy into thinking they're a girl and then tell them, "Well, don't tell your parents." And this and the state is trying to make that legal and go through even gender reaffirming and all this GARBAGE WITHOUT TELLING the parent. But let me tell you what, if that child goes down the street and steals something out of the local store, who are they going to call? They going to call the parent. They ain't going to call the the the teacher. They're not going to call the the school. They're going to call the parent because the parents the ones that's responsible to those kids. BUT YET THEY'RE WITHHOLDING VITAL information about their child from the parent and making it legal to do so. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; How much that is so demonic? &gt;&gt; But yet who's responsible? Amen. It's like a church. Who's responsible? Board's not responsible. God doesn't hold the board responsible. He holds the pastor responsible because it's it's his position. It's his place. He's the one that's responsible directly to Almighty God for what goes on here. What goes on with his church, with his congregation, with his flock. It's his responsibility. Not a deacon, not a trustee. You can say, "Well, if he had done his job right." No, no, no. That's that's it's your job. It's your God put you there for a reason. God put you there for a purpose. See, and uh and and that's where it ends. Amen. That's where God's placed it. That's why even in the Greek, he's the presiding officer, manager, director of any assembly. Amen. Is the pastor. It's his position. It's his place. That's what God's called him to. Let's go over to Jeremiah. I'm going to read a few scripture in Jeremiah. Jeremiah more than any he really had talked about pastors a lot. And I think he did it for the importance, the understanding of the importance of a pastor, the importance of a pastor in an assembly, but also the egregiousness of some pastors and some that aren't really called to be pastors. Let's go. Jeremiah chapter uh 3. I just want to read one verse of scripture here. [snorts] Jeremiah chapter 3. Amen. [snorts] I'll let everybody get there. We've uh like I said, we've got a few scriptures to read out of Jeremiah itself. Just one in verse chapter 3, but uh Jeremiah chapter 3:1 15. He says, "I will give you pastors according to mine heart which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding." There we go. Position of a pastor. The placement of a pastor to feed you with knowledge and understanding. So, it's the pastor's place. It's a shepherd's place to feed the flock. And when God told brother Brown to store up food in the storehouse, it was to be used by all of us, but for a pastor to be able to take and to bring to a congregation the food because he's supposed to feed them. Amen. Because pastors are appointed by God. Not not that an evangelist isn't an evangelist is an appointment of God, but God tells them where to go. See, and he just goes from church to church. But a pastor's an appointment. Uh may not be a permanent appointment, but it's an appointment for a time, for a period. Uh this may or will be 10 years for us here. It's hard to believe, but May will be 10 years of our the first since the celebration the first time the first service we had over on Cterero. It'll be 10 years this May. But God puts for a purpose. Amen. Maybe a short time. Maybe for their whole life. Maybe for a period of time. Maybe certain people come in, leave. Maybe uh some others come stay and are here. Amen. And never leave. But it just that's up to God. But it's an appointment. It's God that God's God calls the man. Amen. He's God called. God calls him. If someone says stands behind a pull pit to claiming to be a pastor, he better be GOD CALLED. HE BETTER have come in uh come in contact with the pillar of fire because God's the one that called him to that place, to that position. That's when I I've told you many times I know when God told me uh to that I was called me to be a minister and then like six years later after that uh brothers started talking to me and I started looking in the scripture thinking well what what part of the ministry do I feel what part so I got to praying seeking the Lord trying to seek Lord what is it I felt the Lord it's a another whole another story but that the Lord called me to be a pastor. So I went to my pastor and I said, I want just want to let you know that this is what I feel led of the Lord to do. I'm not going to actively go out and evangelize anymore. I'm not going to seek pull pits to go preach to evangelize because that's not my calling. If somebody calls me and wants me to come in a certain case or something, I'd be happy to go minister in a situation or something like that, but I'm not an evangelist. I believe God's called me to be a pastor. Took four years before the Lord gave me a pullpit, but he did. Amen. But God does it as an appointment for a period of time. Now, if others say their pastors stand behind the pull pit, aren't called of God, that that is a very bad situation because if God doesn't appoint them, then it creates chaos and and there's no spiritual welfare. There's no growth. Might be a lot of emotion. Might be a lot of shouting, screaming. There might be a lot of things like that going on, but there's no true God. There's no true word. There's no true spiritual growth. Amen. I want more than anything for everybody here to look back on the past 10 years or however long you've been here and believe and know that you've grown in the Lord. If not, then what? We're just spinning our wheels. We got to find out what's going wrong. Amen. Because we all should be growing. We all should be getting closer to God. We all should be growing to a place that we're getting closer to the Lord, more like him. Amen. And our lives are reflecting that. Our lives are showing that. Amen. And it will. And a true born again son or daughter of God. It will if it's God called. If it's not, then all you got is a bunch of jumping, dancing, shouting, coming to church. And again, like the scripture says, you might as well write Incabot over the door because there's no God in there. No almighty God. There might be all kinds of devil gods or something. Amen. But there's no almighty omnipotent God in there. Amen. Because God's done left the place. See, look here. Read a couple more. We'll get to another section here for the next few minutes. Because I got some more scripture in Jeremiah that I want to read because Jeremiah he lays it down with pastors and what they do God give a pastors according to God's heart to not to bring knowledge to feed knowledge and understanding. What house will you build me? This is brother Brandon. We know the first place in Tucson tabernacle. Uh December I believe this was December 12th. I can't remember. Oh, here. November 21st. December 12th was the communion. Uh uh November 21st. What house would you build me? Brother Brown, Tucson Tabernacle. He says, "Now I realize that years ago I was called in the ministry. I've never make a successful pastor because I have a roaming rambling spirit. [snorts] I can't be uh satisfied anywhere. Just wherever the spirit moves, I've just got to move with it because I have a message. There's a reason. See, that was given for that purpose. He has a message. Remember, he was a work prophet. My opinion again, I will restate this again. In my opinion, I believe brother Brandham fulfilled at some point in time and and in his life had a gift of all five of the gift ministering gifts. evangelist, pastor, teacher, missionary, prophet. Amen. Of course, most of all, prophet. He had a message. What was that message? A word. Jesus said, "I must preach in this other town also." But there are those who are shepherds that that watch the flock. He said, "I AM SO GRATEFUL that brother Perry followed the leading of the Holy Spirit." You ever heard brother Green tell that story of what brother Brown saying here? Brother Green, Brother Green tells the story that he's sitting right behind Brother Brown here and he's up at the pull pit. Brother Brown, Brother Green sitting back here. He said, "Brother Green sitting there and he hears Brother Brown say this. He says, "I'm so grateful that Brother Perry follow the lead of the Holy Spirit." Brother Green testified as he sat behind Brother says, "Is that what I did?" Those were his words. Is that what I did? Following the Holy Ghost. See, sometimes the Lord just uncctions you and you just you just go and do as the Lord is leading you and think, well, is that what I did? Yeah, that's what I that's what you did. Brother Green even talked about uh Brother Brandham telling him uh that confessing that and and and brother Bram said, "Yeah, and and when you when you go to study to get a message," he said, "you will you will go and you'll you'll find something and then you'll go over and find another something. You'll find these things that kind of tie together to bring that message together." He said, "And you think that you're lucky." Brother Bram telling Brother Green, he's But Brother Bram said, "But that's the Holy Spirit leading you." That's the Holy Spirit uncctioning you, leading you, bringing you to this scripture, leading you, bringing you to this scripture, bringing these things and tying them together to bring that message. That's that. He said that's you. He said, "Brother Perry, you think YOU'RE LUCKY, BUT THAT'S THE HOLY SPIRIT leading you." Oh friends, if we could just get a grasp understanding of that in our own lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. Of the leading of the Holy Spirit in our own lives. Praise the Lord. It's God. It's always God. You belong to him. It's always God. He said, "Is that what I," Brother Green said, "s that what I did?" Follow the leading of the Holy Spirit. And today we have a tabernacle. It's a small one. That's just good enough to start with to see what the Holy Spirit will do. not knowing. Let's just move step by step. Now, I believe if God has spoke to brother Perry, uh, brother and sister Green to come here and has opened up a place where our children instead of on Sunday morning riding their bicycles on the street running around, they have a place to come to worship. Instead of us sitting around and listening to something or what we've heard on radio or something, we have a place to come to the local assembly, the church that God established, that God brought a pastor to bring you to that place. It was no small thing that I started this church. It was no small thing, saints. Trust me, when I left out of the Tucson tabernacle that morning, walked across the parking lot and praying to God about it, God sent me back east, visit my mom, yes, I did some ministering, yes, but I had to talk to him. I had to get my head straight. I had to get things right with the will of the Lord for where I go. What do I do here, Lord? Because I've told you the story many, many times. And how real it was the Lord told me to come here and go help brother Green. I've told you that. We won't get into that again. So when that come to uh what I considered as an end as brother Green had passed away, but the Lord told me to stay there and help that once I was I guess cast aside. I guess you say whatever it was. That's probably my personal feelings. I shouldn't say that. Um but uh I I I had to find out Lord what what's next? What now? What do I do? Where do I go? What do you want me to do? What's what's And I had to get things right. I had to find out what the mind of the the Lord was. Amen. And see, and that's when u I failed. Again, another story to come back when I got back here, resigned the tabernacle next Sunday, started the church. And I've told y'all how we got to the building and how things worked out and how every even to coming into this building. How God has led and directed to to bring us even to where we are now by the grace of God. All the things you see, the instruments, the screens, the computers, the chairs. Amen. All everything. It's all God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's his orchestration. I pray in here on Sunday mornings other times, but when I'm in here Sunday morning and I walk around and uh I stand and I look and I still still stand here amazed at what the Lord's done for us. She said, "Well, you know, there's big huge churches and these beautiful windows and all this other grandioso and stuff and all and they own it and it belongs to them and stuff and what what do we have compared to that?" Doesn't matter. All we have is all we need is God &gt;&gt; and we got him. It doesn't matter. Brothers, I'd rather be eating soda crackers and drinking branch water, be on the street with the with the truth than in the most beautiful cathedral there is in the world &gt;&gt; full of people. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's what matters to me. And I look at I think it's just it's just the Lord. It's just God. Amen. And God's put us all together. Put you in my life in different ways. Everybody in here pretty much has been brought into my life in a different way and and vice versa. So, it's just it it's God. God doing it. God knows how to do it. Amen. [clears throat] Be certain of God. Now, I want you to know, friends, here we're closing this meeting. If you have accepted Christ your savior, I believe this is the one I was talking about just a few moments ago. You've received Christ your savior. You've been you've been a wandering star and tonight you've accepted Christ during this meeting to come home uh to him. Go back to your church. Please do. If you don't have a church, find you one. If you don't have any choice, Brother Littlefield never told me to say this, but Brother Littlefield, I know to be a man of God. I know Brother Hall to be a man of God. I know these brethren here, many of them, to be men of God. Join their church. They'll do you good. See, he's sending them someplace. Go somewhere. Amen. Now, this is 66 years later. Things have changed a little bit. It's a little more vital to get under the word to get under that true fountain than uh just to get a slice. Uh but I guess if a person could just get a slice, a slice is better than nothing. Amen. And he's telling them go. I believe these to be men of God, they'll do you good. He said, I can, Brother Ram said, I can only be an evangelist. He said that's my calling. He says here, of course later in several other places, he said he he's not an evangelist, but that's what the God called him to do. There are pastors there are pastors to feed you and to shepherd you until Jesus comes. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And I believe that's true. Now, it's not always that. It's not always that one pastor. Amen. It God may lead you to a another church. You may may call a pastor out of a place because he needs him someplace else. And God has just be where God told you to be. That's the main thing. We're all looking for the coming of the Lord. Now, a greater than Solomon is here. Now, I want you to know, my brother and sister, that you don't have to wait for some special evangelist to come by. No. No. Your pastor has the same. Now, he may not be able to have that prophetic gift that comes once in a generation, but look, he has the same rights to pray for you that I would. That discernment doesn't heal you. It only brings you God conscious. Amen. That's the whole point. It just brings you God conscious. Now, that that point of bringing to God consciousness helps increase a person faith. Absolutely. But remember, when the angel gave the commission to brother Brandham, HE TOLD BROTHER BRANDHAM, YOU MUST BE sincere when you pray. &gt;&gt; So, it's not just the other way. See? Amen. Get the people to believe. Yes. Faith, but be sincere when you pray. Because faith without love doesn't operate. Galatians 4. Faith operates by love. Amen. So, it has to be by love. The faith has to be operated by the love. That discernment doesn't heal you. It only brings you God conscience that you're in the presence of God. Now again, that helps raise your faith, but it doesn't heal you. But evangelist goes in town, does all the praying, all the baptizing. Then the people when he leaves the pastor, well, the people think they're pastors nothing. THEIR PASTOR, YOUR PASTOR IS A man of God. He has led you safe this far. He can only he can take you on. He is an uh an instructed man of God. Amen. That's ordained to that position. Now, for the next few minutes as we close this out, let's go to a couple of more scriptures in Jeremiah. Jeremiah, we get on to the we get on to the backside of this, the dark side, if you will, of of of this calling. Amen. uh the dark side of this calling for an evangelist or a teacher or something uh is bad too. But when it gets into the office of a pastorship who is the one that is to guide the sheep and to lead the sheep and to keep the sheep safe and uh it it's it's ever more destructive. Uh I have had people come when I pastored a church and preach something that I thought was off the word. I would have to get up and correct that. That evangelist, whatever he was called up in Satan, he's an evangelist, left. He was gone. He He had no responsibility to the flock. I did. So, I had to be the one to correct that. That I felt scripturally was an error. So, I haven't had to do it often, but I have had to do it because God holds me responsible. Not him. He's He brought what he thought. He left and that was it. He's gone. The pastor is the one that's there to take care of it to bring the the sheep back to bring them back to understanding the precept, the doctrine of truth, the word. I mean, that's his place. And God holds him responsible to that. Amen. So, but now on the dark side of this, uh, Jeremiah 10, just a few chapters over, we read three. Jeremiah 10, two verses. My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken. My children are gone forth of me, and they are not. There is none to stretch forth my tent anymore, and to set up my curtains. In other words, nobody wanted to hear what he had to say. Amen. Jeremiah was a man without a country, you'd say. But he had God and he had thus sayeth the Lord. And God continued to give him things to to uh condemn the not condemn, but to convict convict the people to try to get them back on the street the way they're supposed to go. But he was one voice. Yeah. There were there were there were those that followed Jeremiah, but the the majority of Israel at that point did not follow him. He had no one, if you will, he's talking about there's none. See, to stretch forth my tent anymore to set up my curtains is nobody there to help. Nobody believed him. Nobody was on his side. All these people were being were being fed by the pastors. And here's what he says. For the pastors are become brutish, the pastors, the people whose spiritual welfare they were under when when Jeremiah came, they didn't listen to him because the pastors had them under their control. And there's that nickelan system uh that that is a harsh demonic system of nicicoatanism that keeps control over people. Amen. God God doesn't have his pastor to control his children. Amen. We're we're not to manipulate your God's children. Amen. To nickel and to lord over them. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a guidance. It's a leadership. Amen. You you don't you don't force people. A shepherd doesn't force sheep. He leads sheep. Amen. And he what Jeremiah is saying here for the pastors are become brutish. They become brutes. They become forceful. They become uh nicotin if you will. Although that that word didn't come up till later in history. Nicicoatan. uh their own ideas, their own minds, unteachable, unlearnable, immovable in their own deceit. See, a brute and have not sought the Lord. Therefore, they shall not prosper, and their flocks shall be scattered. Flocks shall be scattered because of what they do, who they are. Jeremiah 23. Let's look what Jeremiah says here. Jeremiah 23. Woe be unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture, saith the Lord. Therefore, thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, against the pastures that feed my people. Ye have scattered my flock and driven them away and have not visited them. Behold, I will visit upon you the evil of your doings, sayaeth the Lord. And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of the countries whether I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds, and they shall be fruitful and increase under the direction and leadership of God, and a true leadership of true pastor. Amen. So false pastors is as destructive as a true pastor is helpful. [snorts] &gt;&gt; A false pastor is as harmful and hurtful as a good pastor as a right p true pastor God called pastor is good. Amen. Maybe even more so because it's so harsh harmful. They have become brutish. They have become in im in im inte harsh unwilling to relent to the truth when the truth presented itself in the form of Jeremiah. They had gotten this way over a period of years and history unfortunately repeats itself where you see the same thing going on in the world today. Amen. Now, uh I don't I don't see in the lateness of this hour that there are very many of God's children, if any in the world today, but there there very well could be. I personally believe that if there are any, there's not many, and that God's children are where they're supposed to be in their placement of of position in church, in the body, adoption in the body. Let's go over to Acts chapter 20. Few scriptures here. Got two more scriptures. I'm going to close. [snorts] Acts chapter 20 verse 28. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost had made you overseers to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood. Again the most humbling understanding of a position and a pastor. Amen. to feed the sheep that God purchased with his own blood. That's that's that's sobering, humbling. For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Who does that? Well, we just read in Jeremiah, it's the pastors that do that. [snorts] Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things to draw away disciples where? After themselves, after them, not after God. Amen. But after a ministry, after a position, after a person. They're drawing PEOPLE TO FOLLOW THEM, NOT GOD. It's like people would say, I've heard people say about Brother Bram that that that Brother Bram led PEOPLE TO HIMSELF. HE NEVER DID THAT. I never SEEN ONE SINGLE WORD SPOKEN ON TAPE BY THAT man or any witness of anybody. And I've met over two dozen men that spent time personally with brother Brandham that anybody ever claimed that about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Always, eternally, forever pointed people to Jesus Christ. And that's what I plan to always continue to do. Not point you to here. Not point you to this. To Christ. &gt;&gt; Always to Christ. Amen. Not to a man, not to brother Brandham. Amen. Not not to a church, not to a pastor, but to Jesus Christ. Always forever. To Jesus Christ. Amen. That's where we That's what we believe. They though speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them. A lot of times people use a gift. They they'll try to faint a gift. Maybe they have a real gift of some kind and they'll try to operate that gift to try to make that look like it's something what to try to draw the attention try to get people to follow after them a after a gift. We're not to follow a gift. &gt;&gt; A lot of people follow brother Brandon because the gift we aren't to follow a gift. We follow the word. We follow Christ. &gt;&gt; Therefore, watch and remember that by space of three years, I cease not to warn everyone night and day with tears. So, this was a very serious thing that that that John went through. This is a very serious thing that he realized grievous woes were coming in. He saw they were coming in and said they would continue to come in. I got one more scripture that I want to read as we close. John chapter 10, St. John chapter 10, grievous [snorts] wolves come in not sparing the flock. They'll say to do to whatever whomever they want. Amen. And draw to themselves attention. Amen. Attention to get people to come to be be a part. &gt;&gt; Amen. By what? [snorts] John chapter 10 verse 10. The thief cometh not, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. Any good shepherd gives his life for the sheep regardless. [snorts] But he that is in hireling and not the shepherd, who's on who's on the sheep or not, seeth the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep and flee fleth and the wolf catches them and scatterth the sheep. The hireling fleth because he is hireling and cares not for the sheep. So, a hirling, someone who claims to be something or is put in a position or is paid for whatever comes because of a a paycheck or a payday or something. A hirling doesn't care about the sheep. He doesn't care about the flock. He cares about his position. He cares about his stature. He cares about his bank account, but he doesn't care about the people. So when something comes in, a flock comes in, a wolf comes in, starts scattering. He just runs because he doesn't want to be a part of that. He heads for the hills. He doesn't stay and protect the sheep. He runs cuz he's in hierle. He doesn't care for the sheep. Jesus said, "I am the good shepherd and know my sheep and have known of mine." Praise [snorts] the Lord. We are known of him. Amen. And we know him. Amen. &gt;&gt; He is our great shepherd. Praise the Lord. But he put pastors in position. I'll stop there. He put pastors in position as a shepherd under the great shepherd for his flock. Amen. But yes, there are grievous wolves that come in in sheep's clothing to look like they are the authentic, but they're not. By their fruits, you shall know them. What's the fruit? What do they what's their word? What do they preach? What do they teach? See, and that's what gets to the the bad situation where people can become deceived so easily because they don't know the word. &gt;&gt; So when something is preached, they don't know whether it's truth or not. They just listen to what they said. What is that? That's just nickelanism. That goes back to the control the Catholic Church had over since 320 AD. The Catholic Church got control over the people. So basically by telling them you don't need to know what the word says. You don't just listen to us. We'll tell you what it says. You just obey us. You just listen to us. You just follow us. We'll we'll get you there. We'll tell you what it means. We'll tell you what it does. And look where it is today. It's so far off the Bible. You can't you can't even you stand there and you can't even see THE BIBLE ITSELF. WHY? AND THEY'LL TELL YOU. THEY don't care what the Bible says. They listen to what the Pope says. &gt;&gt; Right? They're unconcerned with what the scripture says. But a true child of God, that's all she cares about. That's all he cares about is the word of God. Because God is his word. Amen. We know the word. We believe in that word. And when there's something that's not word, there there's something that rings in there that says that that's something's not right there. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's where we all need to be in our spiritual walk with the Lord. Make sure that we're in the position, the place God wants us to be, not be deceived. Amen. But know that the the true word is being ministered, fed. The food that you're eating is cheap food. Amen. Not goat food, cheap food. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if we could. [snorts] Amen. Little bit more. We have to go other places with it. But we'll stop there for today. Amen. [clears throat] Praise the Lord Jesus. I had this course on my heart. I wanted to say I want to sing if you can find it here. Amen. It won't be on the screen. So, but if you have a book, you probably remember it. You probably all know it anyway. Amen. Let's see. It looks like it's Make sure that's the right one. Amen. Praise the Lord. 168. I just want to sing the course here. Course of 168. Where he leads me, I will follow. Praise the Lord. Again, you don't have a book or don't want to pick it up. Probably all know this anyway, but it's 168. Where he leads me, I will follow. That's your That's your desire. Your your determination. &gt;&gt; Where he leads me, I will follow. Let's sing it to him now. &gt;&gt; Where he leads me. &gt;&gt; That's that's more the last. Where he leads [singing] me, I will follow. [singing] Where he leads me, I will follow. [singing] I'll go with him. With him all the way. [singing] Where he leads me, I [singing] will follow. Where he leads me, I [singing] will follow. Where he leads [singing] me, I will follow. [singing] I'll go with him. with him all the way. [singing] Where he leads me, [singing] I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. [singing] Where he leads me, I will follow. [singing] I'll go with him. With him all [singing] the way. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Where he leads. Amen. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; We will follow whatever he says, whatever he does. Amen. Let's be led by his spirit in all things. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God richly bless you today. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord. Amen. God is wonderful to us and I appreciate his goodness to us and appreciate you being here. Amen. And being part of service today. If you're watching, God bless you. See if there people watching. So God richly bless you. Amen. Love and appreciate each one of you. Continue to remember the prayer request. Amen. Those uh in need, those in sick and body, things that um that sister Norman mentioned with Daniel's sister and brother Art sick and sister Julie's Tuesday and brother Dennis in the hospital. Please just keep everyone in prayer and just trust the Lord have his way for you to bring healing and mending and uh deliverance and blessing. Amen. We need it all. We all put it in his hands. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. I wanted to have u try to have communion the first of the year. So uh I haven't haven't set a date. I really wanted everybody as much as possible to be here. Dennis has been out. Mike has been out. Uh so hopefully I'll try to maybe next Sunday try to give a an announcement to when uh when we want to have it. I really would like to as soon as possible. So uh we'll see how that how that works out. So just keep that on your heart and mind prayers and just trust how the Lord will lead there. So God richly bless you. Amen. We'll be dismissed in the word of prayer. Remember uh 10:30 willing. We'll be back next Sunday if we're still here. Amen. We'll be back. Just thank the Lord for his goodness. So, God bless you today. Anyone have anything before dismissed? [clears throat] Amen. Not, we'll just go be dismissed for word power. Lord Jesus, we're very thankful, Father, again, of your meeting with us in this place. We're so thankful you're speaking to us. you revealing your word to us. So thankful, Lord, that your word gives us encouragement and gives us warning. It helps us to see, Lord, where we should be and who we are. And God, the position and placement and how we're so dependent on your word and the moving of the Holy Spirit in our lives. how we're so dependent, Lord, on what we know that you've revealed to us in your word. And God, what it means when we hear that word preached and how encouraging and stimulating it is, Father, to to know that you are mindful of us and that you speak to us and that that word, Lord, is forever settled in heaven to bless and to help strengthen them and be with us, Lord. God bless these people, Lord. Watch over them, keep them, go with them, Lord. May your hand be upon them as we go our separate ways now. Grant them traveling mercies, Lord, and bless them exceedingly. Bless those who may have been streaming today. We just commit all into your hands. Father, bless this week upcoming, God, if you would allow us another week, God. May you just bless it and help us to do only what you would have according to your perfect will in our lives. We give it all in your precious name. The Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Amen. [clears throat]
