################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-26 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 10262025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-26
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 10/26/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-b4xnwu50I
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 10/26/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] down. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] She's [Music] down. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] every [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Wow. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Gater is he that is in me. Gater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Yes. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in. One more time now. Yes. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Aren't you glad of that? Praise the Lord. So thankful that greater is he that is in us than he that is in this world today. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's stand to our feet if we could. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord today. If you're streaming. God bless you. Amen. We want to open our service with prayer. Let's trust the Lord to visit with us once again today. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, so thankful again for another time that you've given us, Lord, to come to your house. So thankful, Father, for your grace and your mercy in our lives to lead us to this place and give us a desire, Lord, to be here, Father, to learn of you, for you to meet with us and speak to us from your word. We're so thankful, God, of those that have come today. and just pray you bless those who weren't able to make it for some reason. Help and strengthen and bless those that may be streaming. But Father, we're just thankful for you more than anything, God. For without you, all of this would be in vain. God, may you just bless the remaining part of this service now. We commit it to you and just pray, God, that as we rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way. Bless those who may be on their way, Lord, those that are sick and body may be not able to make it. We just commit all things to you and ask your blessings. Now, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Excuse me. Pardon me. I'm still dealing with a little bit of congestion, so please forgive me for that today. But we're going to do the best we can to worship praise the Lord today. Amen. Songs number 97. If you're home with a book, Amen. Otherwise, we'll have it on the screen here. I'm so very thankful this world can never hold it. Amen. This world's not our home. That's the greatest revelation I believe we have today to realize that this is not our home. Amen. Praise the Lord. This old world can never hold me anymore. But I'll be gone. For I paid my consecration. And I have the wedding garment on. Oh, this whole world can never hold me anymore. But I'll be gone. For I paid my consecration and I have the wedding garment. Hallelujah. Yes. The whole world can never hold me anymore. But I'll be gone. For I made my consequ [Music] now. Yes, this whole world can never hold me anymore and I'll be gone. For I made my concentration and I have the waiting garment home. [Music] Praise the Lord. So thankful when the call goes forth. Amen. There's something in us to respond to that call. A deep that calls to the deep that knows that this place is not our home. Amen. We're going home to be with the Lord Jesus. I think soon and very soon. Amen. Praise the Lord. Song number 369. Amen. 369. We got to put them home. 369. I'll fly away. Hallelujah. So glad of that. Amen. Some glad morning when this life is over. My way to the home of God's celestial shore. I my way. Yes. I my way. Oh glory. My way the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. my mouth my way. And when the shadows of the life have blown out my way like the bird from prison my way I'm singing out my way. Oh glory away in the morning and I do not die. Hallelujah. My way. Hallelujah. Yes. dust of two more blessed days and my way to the land where joy will never end. Out my way. Oh, sing it out my way. Oh, glory. I awake in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Let's sing that last verse again now. Yes. Just a few more blessed days and then I'll fly my way to a land where joy shall never end. Fly my way. Oh, sing it out. My way. Oh, pour me out. My way in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. My bloody way. One more time. Fly away. Oh glory my way in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. My way. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, aren't you glad to know his word as a Christian? as a bornag again Christian ex uh implores us tells us that we cannot die. Amen. Those that have gone on before. Amen. This body may have been laying in a grave, but that person that h that that individual that was inside on the inside cannot die. Is not dead. Amen. In fact, brother Bradam said they're only as far away as you put them. Amen. I believe there's a lot more here than what we can see with our natural eyes this morning. And I'm so thankful, praise God, that we have that promise that God's given us. And one day we'll fly home. We'll see them first and we'll fly home to be with the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you for uh allowing us to change the service time a little bit. I got to uh go pretty quick today. I gave you pretty early flight time. So uh thankful for that. Appreciate each one's understanding. Amen. We have some prayer requests to bring your attention today. Uh Sister Sheilia, as you all know, hopefully maybe you know that Sister Sheilia had the procedure on her face uh Friday. Uh one of those things she's been dealing with for well pretty much ever since I think we've known her years, years and years. Uh she's had these spots removed off her face that they say is cancerous. um they sent it off to be uh to Phoenix, I guess, to analyze it and whatever. But she said the procedure went well. She's thanking God for his blessings. And we're just believing and trusting that Amen. it'll come back negative. All is well with her. And this will be the last time she ever has to do this again. Amen. I'm just believing, expecting, trusting God. Just got to have faith, saints. trusting God for complete perfect healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. She never has to go through this again. Also, brother Dennis uh is home this morning. He had to have that skin graft on his foot redone this week. Uh and he's supposed to stay off his feet. So, please remember him just allowing that thing to breathe and uh just heal and just trusting the Lord touch that and he'll brother Dennis Lord willing. Maybe hopefully prayerfully he'll be with us um next week. And remember, brother heart in prayer. Sharia and the children were actually he's been sick, been very sick. Uh he's been dealing with his back of course as we all know, but just trust in the Lord's healed that. But he's been sick this week and uh woke up this morning with a bad cough and sharp pain. So Sharia wasn't sure if maybe she would have to take him to the emergency room or not this morning. So please remember them in prayer. So they're not going to be with us. Amen. But just trust that Lord would just touch Art and bless and heal him. Amen. this morning and we miss several others that aren't with us. Stephen, Anna, Madison, I'm not sure, Sister Julie. And then hopefully hopefully soon the uh the Zakos will be coming down and spending the winter with us. So we miss him when they're not here. Prayer, too. I believe Sister Norman is on her way. So remember that. Brother Danny, please remember him in prayer. He's still healing from his foot wound. Um so please surgery I should say. So please remember him pray as well. Brother and sister Pat remember them and not with us today very very much a struggle for them to get out of bed in the morning now. It's tough. So please remember them in prayer. Just trusting though as uh uh healing is coming along well for them. So just believing the Lord for their healing blessing today. Good to see each one here today. Trust the Lord's blessing on us. Anyone have a spoken request? unspoken request. There's one prayer request. Lord God, we bow our heads, Father God, and it's a sign of reverence, Lord Jesus. Acknowledging the dust from which we came that without you, we are nothing. Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; we come, Lord, just after a couple of songs. your name, Lord, asking that you would meet these needs that we bring to God. Father, &gt;&gt; various ones throughout our congregation, those that extend beyond our congregation to family and friends, Lord Jesus, our brother Dennis, Lord Jesus, the skin that had to be redone, Danny from surgery, Lord Jesus, God, &gt;&gt; those that still be on the way. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Sister Julia with that post procedure recovery. Lord God, it would touch her as well in the past. May you be with them and visit them in ministry each and every day until you see fit to bring them home. Lord God, &gt;&gt; we ask that you be with us in this service, Lord Jesus. Move amongst us, speak to us, speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus, and help us to take what we hear and apply it to our hearts. We commit ourselves in this service and all of our requests into your hands, Lord Jesus, knowing and believing that you have already set your angels out to fulfill them, Lord God. We thank the of your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we ask it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. So thank the Lord's goodness to us. Amen. Don't know what we would do without him. Saints, I don't know what I would do without him. Amen. I've said many, many times that uh if if he's not the one, then I'm in serious trouble. Amen. Because I put all my eggs in his basket. Amen. I put all my, as you call, proverbial eggs in the Jesus Christ basket. If he's not it, then I'm in bad trouble. Amen. But I don't think so. Praise the Lord. I believe I found the right basket. The Lord led us. Amen. And brought us to this place. So, I'm so thankful for that. Psalm 579. Amen. We only have the chorus in the book, but we have the verses here we'll have on the screen for you as we sing it just any day now. We'll start with the chorus here. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Just any day now. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Just any day now, our Lord is coming, he'll be returning [Music] for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. Well, each time I stop and take the time to look around me, I see the signs of his appearing everywhere. The things he said would come to pass are now before us. And I feel, oh yes, a strange excitement in the air. Hallelujah. Just in any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Oh, there's this longing in my heart for his appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials here below. For this journey has been long and I'm so weery. But Lord, somehow I feel I'm so much closer home. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning [Music] for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting [Music] just in day out his face. Oh, we sing that second verse again. Oh, there's this longing in my heart for his appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials. Hear me below. For this journey has been long and I'm so weery. But Lord, somehow I feel I'm so much closer home. Hallelujah. Oh, just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. for I've been watching and I've been waiting just in day now his face I'll see one more time just day now our Lord is coming he'll be returning for you and me. For I've been watching. Oh, and I've been waiting. Just any day. Now his face I'll see. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. How we long for that day. Praise his holy name. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, saints, aren't we just longing, looking, desperately, desiring soon and very soon. Amen. Hallelujah. Go home to be with our Lord Jesus. Just any day now. I believe that. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. Praise the Lord. Amen. Does anyone have a testimony or something on your heart today you'd like to bring? Amen. Praise the Lord. If not, we'll just stand to our feet. Go get into the word here. Amen. Just trust the Lord bless us today. Thank you, Lord Jesus. So thankful of his goodness, saints. Amen. Blessings. Looking forward anytime. anytime, saints. We'll be going home to be with him. Praise his name. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's turn over. We're going to skip um the scripture we've been normally reading. We'll just go straight over to Ephesians chapter 4 this time. Amen. Bypass the Romans 8. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4. That's where we'll start our scripture reading today. We're still on the adoption though, part 31, uh, fivefold ministry part four. Amen. So, we'll just get right to that fivefold ministry in Ephesians chapter 4. Ephesians chapter 4, we'll start we'll start about verse 11. Amen. If we could there Ephesians 4 11. Before we read, let's just bow our heads for another word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, so very thankful again, Father, of this word. Lord, this word is our lamp. It's our light. It's our compass. It's our everything. It's our all in all, Lord. It's our typost. It's our direction, God. Where would we be without it? Where would we be without you revealing it to us, Lord, and helping us see and know in this word what there is there for us to see and know, God? Oh Lord, I pray that you would bless it today. God, may your hand be upon us and strengthen us and speak to us from it. Lord, we're in great need, great desire, Father, again of you to speak to us, Lord, and to reveal yourself to us, to show yourself real, God, once again, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, bless those that have come today, God. May you keep your hand on them and strengthen them, Lord. God, just pray that you would take this vessel, Lord, and speak only what you'd have to be heard, Lord, in this place today. Lord, we're needful of your spirit. And pray that you would, Lord, let that word come forth in power and manifestation of your spirit that it'll not return void, but accomplish in each of us, Lord, that that you send it forth for. God, we just pray that you'd continue to strengthen those that weren't able to make it, Lord, those who may be streaming today. But all this Lord is given into your hands. Ask your blessings now upon the remaining part of it. Strengthen us now to the to the task at hand and uh anoint hear and hear and speaker both God that we receive this word according to your perfect will in the Holy Spirit brings it in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4 read a few verses here. Verse 11. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, that henceforth we be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried out with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men and cunning craftiness whereby they lie in weight to deceive. But speaking the truth in love may grow up into him and all things which is the head, even Christ, from whom the whole body fitly joined together, and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love. And you can be seated if you'd like. Amen. So, as I said, we're continuing on with the five-fold ministry here. And uh we're just continuing on with the generalization of ministry as a whole. Haven't gotten into the individualities of each of these offices as the five-fold ministry affords us. Uh but just talking again in generalities of the ministry uh of of of those that God has called to minister in these five offices. Amen. And recognizing the purpose of that. Remember the three-fold purpose for perfecting the saints, work of the ministry, edifying of the body of Christ. Here we all come in faith and in knowledge of God to the statue of a perfect man. Going over to Peter as we read through that statue of a perfect man and be no more children tossed to and fro. We talk about the doctrine, the things that bring faith. Amen. And faith come by hearing, hearing the word of God. But it can't be just going to uh to listen. Now, anybody that speaks the pure word of God brings faith. Amen. But when that word gets mingled in with a man idea or gets hybrided by doctrines of man, then that does not bring faith. The purity of God's word brings faith. And the ministering of that word brings faith. Amen. And anytime that word is spoken, it brings faith. Praise the Lord. Then it brings faith to not be carried about with because remember we're supposed to be established in the faith to not be carried about with every wind of doctrine. Amen. Every disturbance of doctrine. Remember uh this disturbance denotes the fact that this doctrinal teaching is something that's against the word. And it doesn't have to be wholly totally against the word. It doesn't have to be Satanism. It doesn't have to be Buddhism. It just has to be 99% word, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Because the 1% is what uh corrupts it. Amen. The 1% is what throws it off from where it should have been to begin with, which is exactly as we said, the same thing that happened in the Garden of Eden. So this this wind of doctrine denotes a disturbance. The wind denotes disturbance. Well, it it it's not a disturbance when the pure gospel is preached because the gospel is good news. And the good news is good, not disturbing. It's good. It's true. It's real. It's pure. It's helpful. It's not disturbing. It doesn't bring about anger. It doesn't bring about confusion. It brings about truth and revelation. Amen. So, if there's a disturbance, it's by that doctrine that's been handled by man and not the purity of God's word. Amen. Which we recognize this five-fold ministry is God using men just like God does for every gift that we have. Just like the this whole subject of adoption, every gift, every placement is operated by God. It's not you. Amen. It's God doing it. If you speak in tongues or if you prophesy or if you have a gift of helps or what whatever it is position that God's put you in, God gives you the ability to continue with that and to live in that and he is the one operating that gift in you. So it's him not not it's not me. It's not you. It's him doing it. Praise the Lord. So if it's if it's pure doctrine, it's God doing it. Amen. which reminds you of our uh our uh precious brother Bob Warts who didn't get to mention last week uh because we uh weren't feeling well, didn't have service. But um as you all know, brother Bob WS passed away. I hope maybe you do know if you know brother Bobby, he was the one that facilitated the Harmony in the desert for all those years. Uh he was the one that foot the bills. He took care of everything and uh got the facilities. He was the one that was the was the brainchild of it. and uh originated it and you know they just ended harmony like a year or two ago and now brother Bobby's gone to be with the Lord. Amen. So please pray for his family and those that affected of course by his family. He was loved by many including me. Uh love brother Bob very much. He respected me highly not necessarily because of me but he loved his dad so much and his dad loved to hear me preach. I hate to say that out loud but it's true. Uh so brother Bob because of his dad had a great respect for me and of course his mom too sister in AD but anyway he's gone to be with the Lord but it just made me think right after that I thought well you know they just quit having harmony and brother Bobby passes away because harmony is not harmony without brother Bob. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then I thought and then the Lord then the Lord hit me. It was God using brother Bob to do this to facilitate this harmony. Right. &gt;&gt; And when that work was finished, when God was finished with brother Bobby, God took him home. &gt;&gt; I mean, how simple can it be? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How fulfilling can it be to recognize that when God's put you in a position, God's put you in a place and when that when the fulfillment of that is done, then it's time to go home. It God took him home. It's only been it's only been over a year or two, I think. I think they they may have even had a little short condensed one last year of some kind. I'm not exactly sure, but and but it just made me think, Brother Bob found his place. He got in that place. He lived that place the best he could. And when when that time was over, God took him home. I mean, that's the way I look at it. That's the way I see it. Amen. But that wasn't him doing that. See, it makes you think, well, Brother Bob was a very good businessman. He was a very shrewd, very uh uh uh I guess you'd say fairly wealthy businessman. He owned different companies, businesses, and stuff like that. And uh his dad did too. And uh he was he was fairly wellto-do as a result of that. And you always wondered, you know, well, you know, why why would why would he be in that position and not me, you know, but brother Bob wouldn't have been able to fulfill the purpose God put him here for in my opinion, at least one of them, right? if he had not been a successful businessman like that. &gt;&gt; God put him in the position he put him in. See, I'm trying to get us to understand because after this or we'll we'll see where this goes from here, but after this is where we start getting into each individual ministry. And brother Brandham talks about each individual ministry. Uh I think I got a quote. I might not get to it today, but uh where he talks about each individual ministry and he said and a question come to him and says, "How do we know where we belong in the body of Christ?" I paraphrasing that a little bit and he says, "Well, that's an excellent question. I'm sure everybody would like to know about that." He said, "First thing I do is look at the person." And going on in the in the quote, he's talking about if a person feels like they're uh a minister, he looks at their nature. Amen. He said, "If a person's real flighty and and and and all," he said, "But and he thinks he's a pastor," he said, "A pastor is not flighty." Amen. A a pastor's settled is settled and and and strong and confirmed and stable, not flighty. See, like brother Brandham, Brother Brandham was flighty. Brother Brandham was always going. Brother God was always sending him going here, going there, want to be on the airplane, going overseas. Amen. So he he realized although he wanted to be a pastor and stay at home, which is the one thing that I guess got him, his wife and all his in trouble, he was going to stay at home and just be a pastor, but he didn't have the nature to be a pastor. So you see, my whole point in this is that God brings us from from who we are into where we should be. He equips us with what we need to be able to accomplish what he's put in our lives. And then so we can do what he sent us here for and what we've done it. And maybe when that time is over, then it's time to go home. Brother Ed Biscll just went, we've lost a lot of soldiers to the cross here the past couple years or so. Amen. But that work would be done. That work is done. And what's I've said many times, I love my family. I love the church. I love being here. I I love life. God's blessed me beyond measure. But, you know, when it comes right down to it, when God's done using me, when my purpose is complete, why why would I still be here? What's the point of my being hanging around? I mean, my I've said this before, but uh my wife even mentioned maybe it was yesterday about I've spent a lot of time my wife spent a lot of time in the past few years going to uh rest homes and hospitals and people were places where really elderly people more or less just lay around &gt;&gt; exist. They exist nothing more than existing. Their their major accomplishment on a daily basis is converting uh oxygen into carbon dioxide. That's it. And you think, why are they still here? The advancement of medicine, we keep people alive. Are we keeping people alive beyond the time when they really should have gone home? I I don't know. I'm not God. I'm not going to speculate. But sometimes it makes you wonder and I think well when when that time comes Lord you know when you're ready for me uh I'm ready. I I hope and pray that uh I we all go together in a rapture catching a wave any day now. I'm looking to fly away from here the body change and that would be wonderful. whatever way God describes for it. But God doesn't God doesn't give someone uh a calling in life without having that person with the right attitude or right nature and right position and equipped to do the job to be able to do the job. I personally may have had a tremendous desire I didn't a tremendous desire 20 years ago to have harmony in the desert. I didn't. But I what if I would? I couldn't have done it. &gt;&gt; I could have asked people, "Would you would could you contribute? Could you contribute? Could you know?" But Brother Bobby didn't have to do that. He got it on his heart and he did it &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; He paid the bills. Of course, God paid the bills because if God calls you to do it, God's going to pay the bills. &gt;&gt; God's going to take care of that. Don't worry about that. But he he equips the person first. He put him in the position to be able to do it. And when it was over, now he's gone to his reward. So, praise the Lord for that. Amen. So, we've got this five-fold ministry that is to bring and to preach the word, to edify, to build up, to bring the purity of the word, to get themselves completely out of the way and let God use them to bring that word in the position that God called them. See? Amen. Because it's God doing the calling. It's God operating the gift. If a person is truly yielded to God, you remember, you know, brother Bam said he only h actually only had one gift. You know, he said that he said, "I've only got one gift. That's to get myself completely out of the way and yield it to the Lord." That's it. That's the only gift he had. He said, "Oh my, the praying for the sick and the people that got healed and all these things that happened and the visions he had and the prophecies that went on." He said, "I had one gift. get myself out of the way. That's the greatest gift any of us can have &gt;&gt; to get ourselves completely out of the way and let God use us and let God speak through us whatever the situation whatever the calling is. That foul-fold ministry then is in that position to bring that pure word to bring a word that would that would edify and bless the bride of Jesus Christ so she's equipped with what she needs to be able to overcome the ws of the devil. the things of the world, the word of God, the purity of the word of God, to let that word go into each individual, to let that word find its vetting ground in our hearts and use us as his disciples, to use us as his vessels. Amen. That we can be the ones that are called of God. Now, I want to go over to second Timothy uh chapter 4, read a couple of verses of scripture here. Amen. Second Timothy chapter 4 and we'll just start uh Amen. Excuse me. I want to go to second Timothy chapter. Let's do chapter 2 first. Second Timothy chapter 2. Amen. Second Timothy chapter 2. We'll start with the Let's start with Let's start with the 12th verse. Amen. Second Timothy chapter 2 verse 12. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us. If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful, he cannot deny himself. of these things, put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord, that they strive not about words to no profit. You see that so much, saints, Amen. And people fight and strive and uh uh uh confliction just over words. Amen. To but it bring to no profit. See, but to the subverting of the hearer, that's the destruction. This entanglement of words and verbiage and uh and disagreements like that does does nothing but bring destruction to the hearer. That's why we only want to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit and the ministering of his pure unadulterated word. That's what brings faith. That's what brings hope. That's what brings the edification, the building up. That's what equips us. That's where we get the knowledge. where we get the uh the the strength. Amen. To be able to overcome. You can't get it when there's confusion, when there's uh a battling about back and forth with words, with uh with things that are unedifying and and bring to a subverting of the hearer, a destruction of the hearer. That's we're not here as a ministry to bring destruction to hearers. We're we're here to bring faith and hope and and uplifting and building up and encouragement, a perfecting, a place to be able to reach that that uh that stature of a perfect man. Beginning with faith, the foundation of which is faith that builds us up to that point. We're supposed to do do the edifying, not the destroying. supposed to edify, to build up, and and if if it doesn't bring that, then what of what good is it? You get plenty of destructive thoughts, destructive words, destructive actions out in the world. We sure don't need it in churches. We sure don't need it amongst ministers. We sure don't need it amongst believers. We need truth and edification. Amen. And building up. So, we strive not up Strive not, Amen. about these words that are to no profit, to the subverting, the destruction of the hearer. Study, Amen. Again, we're talking about the the the generalization of the ministry itself. study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth, rightly dividing. Amen. Now, there has to be a gift of some kind. There has to be a spirit of some kind, a Holy Spirit, a a godly spirit. There has to be God in there to be able to bring that gift to be able to rightly divide the word. If a if a man is a God- called man to carry the word of God, then God has equipped him with the gift to be able to rightly divide the word. But then there's encouragement that Peter has to Timothy telling him to to to study and show thyself approved uh unto God. a and be a workman that needeth not to be ashamed and to rightly divide the word. Now, rightly dividing, let's look what that says in the Greek. Rightly divide those those words come together to mean to cut straight. To rightly divide is to cut straight. That's not to pander or to uh uh cookie coat, sugarcoat, uh pat on the back. Is to cut that word straight. Amen. We We are a people of holiness. We live a life of holiness. We are a holy people unto the Lord. That's what the scripture says. Now I know what other churches do, what other denominations do, how they cut straight whatever they do. I know as responsibility of this tabernacle that God has instructed me to rightly divide that word and to cut straight. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; There's sin in the camp. It's time to get right. Amen. It's time to make it right. It's time to cut that word straight. To make those path straight. Amen. according to the word of God to teach the truth directly and correctly. That's not cut corners. That's not to to make it puffier better than it is. You got plenty of ministers out in the world today whose main ministry is how beautiful the grass is and how blue the sky is. I mean, that's just everything is just beautiful and great and you're all wonderful and everything's fine and you just keep on going and all is going to work out well and the sky is beautiful and you know God's prosperous and God blesses and you know it's it's it's all well and good you know and and that's that's all anybody ever gets if you listen to that kind of ministry. That's all you ever get. But what you need, what the bride needs is ministry that cuts that word straight, &gt;&gt; that preaches that word, preaches that truth directly and correctly &gt;&gt; that's to rightly divide. And the only way to do that is to have a gift. And friend, when you do that normally, you're going to have what you have here this morning, a handful. You're not normally going to have large groups of people that'll sit there and listen to a a word that's being cut straight, especially in these last days. &gt;&gt; In these last days where it's falling off left and right, one after the other, falling away from the pure word. They may not be leaving Christianity as a whole, but they're leaving the pure, unadulterated word and the message that we know to be the truth. When they leave that, then what have you got? You're not going to have large huge churches. Not normally. Amen. You might have a gathering or as brother Brandham called it, a lodge where people of like thought come together and they get up and say, "Well, it's Sunday morning and it's time to go to church." They go and sit there and they get up and they walk out and leave and go have their lunch and that's all it meant to them. You have plenty of people like that. Brother Brandham called them made believers and unbelievers, &gt;&gt; right? You do have a contingency of believers by the grace of God. Amen. And I'm thankful for God's believers, but that group is going to be the way far smaller group than the other two. I mean, you you could take them all and scrape them all together. Wouldn't even come close to either one of the other two categories of the make believe unbeliever. But when the word's being brought straight, rightly divided. Amen. To cut straight to teach the truth. Amen. People a lot of times aren't going to want to listen to it. They're not going to want to listen to how we're supposed to because we're we're holy people. How we're supposed to dress, how we're supposed to live, how we're supposed to talk, how we're supposed to conduct ourselves. Amen. How we're supposed to act, how and what way are we supposed to be as as children of God. And of course, in our humanity, I I fall I fall short of that mark a thousand times a day probably in our humanity. But that's that's the that's the goal. That's who we are. That's what we strive for. That's one in our heart we desire. We do something a little wrong that was and we realize it. God says, "I'm sorry, Lord. Amen. Didn't mean to act like that. I didn't mean to talk like that. We're a holy people. We live a holy love. We live a life of holiness unto the Lord." Amen. And it's supposed to be that way and come straight from the word to cut straight. And if it's out of line, then it needs to get back in line. When brother Bram saw that vision, the end of that line and was getting out of step, he woke up himself from the vision arise himself in the vision screaming, "Get back in line. Get back in line." Why? To write the divide to bring that word truth. He said, "I travel across." And brother, brother Ram was ready to quit. &gt;&gt; Amen. One time he did for a very short period of time because God told him said, "I didn't send you here to quit. &gt;&gt; You get back on that field." Amen. But anyway, he did quit for a short period of time. He said, "I travel back and cross across this nation." He said, "Every time I go across this city and this city, next time I come back, it's worse than it was when I was there the first time." Amen. Recognize it's going to be that way. Unfortunately, it's going to be that way because we are the end times. Amen. Broad is the gate. Many find that. But narrow narrow is the way to truth. narrow is the way to righteousness. Amen. And we must maintain and and keep ourselves holy and pure before the Lord. Amen. As God brings it and a minister of God is going to preach that word to bring that uh into play to understand. Now look, Paul starts talking about uh he starts actually naming names here. Now he says uh don't need don't be ashamed to rightly divide the word of truth. Amen. may run people off, but you rightly divide the truth. You preach that truth. Amen. Your reward will be in heaven. But now 16th verse, he said, "But shun profane and fain uh and vain babblings, for they will increase unto ungodliness." And we've not witnessed that. You see, as it starts and it gets worse, it gets worse. It gets worse. Amen. Um you you see I I can see even with the guys at work sometimes and they'll a little conversation seems somewhat innocent. But then the next one adds a little more to it and a little more to it and it just gets worse and worse. Amen. It just becomes vain babblings, ungodly verbiage. Amen. Profane vain babblings. For they will increase unto more ungodliness and their word. And that that also includes uh a hybridation of the word. Amen. A hybridation of the word is vain babings. If you bring a man's idea or a church's denomination's doctrine idea or something that's vain babblings and it leads to nothing more than just ungodliness. You see it out in the world today. So many people that think they're Christians uh that that that profess Christianity wear garments and stuff that that say they believe in Jesus and the third word out of their mouth is a cuss word. But they think they believe who they are. But all it does is lead to worse and worse and worse. You get into the Catholic Church and my goodness, people just think they can do whatever they want. It doesn't matter because they're going to do penance for them anyway and buy themselves out of purgatory and whatever whatever the denomination the priest does to bring them forth out of there. And I don't know how many times even in e even recently in the passing of Charlie Kirk, the assassination of Charlie Cook, I heard so many people talk about pray for Charlie Kirk. Pray for a man who's dead. Charlie Kirk has met his maker. He He He has He's finished his race. He's done. There's no There's no reason to pray for someone that's gone beyond. They're done. Their race is over. Their fate is sealed. Period. But there's a there's a there's an outlying belief out there and it comes from Catholicism that you know you pray for a soul that's gone on somehow your prayers will take them out of hell and put them into as they call the pearly gates you know make everything right. Your prayers will take them out of purgatory or wherever they are not even the scriptural word hell what and throw them right in before the pearly gates. First of all nobody goes to hell until after the white throne judgement. Great. Another thing they know they just don't understand. &gt;&gt; Amen. They don't get, don't believe. But what does it do? It just leads to more and more ungodliness, more and more lack of truth of God's word. Anyway, let's just continue on because brother Paul's he's getting ready to call names here. We we don't do that today, but he didn't hold back. He says, "But shun profane and vain battlings for they will increase under more godliness." And you see that even people who profane Christianity, godliness, ungodliness, and their word will eat as doth a canker of whom he says, Himenius and Felitus are two of the men who are doing this. He calls them by name. Amen. Now, of course, uh I I know when brother Brandham uh left Tucson and was headed back to Jeffersonville, he was going to preach the trail of the serpent. He tells it on tape. He's going to preach the trail of the serpent. He had the notes. He was going to call names. He never got to that place, but he said he was going to call names. Amen. Didn't get that chance. didn't do it. But Paul never shunned from it. He called two names right here. These these two men preach a word that is a canker to your soul that will kill you, that will destroy you, that will lead to ungodliness. Why? Who concerning the truth have erred saying that the resurrection is passed already and overthrow the faith of some. Do you see that repeating itself even today? I have met and know people that themselves say that we are living in the millennium. I say if this is the millennium, kill me now. Th this is the millennium then I have been sorely deceived and disappointed. There's nothing millennious like to this age according to the scripture. Nothing. The resurrection's passed already. And what they do, they take the word 20 years ago and said it was like this. It's got to be now. It's got to be here. This has already happened. He's already come forth. And and when they do that 10 years later, what do they say? Well, you said 10 years ago. It's kind of like, excuse me, but I don't mean to get political, but it's kind of like the climate change. You know, the earth was supposed to been over what, 20 years ago? 25 years, I think. Gore told us like 40 years ago that that the earth was only going to last 10 more years if we keep going the way we're going. People tell us 10 years ago, "Oh, this we're we're going to be we're going to be nothing in 10 years." But see, what do those people do when that 10 years is over? We're here and nothing's changed, right? Oh, well then they they they change what it went from global warming to climate change now. So that includes hot and cold. So it can be extreme. and they say, "Well, it hasn't been this way in a hundred years." So, what you're telling me is it has been this way before. This is not unprecedented. In other words, which they want to make you believe, which is the same thing these people do when they try to take the word and and make it into a man-made dogma. And and well, when that when that time is up, it's like this guy the other day. I don't know who it was, but well, the coming of the Lord is this day or this day. I said, well, first of all, if you have something that prophetically correct, you should know what day. You shouldn't guess. But what happens when those two days pass? You never heard you never hear anything else about it. That man should be brought before a true man of God in the church of the Lord and had that evil spirit prayed off of him because he's a devil. Because you don't speak in the name of the Lord a lie, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You speak in the name of the Lord, it better be God and it better be the truth or you're a devil and you need to have that evil spirit prayed off of you. &gt;&gt; But what happened after those days? Nothing happened. Amen. Nothing changed. He's still here. Bride's still here. I'm still here cuz I'm still here. So what happened? So they got to change to say, "Well, well now, uh, well, the resurrection had to already have happened. We we have to be living. This has got to be the millennium." Oh my, talk about a destruction to the hearer. But those people are out there. But the good part is the bride, she cannot be deceived. Oh, there'll be people follow that. Amen. But the bride cannot be deceived. And that's the good part because if we're bride and we belong to God's kingdom, then we cannot be deceived. No matter what of this comes up, no matter if we have and dare I'll say those himeniuses and felitas today that we have here in this country, in this world that do the same thing. I saw a video a couple years ago of a man overseas. He was out in front of a whole bunch of people preaching and talking about how we should be baptizing in the name of William Mary and Brandham. And I I forgot what it only got to. It's been a couple years ago. And he got and and he said something that was blasphemous and entered into being baptized in William Brandham again and God struck him dead right there. Saw it. Hit the ground as hard as he could hit. dead as a doornob. Something was coming out of his mouth. I don't know what it was, but the man, God struck him dead right there. Now, why he did him, not others, I don't know, but I I saw the video myself, and this was years ago. I I don't This was this was before AI became a popular thing or something that people talked about or used often. So, I don't believe it was some kind of deep fake that I saw. And but you understand God's going to protect his children. God's going to protect his word or whatever he's got to do, he'll do it. Amen. Now, he lets some that keep going. Paul didn't I guarantee you Paul didn't stop Himenius or Felitus from this. He didn't stop them. They kept on doing and bringing about their same dogma. Amen. But but Paul's warning them and letting the true bride know, these people are false. These people are liars. We bring the truth of God's word and we had the facts. We had the we had the evidence to back it up. Brother Bram did the same thing. He got challenged at one time in the meeting. The Lord showed him, "They're going to challenge you about baptism." He went in that meeting and they called him up. He says, "I know why we're all here." And he and another brother he had told the whole scenario about he said you listen to him because he told me exactly how this is going to be where we were going to be and how we were going to be sitting. He said you better listen to him. Brother Ram says now he took his Bible said now I want you to come and show me right now. Show me. Come up here and stand up. Show me where I'm wrong in the scripture. He said not a one of them come up there. He said after the meeting people came to him and talked about coming to the tabernacle and the Bram tabernacle and get baptized and everything and going to baptize their church. He said not a one of them showed up. Meal ticket compromise whatever the fact a true a true man of God minister of God will rightly divide that word and bring it straight. Amen. Not to overthrow the faith, but to bring faith, to increase faith, to encourage faith. Let me read this. I'm going to close here in just a minute. Amen. Let me read this. Israel and the church, but Jesus was here on earth, he was God. He was Emmanuel. God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. He never used any of his great gifts. Now, look at this and think of this for just a moment. Help this encourage you to today because we'll probably have to finish this um week after next uh I'll announce in a few minutes, but I announced before you all probably remember brother Nel Johnson supposed to be with us next Sunday. So maybe the Sunday after that, the Lord willing. He said, but but now look at this. Let this encourage you. He said, "Now Jesus came, God incarnate." I just say it that way. He never used any of his great gifts. When he met Satan, he said, "It is written." Well, what what was that to do for us? That was to encourage us. That was to let us know, how do you defeat him? It is written. How do you defeat Satan? By the word. Amen. Not just not just Jesus when he was here, God incarnate. Amen. Who who am I looking at this morning? Once you understand that about yourself, don't let the devil defeat you be your by your shortcomings. You got to recognize if you're a bornag again Christian filled with the Holy Ghost, you have God living in you. Not the same office as Jesus obviously, but you have God living in you, leading you, guiding you, showing you, helping you, shaping you. calling you to his word, calling you to this ministry, the the the adoption, whatever that is in your life. He's calling that to you to understand when the devil comes, how do we defeat him? The same way Jesus did. He didn't use some great power and cast him into a frog. When Satan came to him on Mount Temptation, he said, "Thou art to flee." No, he just said, "It is written. the same thing that we do, the same ammunition that we have that we use to defeat the devil. It's the same thing. Now, you got to it's got to come with the same authority. You got to know who you are. Jesus knew who he was. You need to know, we need to know who we are in Christ to be able to operate. This is the is it's the life behind the name that makes the devil the demon tremble. Amen. He said, "Now he just said, it is written, man shall not live by bread alone." It's written, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." He defeated him. That's it. Know the scripture. We must know the scripture, be able to use it. Now, Satan came on the third attempt and used the word to try to defeat Jesus with, but he didn't rightly divide the word. Satan didn't rightly divide the word. He didn't bring the word straight. He misused, misplaced the word that God had already given. So, when Jesus heard that, he corrected the error with the word. Amen. Not his knowledge, not his intellect, not his experience or what he's been through. No, with the word. That's why brother Bram said you must know the word. Otherwise, you can be defeated by when Satan came to Eve in the Garden of Eden. What did Satan come to Eve in the Garden of Eden with? The word. He just twisted one little thing. What did he come with to Jesus with? He didn't even twist one little thing when he came to Jesus with the word. He just misplaced it. He put it outside of the character God had spoke it in. You see so many times of that today. Amen. People taking out of character and uh whatever else and misrepresenting the Satan just misrepresented the word. He didn't rightly divide the word. And because he didn't, he brought the word in error. But notice when Jesus came back with him, he came back with the word to correct the word the to correct this the word that Satan had given the word. Jesus came and brought the word to place the word that Satan had brought back where it should be placed to rightly divide. Anybody can get up and talk about the word or read the scripture. But it takes a godgiven gift of God's word and his ministry and the Holy Spirit to rightly divide that word to bring that word in the truth and the power and the and the correctness that God gives. Now to be able to defeat the devil, the word you must know the word. You must become the word. You must speak the word rightfully dividing placing that word where it belongs. He said now Satan knows it too. Satan knows the word too. But you've got to know how to rightly divide the word of God. To know that is to be able to put that word in its proper context, proper place that God when that when that word comes forth, then God answers. God doesn't come forth with a cankered word or with a word that's been hybrided or a word that's been uh changed or misplaced or misrepresented. He comes when that pure word is spoken in the in the power and manifestation of his spirit. And that's what defeats the devil. Amen. You can say, "Get thee behind me, Satan, all you want." But if you're in the situation as that vagabond you was in the scripture, that devil doesn't have to move an inch. &gt;&gt; That devil jumped on that man and he ran out of that house wounded and naked. I come to you in the name of Jesus whom Paul preached. You mean you don't have your own Jesus? You've got to bring the one that Paul preached. You got to have your own. &gt;&gt; You got to have Jesus for yourself. You've got to have your own personal experience, your own personal revelation. Your own personal indwelling. When that's there, Satan must go. He has no choice. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's let that uh word to recognize the the rightly dividing of that word through the ministry bring us to that place. I got one more I want to get into next time. It's a little too much for what we have left today. So, Lord willing, we'll just uh pick up where we left off here. Um wi with the general u ministry itself. Amen. the the the ministry that God's give. Amen. So, let's stand if we could. We'll stop right there and recognize and the one last thing here I was hoping to make sure we all got especially through that last quote was to understand the gift that God's given you. Amen. Because we're truthfully by the scripture, we're all kings and priests. But to be able to rightly divide the word yourself. Amen. Ministry brings that rightly divided word to a congregation, to a group of people. But you must in your own life understand and be able to rightly divide that word. There's no man there's no man ever lived that's been able to preach this entire Bible. It's not possible. And all the revel brother I listen the other day. Brother Ram was on a subject and he and he read one sentence and he said, "Now see from that one sentence he said a minister would go every single night and barely even touch that one subject every night for a month and barely touch from that one sentence. You think a man could take the entire scripture in a lifetime? Not possible. But it is possible for you to take the word and for you to read it and for you to ingest it and for you to for it become a revelation to your heart and to your life." Amen. And for you to be able to rightly divide that. Amen. Some places you get you maybe not quite understand. That's okay. God never said it or stand it. He said, "Believe it. Put it on the shelf. Set it aside. Don't Don't stress over it. Set it aside. God will reveal it to you. When it comes your time to know it, God will reveal it to you. God will show it to you. Help you understand. Amen. Because that's the kind of God he is. And if not, we'll know better more on the other side. Praise the Lord. Where it does matter the most. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing this course again before we go. Amen. Just any day now. I really like this song. I think it has great words and melody to it. It's easy to sing and it's a beautiful song. Let's just sing just the chorus part. Amen. Before we go now, &gt;&gt; just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning [Music] for you and me. For I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. Oh hallelujah again. Now just any day now our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. For I've been watching and I've been waiting. [Music] Just any day now, his face I'll see. Oh, can we sing it one more time to him now? Just any day now our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting [Music] just any day now his face I'll see. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I believe that saints. &gt;&gt; I believe just any day now the Lord's coming to take us home to be with him. Praise the Lord. Oh, what a wonderful time it'll be. So shall we ever be with the Lord. I just have never felt &gt;&gt; such a pull. Like I just like I pull almost every day a pull on me. It it just it just keeps coming back and keeps reverberating in my spirit all the time. It just can't be much longer. Amen. However much time, let's just stay straight with the Lord. Amen. Let God continue to speak to us. his word continue to mold us and make us how he'd have us to be. Praise the Lord. Amen. God richly bless you. Uh apologize for the early service today again. Um my flight leaves at before 1:00. So um but I'm going to Michigan this week. So appreciate your prayers for that. The flight Lord would just bless that. Amen. Uh remember next week, brother N. Johnson, I got a text from him last night. Him and sister Shirley are in town. Uh they're staying with his brother L and sister-in-law Heather across the street over here. Actually, they just live right here on Jenn Mattis. But anyway, they're in town supposed to be with us next Sunday. So, I hope everybody's able to is able uh can be with us next week. So, please and be in prayer for that as well. Just trust that the Lord has something that brother for brother null that we need. Amen. That speaks to us. So God richly bless you today. We'll be dismissed in prayer. Please continue. Remember all the other prayer requests. Amen. People not with us being able to be with us today. So anyone else have anything before? Yes. Praise the Lord. Absolutely. Anybody else? If you didn't hear, Sister Anna, she wanted to pray uh the Lord for her hours at work and more service and the time. So we just pray the Lord just have away with that. Amen. &gt;&gt; I've seen him do it before. &gt;&gt; No reason won't do it this time. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember Sister Judy tomorrow. Let's bow our heads. We close out our service today. Lord Jesus, so very thankful again, Father, this wonderful service you give us this wonderful time. So thankful of your hand in our life, Lord, leading and guiding us and blessing us along the way. Lord, we thank you for your presence, Lord, and feeling and knowing that you're near and close and here with us, Lord, to lead us and guide us. Lord, may you just continue to bless us and keep us safe in your protective care as we go from this place, Lord, but not from your presence. Lord, keep us and help us. Grant everyone traveling mercies on the road now. We commit ourselves to you. Bless those who were sick and body. Help them continue to strengthen and touch and heal them, Lord. Bring them back the next appointed time. We give you thanks and praise for all that you do in Jesus Christ's name.
