################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-24 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3232025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-24
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3/23/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmVylc84FQQ
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3/23/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Are you sure? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. Oh. [Music] We have heard the message. Shalom and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the veil. So rest, little bright rest, for all is well. Yes, all is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. Well, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest, little bride, rest, for all is well. Can we stand and sing it one more time? All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. soul rest. Let her bride rest for all is well. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Old saints, we just enter in behind that veil. Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord. There's life behind that veil. Yes. Amen. We can just stand in that presence. Let it bask us. Amen. In that presence. Know that all is well. Praise the Lord. You know that all is well when you're in the presence of the Lord. So many times we get out on our own though and we question whether it is. But we still know that all things work together for our good. Amen. Amen. Even if we mess stuff up, God still always brings it around to work for our good. Amen. And we're so thankful. May God bless you. Welcome to House of the Lord. Reach in the name of the Lord Jesus. Today we'll just enter into prayer into the worship of our service today. So let's just bow our heads if we could. Lord Jesus, very thankful again, Lord. Grace and mercy, your love, your blessings, Lord, seeing us through another week, bringing us to this place once again today, Lord. Thanking you, God, for the many blessings you've given us, Lord, through life and through this past week. And Lord, entering into this service, Lord, today to worship you, to praise you, to glorify you, Lord, to learn of you, to expect you, God, to visit with us once again today, to move upon every heart and every life, and to bless us as with exceeding blessings, Lord, that we receive from you. God, may you speak to us from your word, Lord. And may you, God, get the uh praise, glory, and honor for all that is sent and done today. Yes. As we commit this service into your hands, we ask these blessings in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. And you can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Turn over with me to song number 317. If you have the book, if you're home, 317, we'll have it on the screen. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. And how many wants to say yes to him and all that he leads us and guides us to do. Praise the Lord. Sometimes it might not be easy. Might not be the easiest road, but we know it'll be the best road. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To thy will and to thy way. I'll say yes, Lord, yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart. I will be and my answer will be yes Lord yes. Amen. Yes. I'll say yes Lord yes to thy will and to thy way. I'll say yes Lord yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart. I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To thy will and to thy way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. One more time now. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To thy will and to thy way. I'll say yes, Lord, yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me. With my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. Praise God. Whatever it is, whatever you ask, whatever you say, yes, Lord. Amen. regardless of if I even know what it is now or not. Yes, Lord Jesus. Why do we say yes? Amen. Because of song number 377. Amen. We have it on the screen. 377. I'll say yes, Lord, because the Lord knows the way. Amen. Praise God. What better way, Amen. to know? You know, this is probably a crude analogy, but uh uh you know, when they play golf, they have a caddy and they have somebody carries their clubs around. A lot of people don't know golf realize a caddy does a lot more than just carry clubs. The caddy has to get the landscape of the land. And say if the ball goes here, how far is it to here? And uh if the ball lands at this part of the green, is the ball going to go this way toward the hole or that way toward the hole? Is it going to go fast? is going to go slow. Amen. He is responsible for knowing the way. He is responsible for the one to say, "Okay, you need to use this here because you go." So, see, when the Lord knows the way, all we have to do is say, "Yes." Amen. Praise the Lord. It's so glad to know that the God we serve already knows the way. Amen. We may not know what tomorrow holds, but he does. Praise the Lord. 377. Let's sing it. Amen. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Strength for today is final way. And all that I need for tomorrow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Spring for today is my way and all that I need for tomorrow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Yes, my Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Praying for today is mine always. And all that I need for tomorrow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way. Amen. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Strength for today is mine always. And all that I need for tomorrow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is Oh, can we sing it one more time? My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Strength for today is final way. And all that I need for tomorrow. My Lord knows the way through the wilderness. All I have to do is follow. Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. I will follow you. Hallelujah. That's all we have to do, saints. Amen. Just follow him. Say yes wherever he leads us. Amen. It'll be according to his perfect will for our good. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Number uh Psalm number 392 in the book. Psalm number 392. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank God I am free. Hallelujah. So thankful to God that I am free. Those who he has made free is free indeed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it to him now. Amen. For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. In sin I sank, Lord. Well, then I heard about Jesus. Amen. Oh, what a wonderful hour. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he can bring me up to his saving power. Well, thank God I am free. Free free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm save by wonderful grace. Well, I'm glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Well, like a bird out of prison. Hallelujah. That is singing it fly. Like a blind man that God gave back his son. like a poor wretched [Music] beggar has found fortune and fame. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy day. Well, thank God I am free. Free free from this world of sin. Hallelujah. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus and [Applause] forgive. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Well, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Sing by his wonderful grace. I'm glad that I found out he can bring me out and show me the way. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, aren't you glad you're free today? Praise the Lord God. Amen. Oh, saints. I spend a whole work week with a crew of guys that are just bound. They are so bound. I try so hard to set them free. Amen. Maybe one day. Never know. There's always a reason why the Lord does things. Amen. But I look around, I say, "Oh, they're just so bound. They don't know it." That's the worst part about it. That's the worst part about Le Oysia. Yes. Brother says, "They're poor, miserable, blind, wretched, naked, but they don't know it." That's the worst part. Yes. Oh my. If you're out in the street, you know you're naked, you can put some clothes on. You know, if you if you uh you don't know something, you might can go learn it. Amen. But if you don't know, you don't know, right? It's a miserable state. All saints, we can be so cynical about it. Amen. But you know, poor people out there just don't know. They're just blind. Amen. Oh, God. Have mercy, Lord. Amen. It's by his grace that we can only only by his grace that we can stand today and be called and as one of his. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So glad I am free. Amen. Thank you, Lord. We'll go to the Lord in prayer now. Take up any prayer requests. I do not have any prayer requests. Uh I haven't gotten I know we don't have uh very many people here yet. The kids are uh in Sunday school, but u I haven't gotten any prayer requests except for Sister Julie. Uh she her ride got messed up somehow, so she wasn't able to make it. She still doesn't have her license yet. Um she's supposed to know from the doctor Tuesday or Wednesday about the results of the EEG. And prayerfully, we're believing that they're going to be good, positive results, and then she can get her license back. So, uh uh it's been a real hindrance to her in many ways. Number one is coming to church and then getting a job. So, we're just praying the Lord would just help her and bless her and being able to get her license back. Amen. Yes, sister. Sister Karen text us last night about her. Yes. Sister Karen, of course. Exactly. Yes. Sorry about that. K. Sister Karen is not here because she's not feeling well. My wife told me that yesterday on the way home from the airport. Pardon me. Thank you for mentioning it. It slipped my mind. Sister Karen is not feeling well uh today. So, let's please remember her in prayer. I imagine most of you u got that text. I wish we would delete that. My mistake to send that out to her because now that that's out there. I can't change it. So, anytime anybody posts in that thread, everybody will get it. So, my apologies. Uh delete it. Hopefully it won't happen again, but you probably all got it. Sister Karen, see, please remember her in prayer. Did get good news last week. Sister Lydia's uh test came back uh as she said negative. All is good uh in the negative context. So very thankful for that that sister Lydia is doing well by the grace of God and just trusting strength back day by day and hope to see her very soon. So amen. remember that in prayer as well. Uh I did not uh I I I've heard from Sister Matise uh but I uh she didn't say she wasn't going to be here today, but let's please remember her in prayer as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else have spoken requests, brother Dennis? Yes, it'll be this Wednesday. Uh Leah will have surgery to have her gallbladder removed. She is still having problems. Even yesterday, she can hardly eat just upsets her stomach and just so hard on her. So, let's remember her. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's remember it's Wednesday. Does she have a time yet? Wednesday. She has to be at the hospital, Northwest Hospital on 9:00. Her surgery is scheduled for 11. Remember her. Also remember me and my wife will be traveling this week. going out of town for a little uh I guess RNR you'd say little rest relaxation just getting away just the two of us for a few days. So we'll be back Friday night late. So we're leaving Tuesday morning at 6:00 a.m. We'll be back late Friday night uh 10 something p.m. So appreciate your prayers for that too. Amen. Sorry brother. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Anyone else? Yeah. Yes. Uh I know we've been praying for my friend Ron this week. He had a real bad setback. He was in ICU, but with the grace of God and our prayers, he's out of ICU now. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Heard they released the Pope yesterday. Amen. We're not Catholic, but we do know the spiritual significance of that situation. So, amen. Let's all stand to our feet if we could. Amen. I believe we all have unspoken requests in our hearts. We always have those things. We just lift before the Lord in our hearts. Amen. And just trust the Lord on those requests. Brother Dennis, would you take us for us? Lord Jesus, it's an honor and privilege to be once again in your house of worship. Lord Jesus, your house of prayer. A time to refresh our spirits by the hearing of your word. Amen. Lord, knowing that faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. What speaks to my heart as you should carry, Father, the devil's fighting us harder than ever. my worldliness can creep so easy in our lives. Yes, God. Where we'll get away from your word, not recognizing it, Father. We all be identified with uh things of the world and and dressing like the world and speaking like the world and acting like the world. Oh, Father, I heard your prophet in in the message that his worst enemy was William Brandom. How much more can we put our names right there? My worst enemy is Dennis Katie. Lord, get us out of the way. Let us be a bride that is pleasing, that is walking in step with your word, Father. Yes, Lord. Oh, Lord, as the word says, let us endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. Amen. And father don't let us in any way compromise. It's your life in us that gives us a victory to become a real uh Christian. Father, I just heard just this morning how your prophet said as our pastors even been teaching all through the ages the word got lost. And then it started with justification, sanctification, restoring of the gifts. And now the bride age is where you the fullness of Jesus Christ can appear in his body and father. Amen. Oh, that's what we strive for. Jesus, get us out of the way. There are needs. There are precious people in our body that need a touch from you. Yes, Lord. Yes. We cannot even begin to have compassion to pray one for another if your love is not working, your life is not totally having control in our lives. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord. Amen. We want to remember Sister Karen who's been feeling sick, that she might have a cold flu. Whatever she's going through, we know it's a lie of the devil. Amen. We rebuke you, Satan. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You have no hold on God's property. And when we claim victory for our sister and Lord, for my wife, she's been having stomach problems all for weeks now. And she'll be having her surgery this Wednesday to have her gallbladder removed. Oh Lord, may you come on the scene and guide the surgeon's hands. Lord, may all go well for for your honor and for your glory. And I know the hour's late. Father, I've been praying since I've known her for almost 21 years that she'll see the light of your word for this day. But Lord, there's so many are are so deceived. They think, well, the Baptists, they're they're good. They're they have truth. The Catholics, they have truth. The uh Calvary people, they have truth, but there's only one truth. It's in the revealed word for this a hour. You don't have two gospels. You don't have two Holy Spirits. Your Holy Spirit is with your word for this day. But may it become a greater revelation in our hearts to want to please you, line up to your word, obey your word, father. And all the unspoken prayer requests, Lord, you know their their desires, their needs. May you meet their needs according to your riches and glory. Oh, Father, and our sister Julie's been struggling with um trying to get her license. And Lord, may you work it out. It'll be a good report this Tuesday, Wednesday, whenever she receives the news that you have come on the scene that she gets her license back. Father, bless our our pastor and his wife Sonia. Lord, as they travel, they have a time of rest and and and Lord, meditation and getting away from the things of the of the responsibilities at home. Lord bless this trip for them and gr grant them traveling mercies and bl Lord bless our pastor as he brings forth your word. That's the main purpose we're here not to see one another or be seen of one another but to hear from you father. Oh knowing uh we are here to receive the bread of life in your name we pray father the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So thank for the Lord's mercy and grace. Amen. And his mighty hand upon us. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this uh one more song. We got little treat today. Amen. I'm looking forward to having the children come and sing for us today. before they come. Amen. We're going to song sing song number 369. Amen. 369. Praise the Lord. Are they ready? Do that now. They're ready. They can go ahead. Go ahead. We'll have them go ahead and sing for us. Amen. Amen. Bless Jesus. Ephesians 6:108. The armor of God. Finally, be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power. Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. Yes. Praise the Lord. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world, against the spiritual forces of evil and the heavenly realms. Therefore, put on the full armor of God so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground. And done everything to stand. Amen. Stand firm then with the belt of truth buckled around your waist with the breastplate of righteousness in place and with your feet with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace. Amen. Addition to all this, take up the shield of faith with which you can extinguish all the fling arrows of the evil. Take the helmet of salvation and the spirit which is the word of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. And pray in the spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. [Music] I may never infantry riding the calvary. Shoot the artillery. I may never. But I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes sir. I may shoot the artillery. I may [Music] never in the Lord's army. Yes sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes sir. I may never march in the infantry shoot the artillery. I may never for the enemy. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. Amen. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I [Music] may ride in the shoot. I may never enmy, but I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Beautiful. Amen. Praise the Lord. How can you follow that? I don't think I can. I'm not even sure if I can sing now. Amen. That's so beautiful. My I love the little children being able to sing like that. Yes. Amen. And worship the Lord. It just touches my heart. Amen. I so appreciate u all the efforts that go and art bringing the children in and uh Tabitha working to teach them just means so much. Amen. I appreciate that so much. Amen. Praise the Lord. That was beautiful. I like that. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll just go ahead and go to the scripture now. Amen. Maybe we'll uh sing the last song I had. We'll sing it after after we get done with service. Amen. But we're going to turn uh if we can stand and turn in the scripture to u Acts chapter 2 again. Sort of where we left off last week. Uh I said we were just going to try to uh hit that just for a moment. U and pick up there this week. So Lord willing, that's what we plan to do is start back where we left off. Acts chapter 2. Uh read the first few verses of scripture here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Acts chapter 2. Uh we're going to read the first few verses of scripture here. Amen. But before we do, could we just bow our heads for another word of prayer? Lord Jesus, we're so very thankful again, Lord. God, to see you moving in all of our lives. Lord, I just and so reminded Lord of the scripture that says to train them up the way they should go and Lord the little children and Art and Shri and Zach and Tabitha bringing their children Lord and just starting another generation and raising them in the nurture and admonition of God. We don't know how much longer we have here Lord. We don't know how much more time we've got. We don't know how many more generations may or may not rise up. But Lord, as each one does, we just commit them to you. We dedicate them to you. We consecrate them to you. Raise them. The parents raise them in the nurture and admonition of God. And just see the results, Lord, of the children being raised in church and being raised with godly parents and being raised with uh scriptural principles. Lord, it just means so much. It just touches my heart so much, Lord, when I see so much wicked on the world today. And when I see so many kids, these kids age out in the world and just living all kinds of lives and the parents and the way things are, Lord, it just saddens me when I see something like that. It just it just renews my faith. It renews my joy. It gives me strength, Lord. And I I I appreciate, Lord, so much, God, the effort that's been done here, Lord. We just pray God now Lord that your Holy Spirit would take complete control Lord and the remaining part of this service Lord the ministering of your word trusting and believing God it's according to your perfect will and purpose in all of our lives Lord we rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt hinder infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory honor and praise for all that is said and done for we're here Lord to learn of you. We're here for you to speak to us. We're here for you, Lord, to have preeminence in all of our lives, God. And may you do that now. Preeminence in these lips, preeminence in our ears, Lord. Let this word, God, just anchor into our souls, Lord. And help us to grow in you and to become more like you, Father. Yes. We desire, Lord, nothing more than to than for the world to see us, see you in us, God. So may you grant it today. and we commit it to you and pray your holy spirit would have preeminence once again now Lord as we relinquish ourselves our ideas thoughts opinions feelings our physical be being to you that you have your way in it we just thank you father for it in the name of the lord Jesus Christ we pray amen amen praise the lord Jesus chapter 2 amen we'll begin with just verse one chapter 2 verse One, when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. There appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance. And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men out of every nation under heaven. Now when these this was noised abroad, the multitude came together where they uh and were confounded because that every man heard them speak in their own language. You can be seated if you'd like. So we left off last week. Amen. kind of finished up with that uh uh with the last part of the maturity that we had gone through and realizing that that maturity from the Old Testament was a type and shadow of the fulfillment of the New Testament where Jesus Christ was to come and live, give his life and die and come back upon the people again. As we see here on the day of Pentecost, the promise of the word was fulfilled when uh Jesus Christ came back in the form of the Holy Spirit. God Almighty himself in the form of a Holy Spirit, not a third person, but God Almighty himself coming in the form of the Holy Spirit lighting upon every one of them and filling them all with the Holy Ghost. It was the promise that God had gained. It was a promise. And so many times we look at promises that God gives us today and we look and see things maybe far off in the future or something. But this promise that God gave, of course, when it was given hundreds or thousands of years before, amen, it did take a while for it to come to its place. But we know that us living in the day that we live, that there's nothing that is to be left that that will not be fulfilled in this day. This is the time. This is the hour that we live. This is the finalization of the world's history. Yes. So, we're looking back and recognizing what God said he was going to do, then what God actually did, which is exactly what he said he would do. Now, many people would interpret it one way, which is the exact same thing people do today. People try to interpret the scripture and they try to say that uh the scripture means this or it means that or I saw a vision or I have a prophecy or something. trying to make those things fulfilled and work out the way they were. Let God is going to interpret his word by bringing it to pass. Amen. If we just let God let let him have his way and let God move upon it and recognize that God was anything that we were to know, God was going to bring through that last seventh angel prophet messenger that we would have need of to bring us to a place of rapturing faith. Right? And if rapturing faith lies in the message in the message of William Brandham, if rapturing faith, if I want to go on a rapture and rapturing faith lies in that message, why do I bother myself with anything else? Right? Amen. I mean, there might be some truths that people have or something. I don't know. But all I know is that rapturing faith lies in the message. And that's where I want my attention and my focus to be on is in that message. I'm not looking to anything else. I'm not wanting anything else. I'm not trying to seek out anything else. All I want is what God told me through that prophet and what God reveals to each of us. What God reveal reveals to me today. And if God reveals it and if we feel like God's revealed it, if it doesn't match up to this word, if it doesn't match up to the scripture, I'm sorry, but God did not reveal that. Right. Amen. Right. That was something that came from the enemy. But God will only bring to us what is according to his word, what is according to his scripture. And we know now in that maturity as we moved on, this will be adoption part nine. This is the bride part one. So we've moved on from the maturity into the bride. Praise the Lord. Because she's no longer a child. She's the bride of Jesus Christ. She's his wife now. She's a grown adult. So, it moved on into the bride. And as a and as it was come to coming to its maturity, it was coming to its place of that when this church was to be born as it was in the type as we showed and as we spoke a little bit last Sunday, Jesus Christ came in the promise that he gave through the form of the Holy Ghost waving over the people the first fruits that was to that was to make that promise that was to come to maturity. Jesus Christ was the first one to meet the promise that the that death, hell, and the grave could not hold him. Death, hell, and the grave could not hold Jesus. If death, hell, and the grave could not hold Jesus, then what about those that are in Jesus Christ? If we are in Jesus Christ and death could not hold him, then it cannot hold those who are in him. Praise the Lord. Well, if we claim to be in him, if we are a part of that body, then we can claim the exact same thing because it was waved over us. Praise the Lord. They we had it here the day of Pentecost. Obviously, we we we weren't physically there, but as God did it to them, he did it to us. If they were in him and we are in him, it's the same thing. He waved it over them. He waved it over everyone that was to be in him down through the ages, down through the church ages, down through the generations and times. It was waved over all of them as an example. The first ones that was to be raised from the dead, the first ones that was to come to maturity, the first ones. That was the example that we are to follow. Amen. And as he waved over them, he showed that Holy Spirit came upon them. and not just upon them, but the Holy Spirit went into them and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. They were all filled. And as they got filled with the Holy Spirit, God began to manifest those gifts in their lives as a part of the bride. As they as it manifested in their lives, it says they begin to all speak with new tongues. people came around and were confounded because there h how could this one speak in in in our tongue? We know he's not from he's not a part of our lineage. He's not a part of our our heritage or our our group. How could he be speaking this? We're listening to him speak and he's not even one that is from our group, from our home or from our uh uh language, from our heritage. How could he be doing this? Because it's the Holy Spirit. That's why Peter had to speak up and say they are not drunk as you suppose. But this is what Joel said that he would pour out his spirit upon all flesh. Amen. He waved over them in the form of the Holy Spirit. He breathed on them in the form of the Holy Spirit and has showed to them that it was Jesus Christ manifesting himself once again to his people. He does the same thing for us. We know as as it was. So as we progress through this uh uh study of the bride which will be a few parts here. As we progress through this this body this this study of the birth of the church the birth of the of the body of Jesus Christ of the birth of the wife of Jesus Christ. Uh it it it brings us to an understanding of of God working himself through the scripture from Genesis to Revelation, revealing himself to us, giving himself to us, showing himself to us, letting us be able to be a part of that life, us be able to be a part of that of that light that that that he brought upon us. Amen. We're a part of that. Praise the Lord. As God gave us, the Holy Spirit was fully come. Now, look, Brother Aram said, the the first corn of wheat, the bridegroom, had to fall into the earth in order to rise again. Now, let's go over to St. John. Let's look at the scripture on that real quick. I'm no hurry uh as far as being able to get through this. uh not necessarily today, but however many Sundays this might be. Amen. But let's just go over the scripture and see it. St. John chapter 12. I've had the scriptures written down. Some I have uh to read and maybe not read or just refer to. But um let's just read it. St. John 12. Uh we'll start with verse 23. St. John 12 verse 23. And Jesus answered them, saying, "The hour is come that the Son of Man must be glorified or should be glorified." I like the must, but it says should be glorified. The hour has come. Praise the Lord. Notice now when you when you speak of something to say that it has arrived, that means that you had an understanding or have been told or or or or given to you uh a promise of something. Um uh is anybody ever ordered on Amazon? I say that because probably most of us have. If you've ordered anything on Amazon, uh, it usually tells you, "Thank you for your order. Your order will be delivered on this day." Right then and there, it'll tell you. I don't care wherever this is around the country. That's this this if you bought this, this phone is going to be on your front doorstep on this day. I don't give you an exact time, but they'll tell you this day. So, what do you do? You expect it, right? you look for it. Maybe it's something you really wanted. So, you're in anticipation for it. Amen. Sometimes it might not be, but uh if you really want it, you're in anticipation for it. And then when it comes and you knock on your door, you say, "There it is. That's what I've been waiting on." And you go out to the door and you grab it. And before the guy even gets back downstairs, of course, we have stairs, but before he gets back downstairs, you grab the package because you just been waiting on them. But Jesus said, he said, "The time has come. The hour has come." Amen. It's been foretold. It's been promised. It's been given to you to understand that this would happen. And now it is happening. Praise God. Oh, I just love that because it just proves the fulfillment of God. See, you you get so much so many cynics and so many critics and so many people. Oh, where's the promise of his coming? or where you've been saying this for years and you've been talking about this ever since I've known and I've heard this so many times. I've heard it preached. I've heard it said and and people become scoffers. They become cynical about it, but they don't recognize that it's still the promise of God's word and it will happen. Right. Amen. And when God when Jesus is here says now the hour that you've learned about the hour that has been foretold the scripture that has been written that has been preached that has been brought to a congregation or a group of people now that time has come. Right? Praise God. Amen. Regardless of what the critics might have said, regardless of what the cynics might have said, doesn't matter because it's going to come to pass. That's right. It's going to happen. And it's going to happen, not the way you think, not the way you feel, but exactly the way God said. Amen. And that's all that matters. Because it's his promise that does it. Amen. Amen. He does it exactly in his way and in his time. Praise the Lord. Amen. And that's what we understand. We miss God so many times because we expect it to come a different way. We expect God to manifest in a different way. And so many times he was missed. Even when he was here, people didn't understand it. Of course, the Jews were blinded, but they crucified him. The very one they've been praying and looking for him uh for for for generations and hundreds and hundreds, thousands of years, and they put him on a cross and killed him. Amen. They but but they were blinded to it, but didn't recognize this was that. Amen. Jesus is saved. This was that. When he died and rose again and came back in the day of Pentecost, Peter said, "This is that." Well, brother Random said this. Remember, Brother Ram preached the message. This day, this scripture is fulfilled. Yes. What is it? This is that. Praise God. It was once foretold. It was once preached. It was once written, read through the scripture, but now it's here. Now the time is here. The hour is come that the son of man should be glorified. Praise the Lord. How is the son of man to be glorified when they all hated him? Because it's not glorification in the way that we look at glorification. Right? Amen. They gave him a crown. All right. But they shoved that crown of thorns into his skull to where the bleed the blood just poured out of his head. Oh, they gave him a crown. All right. Yeah. They they they they gave him a they gave him a a a throne. It was a cross that he hung from. Oh yeah. They they he was glorified. All right. Not in the way people see though. See, got to understand. Not the way that people see. You say, "Well, how was he glorified when he was hated? When people despised him. They didn't put him up on a pedestal. They didn't put a real crown on his head. They didn't stand there and worship him or bow down to him as as the God Almighty of heaven and earth. Amen." No, they hung him on a cross. They stuck him with a crown of thorns. They left him up there bruised and naked and shamed. Amen. But that was the best glorification of the son of man that there ever could be. Praise the Lord. Because he said because Jesus said uh uh in the scripture that if I be lifted up, I will draw all men to me. Right? Praise the Lord. The best glorification you can think of. But it was the way that God was to glorify. Not the way man thought about glorification, but the way God was to be glorified. The way that God had uh uh brought forth glorification was that he was to die a cruel death. Right? That he was to be mocked and made fun of and shamed, crown of thorns, and spit in his face and hung him on a cross. But he said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men to me." And that's exactly what he did. Yes. Praise the Lord. His glorification. The son of man. Now the hour has come. The son of man is to be glorified. Praise the Lord. You think, well, it would have been great if they had put him on a th a throne. They had give him a real crown and they had saw him. But friend, if that had happened, we would the bride the bride the the subject of this message, the bride would not have existed, right? There would have been no need for there would have been no way that we could have come into fruition. No way that the bride, the gentile bride could have come into being, right? If he had really been in our human eyes glorified the way we consider glorification, we would it would have never happened. He would have never died at Calvary, never shed his blood. He would have never been hung on a cross. He would have never proclaimed it is finished. Mhm. He would have never come back in the form of the Holy Spirit and came on them and restored the brought the gifts of the spirit to them at that time. Would none of that would have the birth forth of the church at that day at Pentecost would have never happened. Praise God. Had to be that had to go to Calvary. Had to be glorified in the way that it was to be drawn up to be lifted up to draw all men to him. It was the only way. Amen. Amen. Because if it had not been that way, there's no way that we would be here. The hour has come that the Son of Man should be glorified. Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a corn of wheat, except a corn of wheat. Amen. What's in a corn of wheat? Life. Amen. It's it's kind of an odd expression when it says the corn of wheat because corn and wheat are two different things. But what it's meaning is the life in the wheat, right? The the grain of the wheat, if they except the grain of the wheat, the corn of the wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. It's wonderful to give a man a fish, but it's much more wonderful if you teach a man how to fish, right? Praise the Lord. You can give him a fish and he can eat for one meal. You teach him how to fish, he can eat for a lifetime. As long as he can fish, long as he's got a place to fish, he can eat for the rest of his life. Amen. Except that corn of wheat, one corn, fall into the ground and die. And as brother Bram said, rot, right? It has to die and rot. Except that corn of wheat, that grain of wheat fall into the ground and die and rot, it abides alone, right? It's just him. Praise the Lord. But because he did do that and he came back to them on the day of Pentecost and waved over them that sheath weight and the Holy Spirit breathing out to them. Praise the Lord. Then it wasn't just one corn of wheat. It was the spirit of God falling on and moving into everyone that was there that day. And it was just the beginning, as we said last week. That was just the beginning. That was just the 120 that was there. That was just a fulfillment of the promise of of what was to come. That was to show that what we've done here, what has happened now, for those that have come and have been born again in this place today, you can rest assure that there's going to be thousands after this day that's going to receive the same baptism, that's going to receive the same spirit, that's going to receive the same promise that they did on that day. Thank God. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Praise the Lord. Because that corn of wheat had to go into the ground. Now look what brother Ram said. Let's finish this. The first corn of wheat, the bridegroom, Jesus Christ, had to fall into the earth in order to rise again. Amen. Because in that grain of wheat is life. In that grain of grain of wheat, in every seed, listen out. in every individual seat and we can look at ourselves. We are a bride but we are all individuals. Amen. As every individual in the bride continues to mature the bride itself body matures because you're a part of it. as each grain of wheat. Praise the Lord. As as that had to as that corn of wheat inside that seed, every individual seed as each individuals as you are as each individual seed within itself contains the power to become whatever life it is. Praise the Lord. And if that seed goes into the ground and it dies and it rots in the right condition, that seed will bring forth again. But it won't just bring forth a seed. It'll bring forth a plant. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad that the seed of God and each individual is in within it the power to become what the seed is? Yes. And each individual in each one of you that had the seed of God that each one around the world that is received and has the seed of God that seed in itself has the power to produce what is in the seed. Right? If it's a God seed, it produces God. Amen. Amen. in each individual, but it has to die and rot before it can come forth again. Jesus had to go to hell. Amen. Jesus himself had to go to hell. Amen. Yes. He had to die and go to hell to be able to raise again with the keys to the kingdom of heaven. Amen. with the keys to death, hell, and the grave to be able to come back again and come upon every believer. Now, every redemptive promise, everything that God had done, everything that God had said, everything that every thing that God is, we become. Yes. Amen. Not in the complete fullness. Obviously, we know as he is, but again, a scoop of the ocean contains within it the ocean. It's not the whole ocean, but it's the scoop of the ocean. Everything in the ocean's in the scoop. Amen. If you'd say chemicals and whatnot, obviously, you don't have a whale on the scoop. It's still in the ocean. But that that contains in the ocean. Praise the Lord. All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured where? Into us. Amen. Into his church, into his bride. Amen. Praise the Lord. That just shows it in us. Is that power is that authority? Because that seat, that seed was to become what it is. And what that seed is is God. Amen. that seed that corn of that corn of wheat seed had to fall into the earth in order to rise again. The only way that he could according to the scripture brother Brandham says he had to rise again. So did the first bride. Let's get into a little bit if we can. So did the first bride that was born at Pentecost. We just read the first bride that was born at Pentecost, that 120 in the upper room, added 3,000 souls that day. Amen. Brother Peter preached such a tremendous message that 3,000 souls were added to the kingdom that very day. Amen. Amen. That's a powerful sermon. Yes. Praise the Lord. But it was that time for it. Yes. Amen. I I I doubt we've got 3,000 in the past 20 years. I doubt we've gotten 3,000 since Brother Brown's been gone. Maybe it has. I don't know. I don't want to be cynical about that, but it's very few. We know that. Amen. Very few. Amen. He got three. There was 3,000 there in that day, but that's the day that that was the day they lived. See? Amen. The corn and wheat had to go so it could rise again. So did the first bride. This first bride that was born at Pentecost that we just read had to go through that dark ages like other seed and be buried. They had to die. That first church age, that first church that was born there. And we notice in of course Nasia Rome and that as the the the the enemy begin to come in and and and Paul said it would. Before we finish this, you know, Paul said it would. Amen. Paul said to brother Brandham said the same thing Paul said too look Acts chapter 20. Paul said for I have not shunn to declare unto you the count the all the counsel of God. All the counsel of God have not shun to declare all the counsel of God. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost had made you overseers to feed the church of God which he had purchased with his own blood. Amen. For I know this, verse 29, Acts 20:29. For I know this, that after my departing, they wouldn't do it while he was here. Right. Amen. And you know what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about Paul anymore. Amen. Amen. Because Brother Bam said the exact same thing. Amen. Maybe not this exact words, but brother Bam said the same thing. when I leave the scene, you see people come in. They were doing it even before he left, impersonating and thought, but they wouldn't come out like they've come out today, right? But he said after I go, you see, they'll come out of the woodwork. Paul said the same thing. Notice they won't do it while I'm here cuz I'm here. I'll face them down. I'll I'll I'll uh uh preach them down or talk them down in scripture. They they won't be able to come against the spirit of God, right? Amen. while I'm here. But upon my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. So what does that mean? They're going to be hunting for the devil in them will be hunting for the bride. He will be hunting for you. Hunting for those that are born again, hunting for those that are believers, right? That's who he's going to be hunting for. Praise the Lord. And that's what he's done this whole time. He's still doing down to the church ages and started it out that way as that as that church age begin to wayne off. Amen. Or as brother Brandon has it in the church age book here, he has each of this age waning off. Amen. He has it going up. Actually, the darkness, the darkness filling in the light. I didn't get a chance to draw these out. It look a little better on the board maybe. But each of these ages as it dark as it darkened deeper and deeper, we know at the beginning in uh Nia Rome where they decided that they would denominate around uh what after after Paul was gone after when these grievous wolves come in they they didn't spare the flock. The flock is God's. The flock are the ones that belong to God. Amen. you don't belong to God. You're not flock. You're not you're not his sheep. You're not a part of his kingdom. Praise the Lord. So, if you're not a part of that, then then you don't see it. You don't recognize it. You don't understand it. But if it takes uh the Holy Spirit to come and to try to break that. Amen. Like brother Bham said here, let's continue to read. Let me finish this. Um be buried. the the dark seas like through that dark ages like other any other seed be buried they had to die they must do it but it started sprouting again in Luther the first reformation it didn't look like the seed that went in but it was the light of that day when the blade come out of the ground it didn't look like the seed that went in the ground it just looked like a blade right just a piece of grass if you will. It didn't look like it, but it was the light of that day. Justification was the light of that day. And as the stall come up and as the tossel came out, it was the light that got for that day. Like we said the other day, through Luther, through Wesley, through the restoration of the gifts, each one of those forms came up to produce the the the seed again because the the church seed was to do the same as it was when the Jesus Christ seed went into the ground. As we said, so did the first bride that was born at Pentecost. Amen. Through the dark ages, it was killed out a little bit at a time. Revelation 9 bound at the doors of creeds and dogmas, bound at the doors of denominationalism. The Holy Spirit unable to move in the church because it was bound by the devil. The devil was keeping it bound. Now there was bright in those ages even down to the very darkest age that we see here where there was barely just a little light in the Tyra. There was there was still bride right now we know through that ox age they had to labor. They had to give theirelves. They had to give their lives. And and it that that bride at that day died out. Yes. That had to fall into the ground again. had to die and rot before it could bring forth a springrig again. Praise the Lord. And before people realized what was going on, before the Catholic Church and the denomination and the the dominating of that spirit over the people started to lose its grip. People started to realize this is not right. This is not the way it's supposed to be. This is not how we're supposed to live. They wouldn't let people have Bibles. They wouldn't let them read the word for themselves. They had to just come and take whatever word they said. And if they did anything contrary, they were killed. But there were people during that period of time that were willing to do it regardless if it got cost them their lives. Right? They were willing to do it anyway. Whether it was whether it cost their famil family's lives, whether it cost their children's lives, they were willing to do it anyway because it had to be born back again. Now look, friend, all those people, they'll be there. Amen. By the grace of God, they will be there because they're as much bright as any of us are. They played their part as much as any of us do. And they are much bright as we are will be there on that day because they are as much a part of carrying that life as the life coming out in the seed itself. Look, when the blade come up, the blade had life in it. That's the whole thing we're talking about is life. It's the life of God. When the toss when the when the stalk come from out of the blade, it had life in it. When when the when the tossel came out, it had life in it. Every one of them were carriers of life. And God is the giver of life. Yes. Every form of that restoration of that bride tree was to bring forth life. And as the life came forth, it produced and brought forth the actual seed again that within it. Now look, the blade didn't have life in itself to reproduce. The blade, the the the stalk didn't have life in itself to reproduce. The sh did not have life in itself to reproduce. But the seed, amen, which the which the life came through to has life to reproduce. Amen. That's why that's why brother Brandon was so hard against hybridism and the hybriding of the word because as soon as something gets hybrided and some other man-made something gets interjected in there, then it's dead. It cannot reproduce. Amen. Brother Bam, I think, talks about a mule. He says a mule is a good hard worker, but he didn't know his man or his papy. He doesn't know where he come from. He didn't know where he belongs to. He doesn't know what his uh life is about. He's just a grunt and just works hard and just he just he's a hard worker, but he doesn't know where he's from. He has no identification. He said, "You get a good thoroughbred horse." He knows mom and daddy. He knows what his land is. He knows what his heritage is. He knows what his purpose is and he's a thoroughb bread. Yes. Praise God. Something that's hybrid has no life to it. Praise the Lord. You can take that. You can take that uh uh that that genuine thoroughbred and you can study him out and he'll have children. He'll have foss. He'll have more horses out there. That's a replication of who he is. That's why so many times when a championship racehorse uh is put to pasture, he's stuted out for a lot of money. People will pay millions of dollars for like a a Kentucky Derby winning horse to be studded. They'll pay millions of dollars to get that horse studded to one of their mayors or something because in it lies the genes for a possible another Kentucky Derby winner. Amen. I hope you understand the spiritual application of that because it's the seed. It's the seed life because in it is the potential. Look, God does not put his seed in us. If there was no potential for a reproduction of who he is, right? Praise God. He put his life in us. He put his seed in us because he knows that in you is the potential. is the reality of becoming another himymn of reproducing him. Now you might obviously not god but we are as brother Bham said the little G's. Yes. Amen. Amen. We're not the almighty God, but we're replications of him. Yes. By the seed that lives in us. Yes. That seed fell into the ground for that purpose. It died and rotted for that purpose just as it did on the day of Pentecost or uh down to the church days, excuse me, as it had to do. It had to fall in the ground and rot to rise back up again so that it could come to the place that it's at today. Amen. Now, in the gentile bride, God has made her a many membered body. Yes. Praise the Lord. No more at the door. No more at the door of creeds and dogmas. remember those 200,000. Let's let's see. I think u Amen. And of course, as we've said before, finishing up that quote, it had to be the light of their day. The the light of the day of Sardis had to be the light that would help the blade, not the shuff or the wheat. Amen. If you put the if you put the light of the wheat on the blade, it would kill it. withered it. Amen. So, it had to be the light for their day. But that light produced seed again. It produced the uh it produced bride. Amen. Look, let's see if this is said in the feast of the trumpets. While this group down here has got 2,000 bound at the river Euphrates has been bound for 2,000 years. Notice uh brother Brandham I I don't know how people call him infallible because it's not 2,000 200,000 thousand. Amen. At the review of phrase have been bound for 2,000 years. Also that church has bound the Holy Ghost for nearly 2,000 years under martrman back there and under the church ages through the church ages. Notice in each of that church age belonged to the church. But out of that church there was bride. Right. Amen. There was bride that came forth out of each of those church ages. Yes. There was members bride that God had uh that had brought out of that church. The bride coming out of the church for each of those ages. That's that light. That's that the light of those ages is the light of God in those people. is the Holy Ghost in them. Amen. Amen. It had to be the same light. The same light that shine is shining for us today. Yes. There was bound for 2,000 years under Mormon back there under the church ages. It's been bound not at the river Euphrates, but that the doors of at the door of creeds and dogmas that the Holy Spirit can't work in the church because of man-made systems. Amen. It's the same way today. They say they've got something they don't have. They claim to produce something they cannot produce. Amen. A mule can say, "I' I've got offspring all the all day long." But he can't. A mule can't have offspring cuz he's hybrid. He cannot reproduce. Right. Amen. If he does reproduce anything, it'll just be another denomination. That's not life. There's no life there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because the church and man-made systems, but she is going to be liberated. She is coming back. That's what the Bible said. These two meet once again on the battlegrounds. Lucifer, Michael again, like it was in the beginning, been bound for 2,000 years. No, that same same promise, the same life coming forth, producing the same thing that it did at that day. Look now, I'll probably finish with this, but let me read this. It is the rising of the sun. Rising of the sun. Praise the Lord. That quickening power. Notice now then, not only that, he sent word to his disciples, his believing, "Fear not, for I am here, for I am he that was dead and is alive again forever more." Amen. And I have the keys to death and hell. I've already conquered it. Don't fear anymore. For every, listen now, every forord orained, predestinated seed of God shall come to life when the light spreads across the earth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Every predestinated, forained seed of God will come to life. Amen. Praise the Lord. As the spirit of God goes across the earth, as the spirit of God moves on the people, as the spirit of God has its preeminence, that that uh that life will come back again. Yes. Praise the Lord. As the light spreads across the earth, every four ordained, predestinated seed of God, I just love that. In every age, it'll bring forth the crop that God ordained it to do. He had raised from the dead. Oh, what a wonderful thing that is. I am alive or quickened. The word means the word quickened, the Greek word means that something that's made alive after death. Praise the Lord. How did that word, how could that word have come into existence had it not been for Christ? Right? The first fruits died, rose again. Praise the Lord. That's the life, the quickening power. Quickening, life after death. There was death. Yes. People saw him die. He hung on a cross. They took him and they wrapped him up and they put him in a suppler. They put him in a tomb. They thought he was dead, gone, finished, forgotten. But on the third day, he come out of that tomb to show that there was life. Amen. Life after death. Quickening power. Something brought quickening alive. Praise the Lord because that's what it's all about. I am alive or quickened. The word means quicken. The seed that goes into the earth, it has to die. Every bit, every bit of the scene, look now, he's likening to us. So, we got to understand the life that we lived past. Amen. Had to die. It had to rot. Amen. So many times people try to bring in especially if they were in a church or denomination or something like that and try to bring in the thoughts, try to bring in the opinions, the the the the the scriptural understandings that other people out here that claim to be this that and the other or denominations or charismatics or whatever they are. Try to bring that and try to incorporate it into this message into this truth. Doesn't work. It doesn't work. You hybrid it. You hybrid it is death. There's no quickening power in death, right? Quickening power raises from the dead, right? But if there's nothing to raise it, it can't raise. If there's no life there, it can't raise. And in hybridism, there is no quick. There's no life. There's no life to quicken. Praise the Lord. That seed goes to earth. Every bit of it has to die. Every bit of that seed, every bit of me had to die. Every bit of you had to die and rot. We were married. Brother mans called us in uh uh was it I believe invisible union. He called it we were married to Satan. Married that it had but that union had to die and rot, right? Had to be thrown into the sea of forgetfulness. Every bit of it had to go away. You couldn't say, "Well, I'm going to be a born again Christian and still do this, this, this, and live in the world and whatever." That does, it doesn't work. Every bit of it has to die. Has to die. Every bit of that seed has to die. Has to rot. Every bit of it. Every bit of the life that was in the seed has to come forth again. The quickening power that quickens us, that quickened us from death. We died to self and rose a new in Jesus Christ. We had to rise again. The quickening power that made the dead live again. Not physically, but spiritually. I didn't die physically. Praise the Lord. But my nature, all that had to all be burned out. The Holy Spirit. Amen. The Holy Ghost and fire come and burned out all that snake nature. Amen. So that the Holy Spirit could take prereeminence in my life and my soul that the Holy Spirit would be the permanent prominent resident of my soul. People ask me are you a Christian? I said I'm a bloodbought born again bibleelving Christian. Amen. That's covers it. Amen. Yes. Blood bought born again filled with the Holy Ghost Bible believing Christian. That's who I am. Amen. Every bit of the life that was in the seed, every bit of the life in the seed has to come forth again. Remember, if that seed in you was the seed of God, every bit of that life of that seed, God has to come forth again. Praise the Lord. That's why we can believe and understand that that seed wasn't just planted yesterday. That seed wasn't just planted when you first saw some light in the scripture. That seed wasn't planted when you gave your heart to God or came to an altar. That seed was always there because before the foundation of the world, you were always a son or daughter of God. You were never not a son or daughter of God. Just like the prodical son. Amen. His dad received him back because it was his son. Not because of what he had done. Not because of his righteous living. Not because of spending all of his money, not because he was uh come back a deplorable, depleted person. That's the best kind you can get. Amen. That's the best way to come. Come with nothing. Amen. That's the best way to come to God. Just come with nothing. Father, I'm sorry. I am absolutely nothing. I have wasted everything that you gave me. I have run my life into the ground and I am dead. I am lost. I am nothing. God looks and says, "Well, finally been waiting." Amen. That that song, he's been there all the time, waiting patiently in line. He's the same God. Amen. Finally, I'm sure his dad, the prodical son, he came to him and said, he just grabbed him and hugged him and said, "Finally, my son is home." Amen. I had to get to that place. die, rot. Praise the Lord. That's when life can come forth again. See, a lot of people don't want to die. That's their problem. They don't want to die. They don't want to rot. They want to hold on to ideas and opinions. They want to hold on to beliefs and and worldly things. They want to hold on to this stuff. They want to keep on to it and say, you know, I I I want to be a Christian, but I want to keep doing this. I want to have this. I want to keep thinking this way. You can't do that. You've got to die. People don't want to die. They don't want to rot to all those things. They don't want to rot to themselves and say, "Lord, I am nothing. I am here at your mercy." Yes. Whatever you see fit, Lord, if you strike me dead right here, I'll deserve it. If you send me to hell, Lord, at this moment, I'll deserve it. Amen. But I am at your mercy. God said, "Finally." Amen. Now, now a vessel I can work with. Yes. Now a vessel I can work in. Yes. Amen. Mold and shape the way I want him to be. Take him and and and put him into my image. That's what that's what God wants. Yes. Praise the Lord. As that seed comes forth to be in that very image, he was quickened. Not only that, and will send the same life that quickened me and power that brought me from the grave. I will send it upon you to quicken you so that where I am, you will be there also. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Life from death. God brought life from death. He just said in in Romans chapter 8, Amen. that if that same life lives in you, if that same power lives in you, if that same spirit lives in you that quickened Jesus Christ and rose him from the dead, if that same power, if that same life lives in you, it'll do the same thing to you. Yes, it'll quicken your mortal body. Death from death life. It'll quicken your mortal body. Amen. That was once dead. Now you're alive again forever more. Amen. That same life you hath he quickened. Ephesians chapter 2. Amen. You hath he quickened who were dead. Who were dead in trespasses and sins. He's quickened you. Life from death wherein in time past you walk according to the course of the world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. Yes. But he's quickened us and made us alive. Yes. It is the rising of the sun, that quickening power that God raised up again and made it a new. That same God is still doing the same thing today. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is making himself known in every age and in our lives. Yes. Because it's God working in us. It's God working through us. Yes. making that spirit live once again. But we have to die to ourselves. Now, as Jesus Christ was the first fruits and went in the ground and rose again and waved over the people, that bride that day had to go into the ground and die in rot and raise up again a new life. So, it wasn't just singular. It was multiple. The bride wasn't just for it wasn't just for Jew. It then transferred like Abraham uh like uh like Christ at the cross. Amen. Where the blessing went to the younger child. It had to be God raising up Jacob, not Abraham, excuse me, cross his hands to give the blessing to the younger child. Right? Through the cross, the blessing transferred over. The Jews crucified him. The Gentiles received him. Amen. and she receives him today. Yes. Now we have a gentile bride that was dead but is now alive. Yes. Come from death to life. The quickening power of God. That same life that's in you to raise you from the dead to make you that living as Jesus did the first fruits. Now through many have received that same power. Amen. We know her. We talk about her as the bride. Yes. The bride of Jesus Christ. God molding her into his own image. God shaping her and making her like himself. What is he? The word. What is he making her? The word. What has she become? So that she is one with him. The word. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's Christ and his bride making himself known. Yes. Making himself real to us. The waving was just anam. It was just the beginning. It was just the start of who we are in him. Amen. Amen. Let's stand if we could. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So thankful in us. Yes. come the quickening power. The ability to raise back again the ability to bring back again the ability to bring to life that that was dead. Amen. The ability in us to die to self to die to rot so that God could raise us up a new with his quickening power. Make us new in him. We've experienced it. We know it's real. We know it's true. We've experienced it. We believe it. Praise the Lord. Becomes who we are. Amen. Becomes who we are. The bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad of that? Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's look at this. Sing this song we were going to sing a little bit ago. Amen. As we finish the service, I'll fly away. Praise the Lord. That quickening power, it raised him from the dead dwells in us. It'll quicken our mortal bodies. What's going in a rapture? Amen. Praise the Lord. In a glorified condition, body change. Quickening of the mortal body. Body change will fly away. Amen. into the atmosphere. Praise the Lord. Not talking about going to the moon and stars and all that. Amen. But just another atmosphere, just another dimension. We'll meet him in the air. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. Amen. Come glad morning when this life is all out my way to the homeless shore. I fly my [Music] way. I'll fly my way. Oh my way. I cannot die. Hallelujah. My mind out of my way. And with the shadows of this life by way. And like the birds have fall away. Yes, I fly away. Glory in the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. [Music] My way is now. Well, just a few more blessed days in my way. You come and rejoice shall never end. I fly away. Yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away. It's the morning and I cannot die. Hallelujah. Fly and by. Let's sing that last verse again. will just a few more blessed days and then my way to a land where joy shall never end. I fly my way. Yes, I fly away. Oh glory, I'll fly away in the morning. I cannot die. Hallelujah. By my way, I'm singing out my way. Oh, glory of my morning. I cannot die. Hallelujah. by and by out my way. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, that quickening power, saints. Praise the Lord. It'll raise us up. Amen. You don't have to be dead. It'll just raise us up from this life, this mortal body. Our body will receive a glorified condition. It'll be a body changed like a moment in the twinkling of an eye. Yes. Amen. We'll go in the air to meet the Lord in the air. Praise the Lord. I'll fly away. Praise the Lord. It might not be real high. Might not be real uh uh far beyond the stars, whatever, but we'll fly up into his arms. Amen. By that quickening power that has made us alive. Amen. That life will take us beyond this mortal reach one day. Amen. put us in the presence of God. Yes. Hallelujah. So shall we ever be with the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Amen. I pray something said to bless and strengthen you in the Lord today. God is so very good to us, isn't he? Amen. I'm so thankful, so glad, so thankful to be a part of that bride. Amen. Amen. You know, as there had to be a death, as there had to be a rotting, there had to be a a resurrection. Amen. Still in this old man, I die daily. Amen. Amen. Paul said, "I still I die daily." Amen. Amen. Oh, wretched man that I am. Oh, I still die daily. But by his grace. Amen. Amen. We raise a new every day. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sun goes down every day, but it raises every morning. Goes down, but it raises again. Amen. By the grace of God. Never failed, and it can't fail because it's God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. I pray something will set the blessings here today in the Lord. So thankful to be a part of that body, part of that bride. Amen. God is so good to us. So remember the prayer requests. Amen. The needs and those not feeling well and just trusting the Lord continue to move upon our heart. Sometimes it just seem to be something that's gone through now. And by the grace of God, this will be the end of it. Amen. So we're thankful to God. So Lord willing, next Sunday, I'm going back to Minneapolis next Sunday. Uh so uh the time service time should be the same. So uh we won't be moving it up. It'll be at 10:30 because again it'll be should be better be the same flight I took last week uh which is at 1:55. So there's no reason to move service up. So next week 10:30 p.m. we'll be back the Lord willing. And Terry's will be back. Amen. And just trust in the Lord to bless and heal upon us once again. Amen. Praise the Lord. I so very much enjoyed the children sing today. That was so good. That just blessed my heart so much. Amen. Reading the scripture. Amen. God bless you, Alice, Emma, Gabriel, Joel, reading the scripture to us. That meant so much to me. Amen. So, God bless you. Amen. God bless you in the efforts of go in parents. Amen. So, amen. God bless you richly. We'll be dismissing a prayers. Anyone else have anything before we dis I have a prayer. There was a fire that broke out where I live and it was only there was only one home between the fire and my home and I sent out a text. People were praying. Amen. So they I live in a mobile home community and it was home tender box. Not tinder box just Praise the Lord. Yeah. Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Easy. Especially with dry, hot conditions, windy fires can spread so easy, so fast. It doesn't take much. So, thank the Lord kept Sister Sheila safe. Amen. Praise the Lord. Arthur is back on Wednesday. Oh goodness. Certainly, brother. Absolutely. Amen. Remember our pray. Anyone else? Yes. Um you heard the noise outside my heart. Very nice. you know, they don't realize what they're doing and how is he disturbing the service. So, I'm thankful for that. I don't know what I was going to deal with, but was very nice, very cooperative. And I think after service, I'm going to thank him. The service is over now. He can go back doing what he needs to do. Probably don't realize Yeah. how much noise that is. Thankful for that. Praise the Lord. Anyone else? God richly. Bless you. Appreciate you. We'll be missing a word of prayer. Joel, if you would give this Mrs. Yes. Amen. Amen. ing their
