################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-21 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4202025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-21
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4/20/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 1h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPKNmJg7Xpg
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - Easter Sunday Morning - 4/20/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] alive. Alive, alive, forever more. My Jesus is alive, alive, forever more. Alive, alive, alive, forever more. My Jesus is alive. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is alive forever more. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is alive. Alive. Alive. Alive forever more. My Jesus is alive. Alive forever more. Alive. Alive. Alive forever more. My Jesus is alive. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is alive forever more. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is we stand and sing it one more time. Alive. Al alive. Al alive forever more. My Jesus is alive. Alive forever more. Alive. Al alive. Al alive forever more. My Jesus is alive. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is alive forever more. Sing halleluah. Sing halleluah. My Jesus is alive. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. He is alive. He is alive and well. Hallelujah. So thankful that the Lord Jesus. Amen. On this Easter Sunday that we celebrate rose again from the grave. Amen. Proving once again the mighty conqueror. Yes. Conquering death, hell, and the grave. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Those of you are here, if you're streaming, God bless you. Amen. Happy Easter. Amen. Amen. It's another Easter. So thankful again to be able to celebrate this wonderful holiday. Amen. to me is just such a a true time of celebration to the Lord. Amen. And the time that we celebrate the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. So thankful to be a part of that. So thankful to be a Christian today. So thankful that the Lord's blessed us one more time. Amen. To be in the to be in his house one more time. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. We'll go to the Lord in prayer. Open up the service in prayer if we could. Ask Mike if you would to open the service in prayer for us this morning. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we as many times before come together, Lord Jesus, gathered in your name to worship you. Thank you, Jesus and not forsake the gathering together with people. And Lord, we use this time set aside each week to praise you and worship you and to bring everything to your feet to your altar. Jesus know you will take care of whatever it is Father God whether it's new whether it's old or ongoing Lord Jesus whether it's our family if it's our finances or sicknesses Lord Jesus we know that it's all in your Amen Lord Jesus in this specific day Lord it's Easter Father that we use to celebrate your resurrection Father God we thank you for everything that you've done for us Lord Jesus and and resurrecting for us and coming back so that you could live in each and every one of us Lord Jesus remove every hindering spirit anything from this place amen Lord, this service, Lord God, may you speak to each and every heart, Lord Jesus. Come down and fill us and refill us each and every day with ourselves in the service in your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. So, thank the Lord today. Amen. Every day, he is so good to us, isn't he? Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Going to start with Psalm number 458. Amen. in the book. We'll have it on the screen here. The tomb is empty. The stone is rolled away. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. The tomb now is empty. The stone is rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Yes. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me had no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. One more time now. Yes. The tomb now is empty. The stone's been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me has no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Hallelujah. Amen. Death has been conquered. Death in me has no heart. Hallelujah. For Christ is alive in my heart. Amen. Hallelujah. So thankful. Amen. That the Lord Jesus when he rose from the dead, I rose with him. Amen. Yes. Praise the Lord. And we come forth victorious. And on this day, amen. As victorious as conquering death, hell, and the grave. Yes. Praise the Lord. Psalm number 549. Now 549. Have it on the screen. Jesus is alive. Amen. Dead. Sin and death must go. They are conquered foe. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing it now. Amen. Amen. Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered folk. For Jesus is alive. Yes, Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered foe for Jesus is alive. Yes, Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered. For Jesus is alive. Oh yes, he is. Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered for for Jesus is alive. Yes, Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered f for Jesus is oh again one more time Jesus is alive. Jesus is alive. Sin and death must go. They are conquered for for Jesus is alive. Amen. Hallelujah. He's alive forever more. Amen. And he lives in us to live to tell the story that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. So thankfully he lives in us today. Amen. So thankful that we serve a living risen savior. There is no other religion on the planet. There is no other religion that can even claim that their savior. Amen. Their Lord, their God is alive. Amen. But we know our Lord and Savior rose from the dead. We know our Lord and Savior rose from the grave victorious. Amen. And is alive today to make everything that he planned, everything that he said, everything that he promised to come to pass. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so thankful he's here today. Amen. Psalm number 270. We'll sing this one more before we go to the Lord in prayer now. Song number 270. Amen. God is not dead. He is still alive. Praise the Lord Jesus. So thankful he's still alive. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Let's sing it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart and I feel it all over me. I said that God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over me. Hallelujah. Yes. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over me. Hallelujah. Yes, I God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over. One more time now. Yes. God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over me. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. God is not dead. Our God's not dead. Yes. Amen. All other gods dead, buried, grave, rotted. Amen. But our God is not dead. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So thankful that he rose again to prove that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise the Lord God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Aren't you thankful to live to serve a risen savior today? Amen. Amen. Praise God. People seem to take joy in serving destroyers today for some reasons and death and darkness. Oh, but praise God. Our our savior's alive. Amen. He brings light. He brings life. He brings peace, joy, love, happiness. Praise the Lord Jesus. I looked the other day and saw a car parked at the place next to where we were working and I walked by and they had these stickers of this horrible horror movie on there kind of celebrating this thing. I'm thinking this this this mass murder individual. I think, wow, what is our what has this world come to? Right. What is this country, this Christian nation? What has it gotten to where we putting stickers on our cars to celebrate murderers? It it's it's a sad it's a sad thing, saints. But praise God, our God's not dead. Amen. Praise the Lord. And if he's alive, we're alive because we're in him. He's in us. We're in him. All together, one in him. Praise the Lord. got a several prayer requests as you can see. There was not very many of us here today. Amen. But um I got a text from Sister Sheilia this morning. Amen. She finished her antibiotics and she was planning on visiting and being with us in service today. Not visiting, she's part of us, but being in service here with us today. Uh but u uh some neighbor had another big party or something and kept her up all night uh with the boooom music. So, uh, she's not feeling very good this morning and, uh, weak and tired. So, please remember her in prayer. Uh, heard from sister Julie. She's not feeling well this morning. Also, uh, brother Tom and brother and and Tommy haven't been sick this week. And so, uh, Karen's been around them. She stayed at home to, uh, uh, make sure that there's, uh, nothing contagious or anything. So, she's not with us today. So, please remember her in prayer. Sister Norma has company from out of town come in uh last night and uh today. So, please remember her in prayer. She won't be with us today as well. Uh brother and sister Pat got up this morning and got ready and uh just getting ready wore them out. So, uh they just just couldn't move after uh getting dressed and ready and uh set down and so uh just felt like they just couldn't move. So please remember them in prayer and uh just turning 80. So you know we get to certain ages and certain things in our bodies and you know brother Pat's still battling that uh thing in his lung and not getting the oxygen that he should. So uh please remember him in prayer as well. Amen. Lord would just bless him. Also continue to remember sister Lydia in prayer. Uh the Lord would just continue to bless and be with her. U the tab and Zackers both should be on their way. So please remember them in prayer as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to see you, brother Art. Sister Shri, Gabriel, Alex, God bless you. Amen. Brother D, Brother Danny, my wife, my son. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. So, God richly bless you. Anyone else have any uh prayer requests or anything on your heart before we go? Go in prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Have an unspoken request on your heart of our needs today? Amen. Let's stand if we could. Praise the Lord. I'm trying to take it a little easier on my voice today. I preached brother Roger last. Worked about 70 hours last week in the hot sun and preached last night for brother Roger. Uh but uh the Lord's gives strength. Amen. So just believing that uh all will be well. Amen. So but just kind of taking trying to take it a little easier on my throat. Uh 30 uh goodness I've done lost count. 36 years of ministering and leading songs these many years and all it just it takes a toll on your voice. I remember brother Brandon went to the doctor one time and said there was nothing wrong with his voice. He just had calluses on his vocal cords. He said, "Well, that seems like a good thing." Amen. It's kind of like a battle scar. Yeah. Amen. So, I don't know if that's the same here, but sometimes when you use it and use it, it kind of uh it it's still flesh, so it gives out. Uh but we're just trusting the Lord for strength this morning. So, Brother Dennis, would you take these to the Lord for us? Lord Jesus, it's an honor to be in your house once again. Yes, Lord. to know that it's not an opportunity necessarily to see one another, but it's a time to meet with you. Yes, Lord Jesus. Knowing that you're in our midst, you said when two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in the midst. Amen. Hallelujah. With you. I don't go by numbers. Thank you, Jesus. I don't go by uh church buildings or or attendance. I go by the hearts of my people. Hallelujah. And I believe it. It's a hour that the enem is fighting us harder than we he's ever fought. He knows that his time is running out. Yes. How much more should you quicken to us that we have to be led of your spirit are led by the spirit of God. Amen. They are the sons of God. Thank you Lord. Then father help us to walk in the spirit knowing that there's so many signs and so displaying itself. What we're literally seeing is the scriptures being fulfilled. Yes. Amen. And father we thank you for another Easter means resurrection. Thank you Lord. And we as believers we honor your resurrection every day. Hallelujah. to be thankful for you, the worthy one, our kinsman redeemer, to die for our sins, that we may believe in you. You come to give us life and to give it more abundantly, Father. Yes, God. And Lord, I remember as I read in the scriptures, Mary uh was talking to you about the resurrection. She just didn't understand. And you told her, "I am the resurrection and the life." Amen. He that was once dead believeth in me shall never die. And then he says, "Do you believe?" And father, we have to be in the spirit. We have to abide in your word at all times. Oh, we can be real good because we're we're dwelling in your spirit right now. But the real test is when we're at our jobs, when we're at our homes, when we're shopping, there's allseeing God watching you. What are you doing then? Are you still displaying yourself to be a written epistle read and known of all men, a walking Bible? Some people will never ever pick up a Bible. And the only Bible they'll ever see is your life walking before them. Yes, God. And Lord, there are many precious believers a part of our family that are sick this morning. The ps I read that text, brother Pad, they wanted to come to church, but they were feeling worn out and tired. And our sister Julie's been sick. Our sister sir uh Sheilio that's been dealing with some uh rowdy neighbors is keeping her up. Oh, father and our sister Lydia. Lord, may you touch her as well. Lord, we believe everyone will receive their portion this morning. You don't want us to live a life of defeat. Amen. Greater he is in us than he is in the world. Lord, God be with us. Who can be against us? Amen. When Satan comes in like a flood, you'll raise that standard. And father we believe that each and everyone would receive their portion overflowing. Father and a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities and by your stripes we are healed Jesus. We are more than conquerors in the name of Jesus Christ. We may feel defeated at times but as we look unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith. Amen. We know father we have the victory. Hallelujah. Granted, father bless our pastor as he brings forth your word of life. May it fall in good ground in our hearts that we become stronger Christians, better prepared for our sooncoming rapture. In your name we pray, Father, name the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm assuming since this is on here, you've got a song. Praise the Lord. Micah puts his songs on the tablet. He didn't say anything. So, but I noticed it on the tablet. So, I'm believing that since it's on the tablet, he's got a song to sing for us. So, Lord, bless him this morning. I sing this probably the last time most I think we were at but it's a song that um Donny Reagan has sang. I I don't know if he wrote it because I can't find it anywhere. Um it's not really one to sing along to. It's more of a storytelling, but it's a relevant to Easter. So I hope it's a blessing. Amen. Amen. Bless you, Lord. [Music] The sun was hot. An angry mom gathered by the gravestone building. This man draped in velvet with curly black beard stepped out on his balcony. Nervously washing his hands to rhythm of the blood. Pilate never washed away. Amen. As his wrinkled brow showed the worried lines, I heard Pilot say, "Amen. I find no fault in this man called Jesus, healer from the shores of Galilee. I command you to ask me to let him go free. Don't make me take his blood to the grave with me. nervously washing his hands to rid him of the blood he could never wash away. As the moss grew for blood of this innocent man, I heard Pilot pray. And it was midnight in the middle of the day. Tripping soldiers fell before Jesus crossed the grave. The homo shook. The veil was meant for sinners. Christ was slain. And it was midnight in the middle of the [Music] day. Thunder rolled across the rumbling mountains. Lightning burned like a fire across the sea. But on the holy heels, the angels wave the crimson flag and triumph. They shouted death, death, death. Good Lord. Don't you know that death is swallowed up in victory, victory? Amen. Thunder across the rumbling mountain. Lightning were like a fire across the [Music] sea. But on the holy hills, the angels wave the crimson flag of triumph. They shouted death, death, death. Don't you know that death is swallowed up in victory? Victory. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, it is. Thank you, Lord. Could you just see that, saints? Amen. The angels encamped around about us. Amen. On those heels, waving the flags of triumph. Yes. Amen. When it looked like death was the end of it, it was just the beginning. Praise the Lord. They thought that was the finality of it, but it wasn't the finality. It was just the start. Amen. what he had done was to rouse up something. Satan is like a it's like a person thinking that he's got a hold of something and goes and reaches and it turns out to be a rattlesnake. Amen. That rattlesnake bit him and there was nothing he could do about it. Yes. Praise the Lord. Can imagine Satan standing there thinking, "Oh, I've got him now." Amen. I've got him now. He's hanging there and there's no hope. There's no way he can get off of there. Oh, but praise the Lord. That was just exactly what he wanted to be done. Amen. To bring liberty, to bring victory, to bring salvation to us. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise God. Victory. Victory. Victory in Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's one more song number 350 in the book. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here. He is alive and well. Praise the Lord. He's alive and well. Living in me to tell that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes, he will. Amen. Thank you, Lord. 350 in the book. Amen. On the screen here. Amen. I'm not sure if we've sang this here or not, but heard it many times. We want to sing it to the Lord. Amen. He's alive and well, living in me. to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Well, this same Jesus who died on the cross, crucified is the life in our hearts today. resurrected again. Oh, in this body without sin. Praise God. He's alive and well. [Music] And before he ascended his word, he commanded to us that we would have power and with that you'll be in you when the Holy Ghost comes on you. Yes, Jesus is alive and well. [Applause] The promise he gives to show that he lives in those who truly believe. All the works that I do well, they will be done by you. Praise God. You're alive. alive and well. Yes, you're alive and you're well living in me to tell the world that you are the same. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus, you're alive and [Applause] well. Yes, Jesus, you're alive and [Applause] well. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He is alive and well. Praise the Lord. Living in me to tell to give us the power that we would have. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, aren't you thankful for that today? Amen. Praise God. Amen. What a wonderful Lord and Savior. Amen. To give us that power to overcome today. Now, we have that same power to overcome that he overcame with. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's stand to our feet now if we could. We'll change the order of the service. Amen. Let's trust and pray the Lord just bless the service. Amen. Now go over, turn in our Bibles now to Philippians chapter 3. Amen. We're going to go to Philippians chapter 3. Praise the Lord. Just see if does anyone might have a testimony on your heart today. I mean it is Easter so praise the Lord if you have a testimony or something on your heart. Amen. I do. Yes sir. Brother Dennis. Yes. Uh remember God is in the little things. We want to do bigger things. But if we can't trust him with the little things, how can he use us in a greater way? Amen. I bought a about a year ago a laser printer and that things a little bit more complicated for me and for Leah than what we thought. And um I had to buy the right type of ink and and I couldn't get it going. So I prayed, "Lord, help me. You're the only one can help me get this going." I did a few things. The thing started printing like it lost its mind. So there was other things I print. It never came out. And whatever I did, I knew it was the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes, he is. Even in the little things, still God. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Anyone else? Amen. Not Philippians chapter 3. Amen. We're going to begin our reading today. Philippians chapter 3:7. Praise the Lord. Before we do, could we just bow our heads for another word of prayer? Amen. Lord Jesus, so very thankful again, Father, to be here in your house, Lord, expecting great things once again today as you have always done, as you've already done, and trusting you, Lord, to be pleased with what happens in this sanctuary, in this place today. Lord, we know in ourselves we are insufficient for the task, Lord. We know that we are nothing but trusting you in all things, for everything, God, because you are the mighty conqueror. You are the one that rose from the dead. You are the one that conquered death, hell, and the grave. You are the one that because of your conquering has made us more than conquerors today, Lord, through him that loved us. And thank you, Lord Jesus, today that we have no worries, Father. There is no worries in this life because you have everything under control, Lord. And we are your hands. We are your children, Father. We know that regardless of what may happen, regardless of how this world may go, how the destruction and the degradation and the decline, Lord, of this world and its morals and ethics, Lord, we know that we stand true, God, to your word upon the realization and the revelation of your word today. God, thank you so much, Lord, for this word. Thank you for the blessings of your word. Thank you for the power that you give us, God. Lord, the authority, the word to continue to press forward in this battle, Lord, regardless of what time we have left, what you'd have us to do, where you would lead us, what you would show us, God, we're desiring more than anything, more than everything, God, Lord, to be your children, to be your disciples, to be led by your spirit, Lord, for you to use us, God. We thank you so much for this beautiful Easter Sunday, Lord, and honoring of your resurrection. We honor your resurrection as we meet every Sunday. But Lord, just a special time, God, knowing that that Good Friday, Lord, you gave up your life. You laid down your life, Lord. Nobody could take it. You laid it down, Lord, on Saturday, God, there in the pits of hell. Yeah. At that time, Father, with that showdown, it wasn't like the war in heaven. It wasn't like like the war with Lucifer and Michael. You just slapped him up against the wall. You took those keys to death and hell. You emptied out paradise. And you rose again victorious. Oh, what a wonderful time, Lord. We stand, God. Because you rose, we rose. Because you're victorious, we are victorious today. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, God. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way. That you would get glory and honor and praise for all that is said and done. We love you. We thank you. We just commit this service, the remaining part of it, into your hands. In the precious, holy, lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Philippians chapter 3. Now we'll begin reading with verse 7. Philippians 3:7. But what things were gained to me, those I counted loss for Christ. Yay, doubtless I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Jesus Christ my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ, and be found in him, not having my own righteousness which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith, that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. Amen. And the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death, if by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead. Praise the Lord. Yes. Not as though I had already attained either were already perfect, but I follow after if that I may apprehend, that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. What powerful words. There's a reason the Lord chose the disciples that he chose. There's a reason that he chose the prophets he chose. There's a reason that he chose those men of authority and women of uh that he had chose. There's a reason that he chose them. Amen. Yes. And just being led of the Holy Spirit to bring this word to us to help us to understand in those words the context of what he's trying to bring to us and minister and show to us through the scripture. Amen. But I want to focus of course on the the one portion of the scripture that uh that's found in verse 10 that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. I want to speak on the power of the resurrection today. The power of the resurrection. There's power in that resurrection. Amen. And understanding that that power is a transferable power. Amen. in so much that uh uh he had ownership to recognize Jesus had ownership of that power. Now we we we understand that that power represents an authority. Amen. We know that we don't have any power of our own. Yes. But we have an authority that's been given to us by Jesus Christ and by the word. We have authority to be able to speak to be able to speak according to the context of the word in Jesus Christ. We had that authority. We had that authority that power of that resurrection to be able to stand as Christians and know that that resurrection has come in our lives. Amen. And because he raised, we've raised. Amen. That power is something that the Lord give us. Now that that power that authority that is given to us, we recognize, excuse me, given to us by that that has the authority by the one that has the power. Amen. Someone who does not have that power cannot give you that power. Right? They cannot give you that authority if they don't have it. Amen. Amen. Praise. You can go uh you can go to the library down the street and say, "Uh, librarian, I would like to have the power to give a ticket to someone speeding down Oracle." You might go to a uh to a Cracker Barrel and buy a fake badge. You might go to the Office Depot and buy a little pad of paper. And you might have a pencil to come out. And you might even try to stop somebody on the road and give them a ticket for speeding. But there's no power behind your author and no authority behind your uh deliberation, right? Behind what you're doing. There's no authority. Don't matter whether the librarian said, "Oh, sure. I give you every power that I have to be able to go and enforce that." You you still have no power. Why? Because the librarian did not have the power to start with. Right? If they don't have the power, they can't give that power to you. Yes. Amen. Amen. It's like a It's like a stranger coming into your house. Yes. And and when you've got company and that stranger comes into your house and says, "Hey, you know, uh I I I want to give you this radio here." You can't give them my radio. It's not your radio, right? It's my radio, right? You don't have the authority to give a stranger my radio, right? It's mine. Amen. Amen. Now, if if I want to give them the radio, I can do it because it's mine, right? I paid for it. It belongs to me. Amen. You understand? See, that power, that authority, it belongs to him because God gave it to him. All power and authority is given unto you in heaven and in earth. Praise the Lord. So that power is is transferable. The power of the resurrection is transferable to recognize that because he did it, you can do it because we are in him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, if if uh if you go down to city hall or to the police department or however that works, I don't know. Uh Joel may know. He's not in here right now, but uh because he wants to be a policeman. How how they determine that. But somehow they have a system that the government of the city of Tucson or the uh county of Puma County or the state of Arizona can impart to an individual if they pass all the regulations and tests and whatever else that they can give them the authority. Why? To stop someone going down to earth. Why? Because they have the power to start with. Where do they get the power? Well, in our form of government, they get the power from the people or it's supposed to be. All the power that's given of government that is over the people of our country is given to them by the people of the country. The power is in our hands to give to them. They in turn give that power over to say we don't want somebody recklessly driving down Oracle. So if you see somebody doing that, you can stop them and get them a ticket, find them $200 or whatever it is. Because the people said with the power that we don't want somebody going recklessly down the road because they might kill somebody, they might injure our family or friends or someone that we know. They might hurt somebody. We don't want that to happen. So we give you the authority to do that. How can they do that? Because they have the authority to start with, right? Yeah. Yes, Jesus had the authority to start with. Amen. And because he had the authority, he was able to give that authority. Amen. He was able to transfer that power, that power and authority to be able to speak. Amen. We we in ourselves have nothing, right? But we do have the power. We do have the authority by Jesus Christ given to us by Jesus Christ to be able to stand in the power of that resurrection and realize that that power of resurrection belongs to us. Right? Amen. We can no longer worry. We we no longer worry about death. We no longer worry about hell. We no longer worry about the grave because those have been conquered. If he conquered and gave us the power of that resurrection, he gave us that authority, then Satan has no hold on us, right? Sin has no hold on us. Death has no hold on us. That's why Paul said, "Oh, death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory?" Because there is none anymore to those who die in Jesus Christ that has no hold. We have the authority. We have the power because he raised. We raised who? Praise the Lord. Let's go over to St. Luke chapter 10. Even as Jesus was here on earth, praise God. Even as he was here, St. Luke chapter 10, Jesus come had the authority given to him by God. Amen. To say, "Look, these disciples, these are yours." Amen. And Jesus went about handpicking his disciples. And he handpicked every one of them for different reasons. He even handpicked Judas's chariot. But he handpicked him for a reason. Amen. Because it was a job that Judas's chariot was supposed to do. And we know what that job was. But that job was to put was to put Christ on display. It was to put him on in court. It was to put him on uh uh uh judgment by Pilate. It was supposed to cause the people to scream, "Crucify him. Let his blood be on us and our children." It was It was imperative to him. It was his job to sell out the Lord for a purpose. Amen. Brother Bam said even Hitler served God's purpose. Right. Right. Amen. Well, think about that, friend. I mean, I if you if you don't have Christ, if you don't have a revelation, if you don't have an understanding of the workings of God through the scripture, how will you ever understand how that could be? Because that's one thing that hinders a lot of people from even believing or even serving God because they can't understand how this could happen, this could happen, this could happen. But that for some reason people of the world always tend to blame our Lord God for all the bad things and still serve other gods. Right? Well, why isn't the mass shooting over here Muhammad's fault? Why is it God's fault? Why isn't this why why isn't the the the rapes, the gamers? Why isn't that Buddha's fault? Why is it always God's fault? But everybody always blames God. They don't believe in him. They don't want to serve him, but they want to blame him for everything. Why would he let this happen? Oh no. Okay. Well, why would why did Muhammad let that happen? It does this must make any common sense. But see, the understanding is that this is the truth. Yes. Amen. Amen. Muslim I may get in trouble. is a false religion. Yes, it is. Uh all these other religions are false religions. We're the only one that the devil cares about because this is the only one that's right. Yes. This is the only one that's true. This is the one that gets attacked because this the one this is the one that's real. This is the one that's true. The others aren't. They don't get attacked like we do because theirs aren't real. The devil don't care about that. He doesn't care about the Buddhists and all. He doesn't care about because they they he's already got them. He isn't worried about that because all that's false and demonic anyway. So thinking so what every gun that Satan has is trained on Christians. Yes. On believers. Yes. And especially on bornag again believers. Yes. Because he knows that's the ones that has the truth. That's where the truth lies. And he knows he can't hurt, hinder, conquer anything because God's already given us the power to overcome. The authority by the resurrection has been given into our hands. Praise the Lord. That's why that's why Paul said to know him and the power of his resurrection. Praise the Lord. Now, let's look St. Luke chapter 10. Look at this for a minute. St. Luke chapter 10. Uh we'll start with verse 17. St. Luke 10:17, the disciples go about and they're going about doing the job the Lord had given them and they're praying for people and they're laying hands on people and miracles are taking place and devils are being cast out and people are being healed. So they come back 17 and the 70 returned again with joy saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. Fall from heaven. Behold, look what he said. Now Jesus said, behold, I give unto you. Praise the Lord. Now he can do that. Why? Because he has that power. Amen. Amen. He's not trying to give somebody a radio that doesn't belong to him. He isn't trying to give somebody something that doesn't belong to him. It's his. And because it's his, he can give it. Yes. I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions. And look at this now. And over all the power of the enemy. I've given you authority. I've given you power now over all the power of the enemy. Amen. Of course, the great trinity of Satan is death, hell, and the grave. That's his great trinity. Outside of course, Father, Son, the Holy Ghost, and those things, death, hell, and the grave is his trinity. Amen. And Jesus telling them, these disciples here, understand, see, when I look at the scripture, I don't just account people say, "Well, well, that's just in the Bible. Well, that was just those few people." I don't count it that way. I don't, brother didn't count it that way, right? I kind of look at it and say when he's speaking to them, he's speaking to me. Yes. When he is telling them in the scripture that this power is given, what's it been given to? It's been given to God's people. When he gives it to God's people, I'm a part of God's people. It's been given to me. That power wasn't just given to those few people. That power was given to me. The power to what? tread on scorpions and and and uh deadly things and over all the power of the enemy, right? Whatever Satan, whatever the power of Satan may have, it's like uh well, Micah sang that song. It it it's like the devil, as I said, as I said earlier, sitting there believing, thinking, can you imagine? I finally got him. Amen. The son of God, he's hanging there on a cross. He's he's he's beat senseless. He's dragging that hunk of wood up a cobblestone with his back laid open and blood going everywhere. Can you imagine how weak a person gets when the blood just pours out of their body like that? Amen. 30-year-old, 33 year old man. The blood just pouring out of his body and he's trying to drag that big heavy cross up that cobblestone street going up that hill knowing knowing what the end result of that was. Amen. But he did it anyway because when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Amen. Every last she said, "Oh, that's for art. Oh, that's for Dennis. Oh, that one's for uh uh Danny. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because he had us on his mind. Yes. He had the power to be able to take that and transfer it. Because we didn't have to go through that. He's the mighty conqueror, saints. But he made us more than conquerors because we didn't have to go through that. Yes. He did it for us. Amen. And he gave us the power over the the authority over all of the power of Satan. Amen. All of the all the power that Satan may have to be able to try and come and the only power he's got is deception. Right? That that's all the power he's got. Deception. He can deceive you into thinking you're not a Christian or deceive you into sickness or deceive you into doubt or deceive you into trying to lead you astray or he he he's got all kinds of of trickeries. Amen. To try to keep us from where we're supposed to be in leading by this Holy Spirit. He he Amen. That that but that's all he's got. That's that's he he's he's got a a gun and no bullets. He's got a bow and no arrows, right? He's got a bark and no bite. He's got a bite with no teeth. He's He's a a helpless, hopeless, hless individual because all the power that he has, we have authority over it. Greater is he that is in you. Amen. Than he that is in this world. Hallelujah. Praise God. The power. No wonder Paul said, "I'd like to know him and in the power of his resurrection." Why? Because that that that that belongs to me. That's of my authority. That's of my reality. Praise the Lord. I give to you. Amen. Are you willing to accept it today? Amen. Amen. Are you willing to accept it today? Because this power was given to you. Amen. There was 70 of them standing there, friend. Amen. Where did they all go at the end? He starts preaching to them. The world was great when he was given them power. It was wonderful when the gifts were being manifested. It was great when they were be able to go and lay hands and devils were cast out. But what happened when Jesus broke down the word to them and he said, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you." Where do they go then? Oh my goodness. This this man's crazy. Who could hear this kind of thing? Who could put up with this? They they didn't hang around. Oh, it was great when all the gifts were going and everything, but when the word came forth, Amen. And when the revelation of the word began to expound to the people, Amen. They had nothing to represent, nothing to understand. What is he talking about? He's a vampire. He's a cannibal. He's What kind of a person is this? Drink his fle blood and eat his flesh. Well, this just doesn't make any sense at all. It's great when he said this said, "I give to you power over all the enemy." Amen. But look now, even in all that, he said, "I give you power over all the uh uh all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you." Right? Do you believe that? Amen. Nothing by any means shall hurt you. Praise God. Amen. Then what are we worried about? Why do we fret so? Why does it stress us out so much? The things of life when you know in the scripture this is not just for them. This is for us. When you know that in the scripture he's already given us power over all the power of the enemy so that nothing that he does should hurt you. Right? Death has nothing on you. Yes. Sin. Sin has Remember in Ephesians 2, we once were dead in sin. Our sins made us dead, but now we're dead to sin. Sin has no more hold on you. Amen. Sin has no say in your life. Amen. Nothing can hurt you. Nothing can. Then what do we fret over? What are we worried about? Amen. Nothing by any means shall hurt you. Notwithstanding in this rejoice not that the spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven. Amen. Amen. And brother Brandham said, and we know, of course, there was at least one we know standing there whose name was not written in heaven. Right. Amen. But yet he was there. He was a part of the celebration. He was a part of the church. He looked apart. He played a part. He sounded a part. Amen. Everything about it filled out just right with him. But when it come right down to it, justified, sanctified. But when it come down to it, he could not go on to the upper room, receive the Holy Ghost. He sold his Lord out for 30 pieces of silver, went and hung himself. Right. My So there we know what's the most important thing. It ain't worried about that. It's that your names are written in heaven. Praise the Lord Jesus. If I'm in him and he's in me and uh uh if we're one together, then what have we have to worry about? Amen. He's given us that power of authority to overcome all all of the enemy. All of the tricks of the enemy, he's given us authority and power over. Remember, Good Friday did not have the final say. Easter Sunday did. Amen. Amen. The grave did not have the final word. Death did not have the final word. Hell did not have the final word. Darkness does not have the final word. Pilate even there sentencing Jesus as Micah is saying didn't want to tried to wash the blood off his hands. He couldn't do it. He had not did not have the final word. In fact, Jesus said Pilate told him, "I have the power to kill you." Oh, no you don't. You wouldn't have one ounce of power if my father hadn't given it to you. Right. There's You couldn't touch me if it weren't given to you already. Praise the Lord. It don't matter what the devil tries to tell you. It doesn't matter what the devil tries to say to you, do to you. Amen. He can't do anything without God's authority. That's right. Amen. And you have authority over that enemy. Yes. Every every enemy, every power. Praise the Lord. Pilate has no power. Had no power over Jesus. Death Helen had had not the final word. Amen. Hell didn't have the final word. Heaven does. Yes. Praise the Lord. The grave didn't have the final word. Death didn't have the final word. Resurrection did. Amen. The grave didn't have the final word. Life has the final word. Yes. Darkness today it does. It looks dark out there, friend. Yes. But darkness does not have the final word. The light does. Yes. Praise the Lord. When the light comes up, the darkness has to scatter. Right. It has no choice. The darkness cannot stay when light comes. Yes. Praise the Lord. Let's go over to Romans now. Chapter 8. Romans 8. Amen. Power of the resurrection. Amen. Authority of the resurrection. Standing on his word. Romans chapter 8. Amen. Let's read a few verses of scripture here. Let's start with the seventh verse. Romans 8:7. Because the carnal mind is enmity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. Right. In the flesh. Because where did the authority come? Amen. The authority doesn't come in the flesh. The power doesn't come in the flesh. Yes. Amen. The powers the power authority is not here. The power and authority is in the is in the spirit realm. Amen. Not here. Praise the Lord. You move all heaven and earth by the words that you speak, but not in the natural. It's in the spiritual. Praise the Lord. So, if we're in the flesh, what can we profit, right? Nothing can be profited in the flesh. It's not subject to the law of God. Neither indeed can be. So then, they that are in the flesh cannot please God. Cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so, be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Amen. Now, if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. So, you can't claim to that. If you don't have the spirit of God, you're not a part of him. Amen. You can try and say and do all you want. Won't work for you because you're not part of him. Amen. You must be part of him for this to work. You must have the Holy Ghost. You must be a born again Christian. It is not an option. Yes. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, you are none of his. Right. Praise God. If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he's none of his. Right. Amen. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. Now, think about the think about the woman that that that that Jesus caught in in the act of adultery. And think about that for a moment. Everybody around her was ready to stone her to death. Oh, what a horrible sin she has committed. And yeah, it wasn't good. Yeah, it was against the law. Yeah, it it was an unrighteous act. But everybody is so mortified because of this woman that they're ready to stone her to death, right? What did Jesus do? Amen. Think about it. Amen. They're ready to kill her. Oh, what a horrible thing this woman has done. What a horrible individual. Jesus settles down and starts writing. Imagine. Can you imagine? It never says in the scripture what he's writing down, but I've often uh uh speculated maybe he's writing their names down when I'm sure many of them he doesn't know. Maybe he's writing their name down and their sins, right? Maybe he's writing their sins down. Yes. And they're like, "U, hey, I'm out of here." Amen. Maybe he's writing their sins down. They're sitting there accusing her and they're sitting there just as hypocritical as anything. Write stoning her for hers and Jesus writing their sins down. Right? Amen. I don't doubt that that's the case, friend. You know why? Because he said, "Ye without sin can cast the first stone." Right? How can they say, "Well, I'm guilty of that. I'm guilty of that. Oh, God, I'm guilty of that." And we're so easy. Why are we so eager to make everybody so guilty? Yes. Why are we so eager to put everybody in hell? Yeah. Why are we so eager to stone people to death? Right. When we are just as guilty as any of the rest. Amen. Amen. We we we puff our chest out. We act so pious and self-righteous. We are we are the the epitome of sinless perfection. Everybody must bow down to me. Oh, really? Let's go before that great light of God and see if you say the same thing. Right. Amen. And that's what their standard pious my my my law says. Well, it says here too and what you just did and this and that and the other. Oh, I'm not sure about that. Amen. Reminds me of that time brother Green told the story of that uh when he watched and saw and that that uh uh I think it was the woman came forth and uh said that she had been unfaithful to her husband and her husband comes storming out there to to to do something to his wife come storming out. How dare you woman do this? And brother Brandham stops and points at him and says and how about you and your redheaded secretary the other day. Amen. Brother, Brother Green said he probably left skid marks. He stopped so fast. Mhm. Amen. Amen. Oh, how dare you do that, woman. Well, what about you? And that redheaded Oh my. Right. Amen. There it is. Name. Write it down. Yes. Amen. I imagine probably as soon as Jesus wrote down so and so's name and so and that sin, they probably, oh boy, I better get out of it. They probably dropped their rock and they took off. Right. Amen. One at a time. They saw it, dropped it, left. He said, "Now ye without sin, cast the first stone." Right? People are always happy to cast the stones until it points at them. Amen. What's the old saying? Cast stones and live in a glass house, right? Amen. Amen. Cast stones and want to cast stones all the time. Oh, how could they do that? How could they be that way? Well, God help. You know, if it weren't for the grace of God, you'd be a bum or a prisoner or a prostitute on the corner street right now. God help me. God help us all saints. Amen. We have we are in no position to judge somebody else. Amen. And every one of them. And as he looked up, he said, "Lady, woman, where are thy accusers?" She might not have even noticed it. She's probably sitting there bracing for the stones, right? She might not have even noticed it, right? When Jesus said, "Where are your accusers?" She probably, "I don't have any." Jesus stood up and said, "Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more." Praise the Lord. Amen. Set that woman free. Amen. You think that woman lived a perfect sinless life after that? Of course, she didn't. She was a human, right? Amen. Like all the rest of us, I don't think she ever committed did that again. But she wasn't a sinless person after that. She was a human being. Yes. Amen. Just like when the Lord fills us with his spirit and we become born again Christians and we live our Christian life, that doesn't mean you're perfect, sinless. That doesn't mean you never did anything wrong the rest of from yet from that time forward. You never did one more thing or thought one more thing or anything wrong in your life. Yes, that's right. Amen. Now, where are our stones? Amen. I like to believe my stone was rolled away at Calvary at the at the suppler. Amen. That stone was rolled away and Jesus came forth. Praise the Lord. Conquering and to conquer. Thank God for that. Amen. Look at this. Now, let's pick up where we left off. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. Amen. Not our righteousness. As Paul said, it's not my righteousness which is of the law. Amen. To be a good person. To be a good person, you live on your own right. It's not my righteousness. Paul said, "It's not it's it's not my righteousness, not the good deeds I've done. It's his righteousness. But it's the spirit of life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead, that Holy Spirit, God's spirit that raised Jesus from the dead dwell in you. He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. Amen. Praise God. by his spirit that dwelleth in you. He's quickening. We talked about I I told you the other day we got depth in that quickening that I was going to mess up my Christmas my Easter message. But that quickening power was to take and make alive that that was dead. What is that? To make alive that that was dead is resurrection. Praise the Lord. That's what resurrection is. That's what Easter is. is to come forth to have life after death is to bring forth life to those that are dead. Amen. Amen. That quickening power by the spirit of God, the spirit of that same spirit, the Holy Spirit, again, if that spirit's not in you, you're none of his, right? You must be born again. Amen. You must be born again. That spirit of God that is in there, that Holy Spirit is what quickens that power, the quickening of power of God quickens our mortal bodies. Our mortal bodies, you feel that quickening power when the spirit of God comes and moves in your midst. Amen. I don't care if you're in a restaurant. I don't care if you're in the grocery store. I don't care if you're at home. I don't care if you're in your car. You don't have to be in church, right? I don't care if you're in church. Yeah. But you sometimes you feel that quickening power will come on you. Yes. Amen. Sometimes you feel it's just moving and pulsating inside you. That quickening power because it's life. Amen. Amen. It's life in you. It's like brother Random talked about that dew drop when the sun comes up in the morning and that dew drop fell in the darkness of the evening and that dew drop comes. We don't have much dew here in Tucson. So it's maybe a little bit of an anomaly for us, but I've lived in the east and I've seen it when that dew drop coming and when you go outside on a blade of grass, that little drop of dew drop sitting there on that grass, brother talked about that sun comes up, that little dew drop, it'll just start quivering. It's getting ready. Amen. Cuz life's come up. The quickening power is hitting that dew drop. Amen. It's coming to life. Praise the Lord. That little dew drop starts quivering and it starts moving as that stun sun starts getting higher and higher because that dew drop is ready to go back where it came from. Amen. Praise the Lord. Look friend, this su n has risen but the s o n has risen. The power of his resurrection has caused in us that quivering, that power to shake within us. There's an identification in my soul. It's starting to come as much in my flesh too as I see the way this world is going. But I feel that quickening power in my soul, the quivering of that power in my soul because this body, this person, this this mortal who I we're getting ready to go home. Yes. Amen. It's quivering. It's shaking. It's with great anticipation of that sun, the s o n rising has risen for us to go and meet him in the air. Amen. So shall we ever be with the Lord. That is the power of the resurrection, saints. Praise the Lord. Oh, it's wonderful. Jesus, Christ raised, but what about us? What about the raising of us in that power? Praise the Lord. It done him good. That's great. But I want it to do me good, too. Amen. I want that power to be transferable. I want that power to come into my life. I want that power to be in my life so that as it raised him, just as the scripture said, as it raised him, it will also raise me. Amen. It'll also bring to light this mortal body. Oh, in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, saints, yes, there'll be a changing of our bodies. Amen. But said it'll be like a pin prick. It's the way he described it. That'll change our mortal bodies. If we're here to the rapture, it'll change our mortal bodies. And so shall we go with the Lord to be with him, meet him in the air, and so shall we ever be with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's like that due drop, that quickening power that comes that raised up Jesus. It'll raise up our mortal, but it'll quicken our mortal bodies. I believe that quickening power is already taking place in our lives. Yes. Amen. just continues to pulsate through us as we walk through life, as we serve the Lord. We feel that quickening power. Again, like I said, don't matter. You can feel it when you're in the grocery store. You can feel it when you go to a restaurant. You can feel it in your car. Talk to him. Put him first. Think on him. Amen. Amen. Sing songs. Worship him. He comes on the scene, saints. That's why I enjoy feeling him in our services. So powerful, God. The the quickening power. so powerful comes into our lives. Yes, it changes everything. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Because it quickens us. It makes us that power of the resurrection makes us alive. It quickens our mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. Praise the Lord. That's what I said. It's just like a a a Matthew 25. Those that did not have it, they're like, "Oh, we're going to go out real quick and get it." No, it doesn't work that way. You have to have it when he comes or you're none of his. Praise the Lord. They said, "Give us yours." No, you got to go where we got it. Right. Amen. I can't give you mine. I won't have you for myself. Right. Kind of a crude analogy, but that's the way the scripture describes it, right? Amen. You got to go get for yourself. They go when they go when they try to get it and you see what happens. The Lord comes and takes his chosen home. Yes, he does. Praise the Lord. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, ye shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. Praise the Lord. That quickening power, it makes alive. Amen. Amen. It makes alive. When Jesus attended a funeral, a man came to life. Yes. Can you imagine? When life comes, death can't stay where there's life. Praise the Lord. You you you can keep somebody in a deep dark dungeon, but as soon as that light comes up, life strikes. It changes everything. You can leave a seed in the ground, but as soon as that light comes up and hits it, that there's life in light. There's life in that quickening power. Amen. First Corinthians now, chapter 15. Close here in just a minute. 1 Corinthians chapter 15. 1 Corinthians 15:42. Let's read here. So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption. It is raised in incorruption. Praise the Lord. Because again, we're still mortals. We're still humans. Amen. It is sown in corruption, but it is raised in incorruption. Resurrection. It is sown in dishonor. It is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness. It is raised in power. Amen. Good Friday didn't have the final say, right? Praise the Lord. The devil, I got him now. No, you don't. You just played right into his hands. That's exactly what was supposed to happen. If it wasn't, he had called 12 legions of babies to come and take him off that cross. That was exactly what was supposed to happen. Praise the Lord. Oh, now what's he got? He doesn't just have one on his hands. Now he's got millions that he's having to fight against. Raised in power. It is sown a natural body. It is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body. There is a spiritual body. And so it is written, the first man, Adam, was made a living soul. The last Adam was made a quickening spirit. Amen. Praise the Lord. That quickening spirit with the power of the resurrection to trade to to to uh uh transfer that power to you to transfer that power to whomsoever he will. Yeah. So that now we can have that same authority. You can tell the devil what to do. You can tell the devil where to go. Yes. If you have that spirit in you, it's the same quickening power. Amen. It's the same life. A life he cannot fight against. He's tried many times. He even tried when he came forth to deceive him on the mount uh uh of temptation. He tried to deceive him, but he still couldn't. He couldn't do it because death can't dwell with there's life. Amen. Praise the Lord. The last Adam is a quickening spirit. A spirit to bring forth life or uh as you would say lifegiving. Amen. This last Adam was made a lifegiving spirit. And amongst of all the death, that spirit is the lifegiving spirit. It brings life to those to to that that is dead to that that is his. Praise the Lord. That belongs to him. It was a It was a uh quickening spirit today. It still quickens. Still quickens to us our lives today. Amen. One more scripture. St. John chapter 6. St. John chapter 6. read a few verses of scripture starting with the 60th verse. Get back to read the scripture of the analogy we made a little bit earlier. St. John chapter 6 verse 60. Amen. So thankful for Easter. Amen. I've told you before I've I've seen the Passion movie. I saw it uh one time with brother Juel Forny in the theater. in the Xolo. It was uh it was hard to watch. Uh and I I I bought it because I wanted to see it again. And I've actually watched it one time to the part where he's being I don't even know where it is today. You know where it is? Okay. My wife knows. I don't even know where it is. I put it in one time to watch it. I was going to watch that movie again. I watched it all the way up to the part He's getting scores. I just couldn't take it anymore. Right. I actually had to turn it off. I know he did that for me and I and I'm so thankful that he went through that for me, but I just couldn't watch it. I I started I it started getting to that point. I had to shut it off. I've never touched it again. It's wherever it is. I've never seen it again. I I maybe I'll break it out one day and try to watch it again if I can to see if I can get I just couldn't get through that part. Amen. It just it just tore me up so bad. I couldn't watch it anymore to think of what my savior went through for me. It it was just more than I could take as a mortal, as a human. And and and I I actually think of myself as a pretty resilient individual sometimes. U I've been we've been through a lot. I've had a lot go on in life. And you know, uh, I feel like when the devil comes in like a flood, God's always raised that standard. And we've just, you just keep going and crest every wave and, you know, and just keep pressing the battle. Just keep moving forward. Resilient. Amen. Don't worry about those things and what tomorrow's going to bring. Amen. It may hold something totally different than what you're thinking. Amen. And I've seen that happen in my life so many times. But when it got to that part, I just couldn't watch it. Amen. It just tore me up so bad I couldn't watch. I put it away. I haven't seen it since. So, but it it it it's reality. It's what uh it's what he went through for us. I personally believe and and I could be totally wrong, but I personally believe that if Brother Brandon was here to see that movie, I believe he would have identified that movie as the closest that he would that that has been dramatized to what actually happened, right? Simply because and and I don't I don't venture without authority here. Uh I say that because of the descriptions that I've read that brother Graham gives an account of that day. Right. Yeah. When I read and and what brother Brandham gives, that's a dramatization of the account of that day and I watch that movie, they come pretty close to the same thing. That's that's one reason I say that that that he would have said that if he was here to see that movie, right? Amen. Because because of the description, the dramatization he's given of that time of being able to actually see his rib cage. He was beat so badly. Yes. Amen. U I when I it it just but it was it was more than I could take. Amen. Again, maybe one day I'll be able to break it out and read it again. But Amen. We're in St. John chapter 6. Like I said, I'm going to close here. St. John chapter 6 verse 60. Many therefore of his disciples when they heard this said, "This is a hard saying." This is what the we had said just earlier. Amen. They like they liked all the miracles. They liked all the moving of the spirit. They liked the gifts of the spirit. They liked the operating of the gifts. They liked all those things happening. They liked watching the 5,000 get fed with loaves and fishes. They enjoyed all that. So much so they just followed Jesus around. Amen. They were just followers. They weren't they weren't disciples. They were just followers. Right. Amen. But when it got down to the truth of the word Amen. And Jesus told them, "I am the bread of life." Yes. You must partake of me or you have no life in you. He said, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you." Yes. Many therefore of his disciples when they heard this said, "This is a hard saying. Who can hear it?" Right? Who could hear this? Amen. I can imagine even his actual disciples are probably looking at each other thinking, "What is he talking about?" Right? What is eat his flesh? He's never told us that before. But he didn't give them any context. He didn't give them any explanation. Yes. He didn't tell them what he meant. He just said, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you." And left it right there. So only the believer is going to follow that. Yes. Follow that and hold to that and trust that is the word of God. Yes. As we read, listen, many therefore his disciples when they heard this saying, "This is a hard saying. Who can hear it?" I tell you, there's one group today that'll hear it and she's called the bride. Amen. She'll hear it. She'll live it. Yes. She'll become it because it is her. Yes, sir. Amen. That's right. When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, "Does this offend you?" What if you shall see the son of man ascend up where he was before? It is the spirit that quickenth. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's not the words. It's the spirit. The spirit that quickenth. It's the spirit that brings the revelation on the word. Amen. The flesh profitth nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not. And who should betray him? And he said, therefore uh therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me except it were given unto him of my father. From that time, many of his disciples went back and walked no more with him. Oh, it was great when the 70 came and they're celebrating and they're saying, "Even the devils are subject unto us to thy name." They that was great. They were revering in all the gifts of the spirit. But when the word came, what did they do? They departed away from that because they couldn't hear it. Right? It was a hard saying for them. It was something that they could not receive. That's why Jesus said that the spirit is what quickens. Amen. If you could receive this, it is a spirit that quickenth. That's why Jesus told Peter when you're converted, then you can strengthen the brothers. Yes. In other words, I I heard something on the I said this last night, but I heard something on the radio the other day uh that this minister, pope or priest, whatever he was come up and he talked about. You know, the thing I just couldn't understand though was when Peter when Peter what Peter did, I said, "Oh, what a lack of revelation. What a misunderstanding of the scripture." God had every bit of that purposely done. Jesus had already told Peter when you're converted then you can strengthen the brothers. Yes. Right. At that time Peter was not converted. Right. Oh my. What? What? What? See it just brings what? The carnal mind comes in. That's why Jesus said it's the spirit that quickens. Yes. Amen. Not the carnal mind. Not the not the human nature. Amen. But the spirit that quickens. The spirit is what brings it to life. The spirit is what reveals it. The spirit is what helps you to grasp and and not understand but just become a part of your life. But many of them left from that time. They they couldn't hear it. They walked with him no more. Amen. You know, the same thing happened in brother Brown's ministry. That people still follow the gifts and all all they really cared about was the gifts. And a lot of people today, that's kind of what they follow. They they're more concerned with the gifts, right? I even knew of a sister back that was uh here when Brother Brandon was here. She's passed on now back in North Carolina. And she said, "Oh, if Brother Brandon was just here," I said, "What would he do now that God can't already do, right?" What? So you're I I didn't say this, but So you're saying when Brother Brandham died, God died. What's the point of him being here then? Amen. You see how that that that carnal mind looks at that and and thinks on those things. It's the word that brings life. Yes. It's the the the spirit on the word that brings it to life. Amen. Because it's the spirit that quicken it and makes it life. They walked with him no more. 67th verse. Then Jesus said unto the twel, "Will ye go all uh also go away?" Then Simon Peter start speaks spokesman of the group answered him Lord to whom shall we go? Thou has the words of eternal life and we believe that and are sure that thou art that Christ the son of the living God. Amen. He says I've chosen you and one of you is a devil. Yeah. But Peter I I don't Peter had not been converted. I don't believe Peter had any more understanding of what Jesus was saying than the ones that walked away. He just had enough spirit in him. He just had enough knowledge. Well, it was that that that seed. Yes. That germ seed of life. Yes. Amen. That representation. He had the representation. The others walked away. Had no representation. Amen. He had that representation to realize you had the words of eternal life. We believe what you tell us. We might not understand it all, but we know that you have the words of eternal life. And wherever you go, we're going with you. Yeah. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm sure at the same time, he's probably looking over at Adam, Andrew, and what is he talking about? I don't know. I've never heard him say that before. What could he possibly be meaning? Amen. Try to figure it out. Just like they did at the last supper. Amen. Amen. murmuring amongst each other who's the greatest, who is the best, you know, who's the who's the greatest one? What who is he thinks the best one? Who is the number one amongst the group? You Amen. Just it's just humans as humans do. Praise the Lord. It didn't matter. Amen. Because we were all a part of that body. We're all a part of him in in in that light. Thank God that he that the power of that resurrection's been transferred. Amen. transferred to us. So now we have that authority. Amen. Over all the power of Satan. That includes death, hell, and the grave. Because he rose, I rose. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand today. Only way I could rise is because he rose. The only way that I could stand victorious is because he is already conquered. The only way I could be more than a conqueror is because he conquered. Conquered death, hell, and the grave. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful the Lord did that for me, for us that we would be able to have that authority today. What is there to worry about, saints? What is there to fret over? What is there to get all excited and tore up about? God has it all in his hands. Amen. The only doubt would that the only doubt that could possibly come is if someone just doesn't belong to him and doesn't have the faith to believe it. I don't want to be one of them. Believe him. I trust him. His word is true. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you today. Let's sing this chorus again. We sang it earlier today. Amen. Praise the Lord. God's not dead. He is alive. Let's celebrate a little bit. Amen. They were all depressed and down Good Friday. But when he rose again, they were confused. Amen. They were a little confused, but it was a happy time cuz he was back again. Praise the Lord. And today, Amen. Jesus God's not dead. Jesus is not dead. He's still alive. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Well, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. My God was he alive. I feel him in my head. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over me. Hallelujah. Yes. God did. Amen. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my seat. I feel him in my heart. And I feel it all over. All you got now. Yes. God. He is alive. God. He is alive. God. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him walking. One more time now. It's God's darkness. He is alive. God is alive. God's goodness. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. And I feel him all over me. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Yes. Thank you, Lord. He is not dead. Yes. He is alive. He has arisen. And saints, if he's not dead, that means I'm not dead. Yes. If he couldn't die, that means I can't die. Amen. If he rose again, that means I'll rise again. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. This corruptible will put on incorruption. This mortality will put on immortality. Amen. Death, hell, and the grave has been conquered. Yes. It no longer has a hold on God's children. Yes. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise God. I'm so glad I serve a rising risen living savior. Yes. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes, he is. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you today. Happy Easter to you. Yes. Amen. Thank you for those who come and was here today. God bless you if you were streaming. Amen. Appreciate the Lord's goodness to us more than anything. Amen. Praise the Lord. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord today. Amen. Please remember the pray request. We had uh several requests and several not feeling good today. Please remember them in prayer if you would. Uh also, as far as I know now, I'm still supposed to be scheduled to uh work in town next week. So, uh we'll have scheduled regular scheduled service next week. Amen. Just trust the Lord richly bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord.
