################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-09 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 682025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-09
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/8/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oJe0x2mLmk
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/8/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again in water. Something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We stand and sing it again. We're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good God has in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to his name. Yes. Praise the Lord. Nothing like coming in. Amen. Off of a week and coming into the Sunday morning service and refreshing and renewed and just worshiping the Lord Jesus. Amen. Feeling the pulsation of the power of his Holy Ghost moving among us and worshiping him and praising him, feeling him moving in on our midst. Amen. And flowing in through this place. Amen. What it is just to worship the Lord. Feels so good. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. There's a lot of people worshiping a lot of different entities out there today. A lot of different gods and sports and different things, but Amen. We're here to worship the Lord Jesus. Amen. So, God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Greetings in the name of the Lord Jesus. Appreciate each one of you being here. Amen. So thankful that God give us another opportunity. We don't know how many more of these we'll have, saints. We don't. I believe time is that close. But amen, we have now. We're thankful that God's give us now. So, amen. We're expecting the Lord to move in a special way today. Amen. So, let's just open the service in prayer. Bow our heads for a word of prayer if we could. Lord Jesus, very thankful again today, Lord, of your grace and mercy. Thankful so much, Lord, of what you've given us, what you've done for us, shown to us. Lord, we know that we are a blessed people, Lord. And we realize and recognize in our own humanity that we are blessed beyond beyond measure. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, for it's your unmmerited favor that you give to us every day. It's your unmarited favor that allows us to come and be in this place. And what you've done for us, Lord, is uh we're so thankful for, God. May you bless this service, Lord. Bless each has come. May your hand be upon everyone, Lord. help those who may be streaming, those who may not have been able to make it for some reason. Lord, we just lift them up before you as well. But we're expecting a wonderful time in you today, God. We're expecting you to meet with us once again. For we are two or three and we are gathered in your name. And we know that if those criteria are met, you will meet with us. We expect you to be here, Lord. We know that you're here because your promised word says you would be move upon every heart and every life. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way. May you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done in this place today. May we lift our voices. May we worship you. May we glorify and praise your holy name for you are our God. You are our savior and we love you today, Lord. We worship you. We give you thanks and praise. We commit this service now in the name of the Lord Jesus into your hands. We pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. We're going to start with song number 97. This little chorus in the book. We'll have it on the screen here as well. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Amen. This old world can never hold me. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so glad of that. Aren't you? Amen. Let's sing it to him now. This old world can never hold me anymore. And I'll be gone for I made my consecration and I have no wedding garment home. Oh, this whole world can never hold me anymore. Oh, and I'll be gone. For I made my consecration and I have my wedding garment on. Hallelujah. Yes, this whole world can never hold me anymore. And I'll be gone. For I paid my concentration and I have my wedding garment on again now. Yes, this old world can never hold me anymore. And I'll be gone for I made my consecration and I have a way to go one more time now. Yes, this old world it can never hold me well anymore. Then I'll be gone for I made my [Music] consecration and I have my wedding garment home. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh saints, I'm so glad that this world cannot hold us. I'm so glad this world has no hold on us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Any moment. Any moment. I believe that any moment we'll be gone. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Number song number 628. Amen. 628 the book. We'll have it on the screen. Soon and very soon. Praise the Lord Jesus. Soon and very soon. I'm looking forward to that. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing it to him now. Well, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu hallelu. We're going to see the king. There's no more crying there. We are going to see the king. There's no more crying there. We are going to see the King. Hallelujah. No more crying. There we are going to see the King. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the King. And there's no more dying there. Amen. Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] There is no more dying. There we are going to see the king. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. When it's soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu, hallelu, we're going. Let's sing it one more time. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. Amen. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon, saints. Praise the Lord. I believe that with all my heart. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. No more dying there. No more crying there. Amen. And I'm not going to see a king. Amen. I'm not going to see a race car driver called the king. I'm not going to any basketball player that's called the king. I'm not going to see Michael Jackson who they called the king. I'm not going to see King George who maybe ruled England. I'm not I'm going to see the king. Amen. Amen. The Lord Jesus is the king. Praise God. That's who I'm interested in. That's where I'm headed for. That's what I'm longing for. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Songs number 42. Now, before we go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Songs number 42. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on, saints. How about you? Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it now. Amen. Our heavenly home is right and there I feel like traveling on. More pain, more death in winter. There I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling traveling on. I feel like traveling home. Well, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. It's glittering towers. The sunshine. I feel like traveling home. That heavenly mansion shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling, traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Well, let others see a home below. I feel like traveling on his name or waves or flow. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes. I feel like traveling, traveling on. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home is tight and where I feel like traveling on. Oh well, the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling traveling on. I feel like traveling home where my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling. Let's sing that last verse again. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling home. Oh yes, I feel like traveling, traveling on. I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I feel like that little dew drop, saints, right when the sun starts breaking the day and that little dew drop starts shaking and shimmering. Oh, it's just like that now. Amen. I believe this bride is in great anticipation, expectation, saints. We see things around us going on. We see prophecy being fulfilled. Yes. Amen. 70 year old prophecy being fulfilled in our day. What do we do about it? I feel like traveling on. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. How wonderful it is, saints, to be living in the day that we live. I know it's a hard day. I know it's tough, especially to see all the sin think oh my. I I can't I can't even begin to describe. You think it's something out here and you think it's something in Tucson, man. When you go to those big cities, it's just it it was just it was so much. It's neat to see things you never seen before. But my my it just was so grieving. So many things just so demonic, so evil, so wicked just to see. You see a little taste of it, I guess, from time to time here. But just it's so bad. It's just gotten so wicked. And we're probably and the sad part of it is even with all of that, we are still probably the best country in the world for as far as that's concerned. Oh God help us. I feel like traveling home, saints. Amen. I feel like going home. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. In his time though, in his time, in his way. Amen. The Lord make a way as he always does. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. So thankful to be back with you. Amen. Appreciate your prayers. Thank you. I thank the Lord for blessing us, giving us a good trip, good time together. Uh it was a long trip, but everything just the Lord just kind of brought everything together and all the flights were good and on time and uh everything just kind of come as we got there and uh we check in and there stands somebody to help us with what we were wanting to do and stuff like that. It was just so nice. Uh so good to be away. So good to see things we've never seen before, been a part of and partake of and uh just appreciate the Lord's blessing. And uh we got a little bit of rest, but we also I tallied it up on my uh thing on my phone uh my uh help thing that comes on your phone. Uh I for I didn't count the steps, but we we walked about 50 miles while we were gone. Me and Sonia did. And you know, Sonia was had a little congestion and cough before we left. And um it didn't get a whole lot better while we were gone. It did a little bit, but she still was a trooper and just stayed right there. We uh we did a lot of walking, a lot of uh u investigating and looking and uh just enjoyed the time. So appreciate the Lord's goodness. And again, I appreciate one's indulgence for the time off of service. If I had a little help, maybe ministering wise, we wouldn't have had to done that. We have somebody else to step in. But anyway, the Lord always makes a way. So appreciate your patience with us and uh your prayers and the Lord's been good. So very thankful Lord's good to us today. Amen. I'm leaving out again today. Uh going to California to work. So appreciate your prayers for that as well. Uh Sister Norma said that she u uh I guess they had to get the battery on her car charged or something this morning. So, she thought she'd be a little bit late, which she is, but she did give a couple of prayer requests she wanted us to mention today. Uh, we want to remember her granddaughter, Amanda. Uh, I believe it was Amanda in prayer. Uh, she she's still having a lot of problems with her stomach even after the surgery. Uh, so please remember her in prayer if you will. Also, uh, as we have found out and as Sonia has told me and and all that has several of you may already know, but please remember Sister Dorothy in prayer uh, up in the White Mountains, uh, a precious older sister that's been very dear friends to Sister Norma and of course my wife and different ones. So, please remember her in prayer. She's very sick, sick, weak, uh, and really needs a touch from the Lord. We've prayed for her several times in the past. uh she's really needed a touch from the Lord and the Lord's brought her through and the Lord has helped her and brought her into this place. Uh but you know these bodies uh they were intentionally when God created us meant to last forever but after the fallen sin uh they are not intended to last forever. Uh so there does come a time the Lord carries we'll all go that way. Uh but we do want to remember our sister in prayer. Um that the Lord would just touch her and strengthen her and bring her back. We we don't know what the will of the Lord is, but we're believing that God's uh bringing health and strength back into our sister Dorothy. So please remember that in prayer if you would. Good to see brother and sister Pat. Amen. God bless you. Miss y'all so much when you're not here. Wish I could tell you how much I miss you, but I know you try. I do. Uh but we sure miss you so much. Good to have Anna and Steve back with us, too. God bless you as well and each of you. So thankful the Lord's blessed us. Amen. Anyone else have a request on your heart. That's all I have for prayer requests. So remember those that aren't here for Sister Karen's back in the mountains. Please remember Sister Lydia and Sister Sheilia uh in prayer. Um I'm Sister Sister Julie. I'm sorry. Sister She is right there waving her hand at me saying you're misspoken, brother. Sister Julie is who I meant to say. So please forgive me. Anyone else in have a prayer request and art here. Anyone else? Yes. Yes. I just want to remind our congregation Ron L is colleges and the just said, "Yeah, six months." I told him, "Lord, that's the ultimate healer." Um, you know, Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes. He needs the Lord in his life. He's got Danny in his life. So, he'll just take that. Just accept the Lord as his savior and his healer. But let's please continue to remember Danny's friend and neighbor. Anyone else? Glad the Lord blessed Micah's trip was a safe travel and a good time bring him back safe as well. So have unspoken request on those today. Let's stand to our feet if we could. Amen. Appreciate each one of you today. Ask brother Dennis brother if you would to take these us. Lord Jesus we come before you and humble us. Yes, Lord Jesus. Knowing by your grace, Father, you have called us to your marvelous truth. Amen. It's not anything we deserve, Father. It's your grace, your mercy has reached down and brought us Lord God, out of this world of sin and debauchery and and you revealed yourself as Lord and Savior and you have come and revealed yourself with your word. You'll get a bride ready for Thank you, Lord. A bride that's is going to be displaying Jesus Christ in her. And Lord, we recognize according to your word that your word is understood by revelation. Yes. Not by understanding, not by theology, but revelation. And Lord, open our hearts that much more to the lateness of the hour. Yes, Jesus. Father, the world is groaning and travailing. The prophet said that this world with all the earthquakes, with all the volcanoes, with all that is happening is Lord showing that it's headed for that new heavens, that new earth, that's what it's groaning for, Father. Yes, God. Amen. And Lord, help us to recognize that if we're so caught up with the things of the world, Lord, trying to establish ourselves that you're coming as a way off, we're going to miss it. The prophet even said, "If you're not prayed up, you're not in the spirit, you're not reading the word, you're not hearing no tape, you're not coming to church, you're not paying your tithe, you're not loving one another. Oh father, we're going to be caught up with the mark of the beast and not even know it. Oh, it's a sobering hour. Father God, as the word says, when they say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon this world like a woman in travail, and there shall not be escape. Lord, speak to our hearts as our our pastor has spoken. the hour slave. I believe along with him and many others in this congregation today, your coming is very very close. Amen. Unless you speak to our hearts, we're going to miss it. Father, help us, Lord. We're going to play church. We're going to uh just take you for granted. The word has come. We have no excuse. We got to try harder. Help us. We got to persevere. Help us. We got to be more diligent than ever before, Father. And Lord, there are many are sick this morning. Yes, Lord. Oh, Sister Normous request. And Sister Dorothy, we claim victory. You claim their healing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. For thou art a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Hallelujah. And with his stripes we are healed and we claim it. We believe it. Father, we are more than conquerors in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Greater heed us in us than he us in the world. Thank you. If God be with us, who can be against us? Oh father, all the unspoken requests, you know the hearts of your children, may you grant to them an overflowing portion of their desires. Grant it Lord. Father grant it and bless the service this morning. May our hearts be hungering and thirsting for your righteousness knowing we shall be filled. Amen. And let the word just come and just make us more better Christians in the full stature of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. In your name we pray. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you like. Amen. Praise the Lord. So thankful for the Lord's goodness blessing us today. Amen. Micah has a song he wants to sing for us today. So pray for him. Bless him. Amen. Lord bless him. Amen. Bless you. I sang the song several times. I thought it was in the program, but it's not. But most probably most All the words of a single [Music] [Music] one. I hear the sound of a mighty rushing wind. Yes, Jesus. And it's closer now than it's ever been. I can almost hear the [Music] trumpet as Gabriel sounds the [Music] call at the midnight cry. We'll be glowing homeless. Hallelujah. And when Jesus steps out on the clouds of all his children, the dead in Christ shall rise and meet him in the air. Those that remain will be quickly changed. Thank you, Jesus. At the midnight. Amen. We'll be going home. I look around me. We see prophecies fulfilling and the signs of the time appearing everywhere. I can almost see our father saying son to mid your children at the midnight cry. The bride of Christ will rise. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. And when Jesus steps out on the clouds of all his children, the dead in Christ arise to meet him in the air. And those that remain will be quickly changed in the midnight cry. We'll be going home. Amen. Yes, Jesus. That last verse again. As we look around us, we see prophecies fulfilling. Amen. Yes, Lord. And there signs of the times. They're appearing [Music] everywhere. I can almost see the father saying, "Son, come get your children. [Music] At the midnight, the bride of Christ will rise. And when Jesus steps down on the clouds of all his children, the dead in Christ shall rise to meet in the air. And those that [Music] remain will be bleaching. Yes. Amen. At the midnight. Hallelujah. We'll be going home. That's when Jesus steps out on the clouds of all his children. telling Christ our lives in the air and those that [Music] remain will be quickly [Music] At the midnight [Music] crime, at the midnight cry, we'll be going home. [Music] Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Praise the Lord. Thank you Lord. Amen. Praise his holy name. Thank you Jesus. You believe that saints? Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Any moment, anytime, we see prophecy fulfilling. We recognize what the Lord's doing in our lives. And more than any of that, we can feel the spirit that's within us churning and Amen. moving. Amen. That speaks to me more than anything. Yes. Praise the Lord. what the Lord's doing in my life. Amen. What the Lord's doing in our lives. Amen. The Lord's moving in your life, in your spirit. Amen. Crying, calling. Amen. It's about time, saints. Yes. Amen. Ready to go home? Yes. Be with the Lord Jesus. Amen. Anyone else have a song or testimony or something on your heart? Lord, Jesus. I was looking at Sarah if God wants you to do something and keep you around. Amen. He made Sarah young again. Yes. He wasn't done with her. Praise the Lord. That's right. Anybody whatever. Amen. You get ready to die then. Yep. You're going to go be with the Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. That's so true. Amen. That's so true. I know how many times I've even said here, Amen. Lord's will be done, but as far as I'm concerned, when when my work's done, I just soon not hang around this nasty place. I just soon quit a golden home. I love my wife and my family and all of you, and I love being here. I love uh having life. Amen. Uh but I'm only here for him. Yes. So when that purpose is fulfilled and done then what purpose do I have uh is because my whole my whole reason for living is him. Yes. My whole my whole point of being is him. So if there's no him then there's no me. There's no me then just you know I'm I'm done. So let me go. Praise the Lord. But if there's work to do, if there's something to be done, if there's a reason for my being here, Amen. then praise the Lord. Let's do everything we can. Amen. to fulfill what that purpose is the Lord put in our life to do. Amen. Because we're only here for him. Praise the Lord. That's the reason we're here. Here is for him. Praise. Let's don't ever lose sight of that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Anyone else? Amen. Let's go ahead and stand to our feet then and we'll just turn to the scripture now uh in back into Romans chapter 8. This will be the last uh as far as I can tell now this will be the last part of the of this manifested sons of God. So this will be adoption part 16 manifested sons of God part five and again the Lord willing this will be um far as I can see now this will be the last part of the manifested sons of God portion of adoption. Amen. Amen. So, Romans chapter 8. Amen. We'll just begin reading here. Read a few verses of scripture. We let you be seated. We'll start with the 19th verse. So, Romans 8 19. That's where we want to begin reading today. Before we do though, could we just bow our heads for another word of prayer? Precious Lord, we're again so very thankful, Father, of your blessings and your love to us. Thank you so much for this service, this time. Thank you for this place. Thank you for the realization, the revelation of your word, Lord, and the realization the hour and the day that we live. recognizing and seeing so many things that's happening Lord around us and the prophecy being fulfilling and Lord the the things that we understand that's happening by the word and God and and even beyond all that the Holy Spirit that's within each one of us that's crying out within us to recognize and see the day recognize and see the hour to recognize and see how close we are Lord oh God it's so time Lord to g our loins and strengthen ourselves and get ourselves prepared, ready, Lord. God, to meet you because that time is drawing near. Father, may you just help us with it, Lord. God, this service, may this service be just a little portion of that, Lord. May this service be a time, God, that you come and meet with us once again, Lord, and speak to our hearts from your word. May this service, may this time be that time, Lord, that's been set aside that God, you would come and minister and speak and reveal to us this word and show us where we fall short and bring us along, Lord, in your word and help us, God, as we walk out of this place to be closer to you and more like you than when we came in. God, we just pray that you would let this word minister to our hearts and needs. We know it will not return void, Lord, but we pray, God, that you'd let it accomplish that, that you'd send it forth for the purpose of us being here, this place, this time. We commit it to you now and ask your blessings upon it. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Pardon me. Romans 8 verse 19. For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who had subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered. The creature itself shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, do it, that is to say, the redemption of our bodies. You could be seated if you'd like. Amen. Want to continue on a little bit in the creation part of this and recognizing here that the scripture says that the whole creation groaning, waiting, longing can get back to that place that it was at the first in the creation that God created it with Adam in the in the Garden of Eden. Amen. That all of creation wants to get back to that place. We ourselves longing to get back to that place. Amen. But the animals out here can't walk through that door and tell you how much that they're looking and longing for that time. Body life, you can't have a tomato plant come through that door and tell you how much. But we can look in the scripture and realize that that itself is getting to that place. Amen. Looking longing for that time that we all come back to that place of perfection that it was in the beginning. So let's go to St. John chapter 16. Amen. going to read a couple verses of scripture from here. St. John chapter 16. We'll also read beginning with the 19th verse in uh in St. John 16. St. John 16:19. Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him and said unto them, "Do you inquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while and ye shall not see me? And again, a little while and ye shall see me. Verily, verily, I say unto you, that ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice." Now, what she talking about is going away. Amen. They're going to be sorrowful. They're going to be sad. They're going to weep and lament. But the world, the ones that crucified him, are going to rejoice. They think they finally got rid of it. Amen. And ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy. So what he's saying, I'll go and I'll come again. Amen. You'll be sorrowful when I go, but when I come again, you'll be happy. Amen. Amen. Because you'll see your sorrow shall be turned into joy. A lot of we see the things we see today. Uh honestly, a lot of the things that I see in the world today makes me sad. Amen. Honestly, I'm very sorrowful for a lot of the things, especially again going to some of these big cities and seeing some of that stuff. Uh really makes you sorrowful the way that humanity has gotten to. Yes. Where humanity has come to really ought to bring us to tears, saints, the way it is. and recognizing without God, without Jesus Christ, these people are going to hell, right? They're going to burn in hell. Amen. And and be in a tormented state and position. Yeah. And it makes me sad. Yeah. It's sorrowful. I get cynical about it sometimes. And my wife has to correct me, but I I try not to. I notice I list the tape sometime. Brother Brandham got the same way. But I try that's not an excuse. I try not to get that way. Uh because I don't want to be like that because my heart really cries out for those people. Yes. My heart really goes out to see the the degradation of the sin of the world. You know, uh it it's tough to recognize, but when you see in the scripture, the last s the last place, the last country city that took a wholesale acceptance of that kind of sin was Sodom and Gomorrah. And you know what God did to that place, right? So it makes you sad to see. Amen. Uh uh the way the world is going on. But look what he said now. 24th verse. But a woman a woman but but a woman when she is in travail have sorrow because her hour is come. And and I believe that's kind of a lot the way that we've got. I I I kind of identify myself that way. Uh I'm not sure about you. I've said this many times. I I didn't just come to this epiphany, friends. I've said this several times behind this pullpit that uh that when we recognize the joyousness and the happiness of being here at this time during this glorious occasion of the coming of the word and the coming of the Lord and the rapture is a wonderful time to be alive. Amen. But but didn't realize not realizing I guess also how horrible it was going to have to get and how bad the world was going to be during that period of time. And that part of it is is hard. It's sorrowful. It it it it pulls on you. It pulls on me so much. I think about how great a time that we live in. Yes. But think about what I see. It's just like Malachi when brother the prophecy of brother Brandham coming of the of the great and dreadful day. Amen. You recognize in Malachi he he described it perfectly with the two-fold understanding that it is a great day. Absolutely. It is a wonderful day. It is a precious day that we live in and looking and longing for the rapture. enjoying the message, the return of the word and the revelation of the word that we enjoy and the rapture that we're about to go in. But it's a dreadful day as well. It's a horrible, dreadful day when you look out and see the condition of the world and the condition of the people. Darkness and gross darkness. Horrible. And it grieavves. It should grieve. If you have a righteous, if you have the Holy Ghost, your righteous soul is grieved daily. Amen. It's grieved daily. And that's the sorrowful part. And when a woman comes to that place, and we're right to that edge, we're right to that point. As Jesus said, when she comes to that hour, because she's at that hour because her hour has come. We are at that hour, saints. We This is that hour. I believe this is the hour. This is the time of the coming of the Lord. I have no doubt about that. Amen. None whatsoever. And if it goes another 10 years, it won't change that at all. Amen. You know, brother Random said that in in uh uh 70 60 70 years ago, he said the same thing. He said it could no he said it could go another hundred years and not change one thing. Amen. But I believe and I've said I said this a couple weeks ago. I personally believe that the Lord's going to come before this presence out of office. That's my feeling. Just take it with that. Uh that's my own personal opinion. Has nothing to do with scripture, anything brother Brandham said. That's just a personal feeling that I have. Amen. With what we've seen happen and the new pope and things that's going on. And uh that's just my personal opinion. Amen. Because you if you study the scripture and what brother Brandham said about it and how this time was going to be, I don't I don't see it being any any closer to that time than with this new pope and with this president. I just don't I don't see it. Right. If it is, it may be fine. That's up to the Lord. Amen. I definitely don't see another pope. Uh we discussed that the other day, but uh that's just my personal opinion. But personally, I we are regardless we are at that hour, right? We are at that hour there. I'm sure in this room there is no debate to that. You could probably go out on the street and survey people and I bet a lot of people that would talk to you would say the same thing. Amen. I I I don't know that. I've not done that. But I would say they probably would. Amen. Because to look at the things that's going on. So we're at that time. Jesus said the woman when she's in trevail has sorrow when she's in travail because her hour has come that hour's here. Amen. But as soon as she is delivered of the child, she rememberth no more the anguish for the joy that a man is born into the world. Praise God. Amen. So you see the things that's happening today, not just with us. Now, I've spent 10 minutes talking about us and talking about the bride and the way that people and humanity is going and what we see and how we see it going. But what about the nature creation? Because all of creation is doing what? Groaning. Amen. Travailing. What did brother Dennis say in his prayer? Even having no idea I was going to say this, what did he say in his prayer? You look around and see even science will tell you that things are happening now that they haven't seen in their time in their generation. The earth underneath people is moving frantically. Volcanoes in places and uh earthquakes in different places. I was we were just back east and found out of course I knew it but it became a topic of conversation back there that back even in Virginia in the hills in North Carolina and around got a rumbling earthquake in different places in diver places. I've never heard of that before that that in my lifetime and I'm almost 60 that I know of has ever happened. Right. We've had them right here in in in Arizona. How many earthquakes have you in Tucson maybe your whole life or most your how many earthquakes have you felt yet it's going on? You say, "Well, California is supposed to get a big one." Yes, they are. But there's earthquakes. It doesn't mention it. Micah has a I guess you still has the app. He had an app on his phone that detected the earthquakes around the world. There's earthquakes every single day in California, right? Multiples of them every day. They're twos and threes and most time people don't feel them. They might even feel them, but they're in California and if they've lived with it, they probably don't even know it's anything less than a six, right? Or care that anything less than a six magnitude, but it's it's shaking. Everything around is shaking. The earth is in birth pains. The earth, all of creation, this earth is middle is in the middle of birth pains because this earth is getting ready to purge itself. This earth is getting ready to purge itself to the point that all sin will be completely annihilated. Even even brother Brandham said into the atmospheres, right? Not just even here on this earth on this uh uh this ball of dirt we live on, but even into the atmospheres. All sin and all of that will be completely annihilated. This earth will change and belch and move and explode and it it'll change things. Of course, we'll be gone. Amen. The bride will be gone and she'll be in her home uh at the wedding supper, but it's going to belch and it's going to But we already see it happening. When the hour comes and you see what's taking place, what happens when a mo most of you in here know because you probably have been through it. But what happens when a woman gets to that place? Right. Amen. We We did it. We did it three times. I I I know what it's like. And my wife is very well knows what it's like. Your sisters have had children. You very well know what it's like when you come to that place. When you come to that time, Amen. There's a lot of stuff going on. There's a lot of movement. There's a lot of changing. Uh water begins to break and babies begin to start coming forth and they say, you know, you know, just hold it back. It doesn't work that way. Uh you can tell that baby to go back in all you want, but that doesn't work like that. Amen. When it comes time, it comes time. That baby is coming whether you wanted to or not. Right? And God has a decreed time of what? Of when this is going to be over. For when this br when the leather Christ will rise and when this bride will come together and we'll be together for a minimum of 40 days and we'll all go and meet the Lord in the air and the rapture and so shall we ever be with the Lord. We'll be at the wedding supper. The tribulation will will set in upon this planet and it'll bulch belch and it'll change and all the atmosphere everything will explode because it's in the all of creation all of creation is groaning travailing in pain waiting for this time. And we're at that time s Yes. Amen. We're at that time and all of this is going on one day. One day very soon is going to be turned to joy. I'm going to see my dad come up. He's either going to meet me here, which I see him so many times. Uh I expect to meet them here or my mom. Uh my sister, my son. Amen. My son will probably go to my wife though. You know how a boy is with his mother. So he'll probably go to her first. But my mom, my dad, I'm looking forward for my loved ones to come and appear. I went and saw while we were on the trip a few stones that memorialize their life and uh where their remains were laid. And we I took some pictures and I cleaned the stuff up. The church there doesn't do their footstones anymore, so they just grow over. I had to clean them all up and get all that stuff off of there and took some pictures and all. And that's just a memorial. But one day we'll see them again. Amen. And in my opinion, friend, my personal opinion, again, this is only my opinion, there'll be no more souls saved after that point. Yes. That's my opinion. Amen. Now, we know there's got to be a time. We know according to the scripture, according to the message, there's got to be a time when we're still here, but no one else can come in or out of the boat. Brother Ram typed that with knowing the ark, right? Amen. They come knocking on the said, "Let us in." No, God shut the door. I can't let you in. Right. Amen. And they still hadn't rained. It was seven more days before it rained. Yes. The judgment hadn't fallen on them yet. There was no rain yet, but there was nobody else could get in or out of that ark, right? It was over. Amen. At that point, even though judgment had not come yet, it was over. Praise the Lord. I believe when the dead in Christ rise and begin to appear, it'll be over. It be over. Amen. That's my opinion. Amen. I I hope surely maybe you can understand why or how I came to that opinion, but it's still just my opinion. Amen. But it will be that time. But we're at that point, s we're at that point. I'm look I'm looking at any moment, any time. Amen. For this to happen. Praise the Lord. Until it does, I keep planting my potatoes. Right. I keep serving. I keep working. I keep uh giving my life to the Lord. All that I can do for him, I do while I'm here. Amen. But the whole earth, look, the whole earth is travailing. The whole earth is in pains, groaning, waiting for that time in that time of birth pains. It's about to bring forth something, saints. Amen. And this place is going to go back to the way it was. It's going to go back to that perfection it was when God originally created it and put man here and put animals here and put botney life here. is going to be exactly the perfection that God and we're going to come back here and live on it eventually. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's why he's getting it all prepared because God didn't just God didn't just shed his blood for the life of that blood to come back in the Holy Spirit into you. But the chemistry of that blood dripped down upon the ground to redeem it back from when it was lost and back into God's possession again. Right. Amen. So, the chemistry of the blood did play a did play a part and it was to redeem this earth back from it's still in the hands of Satan. Satan's Eden, but it belongs to God. Amen. God redeemed it back. It belongs to him. And this is where we will live one day. Amen. We talked about that. Went through the future home. But let's read this here now in birth pains. Amen. 1965 January. Now she she who she she who the earth the earth she now she she knows that her time of deliverance is at hand. That's the reason she's so nervous, frustrated as she is is because that there is a hydrogen bomb. We'll say nuclear bomb now. Amen. here 60 years later. Uh there's a nuclear bomb and missiles of the air that could destroy the whole world. One nation is scared of the other. No matter how little it is, they got those missiles and they claim it with just one of these. They can just direct it by the stars and drop it anywhere in the world they want to. Now, we've seen that happen now. Yeah. They he talked about it here in the hydrogen bomb. But now what have they got to the point that they can pinpoint where a bomb is going to drop to the to the very to the very point that you could literally if a person stood still drop it on the apex of their skull if they wanted to. Amen. Look at look at Elon Musk and the SpaceX. I mean, we just don't He just doesn't shoot rockets up in the air now and just let them explode and fall in the ocean. He shoots them up in the air and he guides him to come and brings them right back to exactly a pos a specific position on the earth and an arm reaches out and grabs it and sets it right on the ground. Amen. Amen. Now, what was Brother Bam talking about 60 years ago? Amen. He talked about this pinpoint dropping. They got these missiles he says directed by the stars we know call we now call it GPS drop them anywhere in the world they want to you think about that and worried about worried about the littlest things like like North Korea and and Iran and and these types they don't worry me amen but I see where they're worry of the world or our politics our government I I see where they're a worry they fight and talk about all the time oh we want to make sure we don't get uh we don't let Iran get uh uh uh the enrichment what is it uh uranium they don't want to enrich your because they become a nuclear country that I I understand that friends but all this is already set in motion there's nothing you can do to stop it right amen prophecy a prophet talked about this 60 years ago and to me he's talking about what's going on there. But to me, this is much a prophecy as it is a quote, right? Because of what we know is going on right now today. What has happened in all of that GPS that we know of now that he there had was no idea of that here then. But the Lord was using a man to minister a Lord. The Lord was using a man to preach the word to bring forth things like this that now we can look at and say, "Well, of course." Amen. Makes a lot of sense, doesn't it? Russia, as I heard on the news the other day, she claims that she can destroy this nation. Now, you notice how brother Brandham always referred to Russia. But when brother Brandham was here, it was not Russia. It was the Soviet Union. It was the USSR. Russia was just a little town, a city in this big huge Russian government. the Soviet Union. That's what it was. It wasn't Russia. Russia be didn't become Russia till brother Brandham was already gone. But when you read it, all the quotes, he doesn't talk about the Soviet Union. He always calls Russia Russia. Amen. And Russia was just a city in the Soviet Union. Right. Amen. Again, to me, as much prophecy it is as it is a quote. Amen. Russia. Russia. As I heard on the news the other day, she claims that she can destroy this nation and keep the atoms or the things from breaking up her nation. We don't know what it'll do about that. Everyone is making these claims. It is so people's science has broke into God's great laboratory until they're going to destroy themselves. Right. That's exactly right, friend. And it's happening. We see it happening already now. destroying themselves. What just happened here a few years ago? We called it co. Amen. Where did it come from? Well, now they've come with all the lies and stuff, they finally come to the point that even the staunchest deniers are saying, "We believe it came from a lab in China." How many people did it say it killed? They claim it killed. I I don't necessarily believe those claims, but I don't believe hardly anything the government says anymore. Anyway, but um and I sure don't believe China or Russia. Those people are godless heathens that don't know anything about the truth or care that they're telling you the truth or keeping their word or anything else. People science broken into God's great laboratory and they're going to destroy themselves. God always lets wisdom destroy himself. God doesn't destroy anything. Man destroys himself by wisdom as he did in the beginning. Taking the Satan's wisdom instead of the word of God. Amen. Destroy themselves. What has it got now? Destroying themselves. People just as much now. Destroying themselves as they are helping themselves. Amen. They We got what they say better medicine than they've ever had. And that's true. I say ever have. Maybe there was a time in history, maybe the antivian world. But now in our our our our our uh current world, medicine's greater now than it's ever been. And thank God for it. I mean, Brother Dennis is talking about getting another knee replacement, and they're saying you can replace a man's knee without surgery. Yeah. take a whole knee out of your body, put a whole manufactured knee in, and send you home. Right? I mean, that just blows my mind. How How does that happen? How do you do that? Right? But it's greater now than it's ever been. And what kind of a place that we live in today now? Worse than it's ever been. We're more prosperous than we've ever been. And I I I never seen you I've never seen homelessness the way it is today. Yeah. Amen. And we're the greatest nation on earth, most prosperous nation in the history of the world. And we got more homelessness and poverty and degradation than we've ever had in my lifetime. So, is it good or is it bad? Amen. I'm trying to tell you, friend, the whole creation, it it's groaning, travailing. We think we got it made. We think it's good. Amen. That that we got computers that are so tiny we can carry them around with us. Is that a blessing or a curse? You know, when I got lost going to one street in Boston, it was a blessing cuz I got on my phone. We got to go this way. We got to go that way. Amen. I could You could do it with a math though, too. Just as good. But it makes you wonder. It's like brother Bam talked about television. He said it could have been a blessing. Amen. Made it a curse. Right. Amen. So what is all of this brought us to? Man is killing themselves. We are killing ourselves. Yes. Amen. Our our I I I I can't say that I know emphatically, but some precious friends of ours, the carpenters up in the mountain, who sister Dorothy is uh her mother. Uh Ron and um Carol Carol, thank you. Uh their daughter Heather passed away. She had a brain tumor. Golblasto. I come to find out later that she slept every night with this thing under her pillow. Every night. Now I I'm not a doctor. I'm not a scientist. I'm not here to prove anything or disprove anything. just seems a a little too coincidental to me with all the waves and stuff that come into these things and the energy it produces and all that it didn't have something to do with that. I don't know. Yeah. Are we making ourselves better? Are we making ourselves worse? The wisdom that we've come up with, I I I I fail to find any time or almost any time where it's helped us I've asked friends I I've asked friends for years now who talk about this day and and all the things that we have and all the conveniences and you you think oh it was it was a wonderful thing that man invented the car now we can go across and do this and that and the other and now and now they're saying that's one of the most horrible inventions because the O2 in the is destroyed the ozone layer and uh and global warming and climate change and whatever else. So, was it good or bad? It just to me it it's it's just human and it's wisdom bringing it bringing us to this ultimate place where as brother Brandham said our wisdom is killing us right and our human worldly man wisdom will destroy us. It'll destroy man one day. And I believe that. It will. We won't be we'll we'll go in a rapture, but this world is going to come into its tribulation place to where the beast takes over and it's nothing but chaos, right? Amen. Death and death, blood to the horse's bridal, friend. So, we're looking at the time, but now we're at but now we're at that place where the earth is churning. It's it's groaning. is travailing. Amen. It's it's it's it's burnt pains. Amen. It's about to bring forth what it used to be, the perfection that it used to be. I'm not saying it's going to be exactly the way God had originally created it. It might be, but I know it's going to go back to its perfect condition like it was then for the human, for the animal, for the botney life. Amen. For God's children, it's going to be perfect. Amen. No sin, no death, right? No lying, no no cheating, no it's going to be perfect. Amen. Praise God. I've heard people I've heard people say before or Reddit or something, "Oh, what? That sounds boring to me." I said, "Well, then go to the other place." Yeah, that's your other choice. That's right. Go to hell and see how much you enjoy it then. I mean, they just think hell's going to be full of a bunch of bars and stuff like that. That That's Well, I'm just going to live it up. You know, it does. That's not That's not the way it's going to be. That's right. Amen. Amen. Well, how do you convince somebody that's got it in their mind? Let's go over to First John now. It's time of deliverance, saints, is at hand. Amen. And the world knows it's time of deliverance is at hand. How does the world know? You think this earth doesn't have any intelligence? You think that the body life it doesn't have any intelligence? Animals may have limited intelligence. How does the world know? How would the world know that it's coming to that place that it's that it knows it deliverances. How would it know that? Because it was created by God. That's right. That's how it knows. Because the one that set it in space, the one that sent it out spinning in this orbit is the one who created it, is the one who put it in its place, is the one who governs it. Amen. And it knows by that because it's what God put in them to do. You say, how does a how does a a female dog know that it's in heat, that it that it hunts for a male dog or something to reproduce? How does it know that? It was created by God. God put it in them to know what to do, how to do. Amen. That's how it know because it was created by God the Almighty. First John chapter 3, I'm going to read a couple of verses. Behold, what manner of love because we're finishing up now the manifest manifested sons of God. All creation. Now, let's just finish this part of it up. Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore, the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not. Now, not the world, not the world uh earth, but the world cosmos, the world order, right? It doesn't know him. The world itself knows of him more than the world cosmos does. Beloved, now now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. What is he? He's the word. We see him in this last day because he's appeared. He's appeared to us to show us he is the word. Christ is the word. Amen. Amen. And we know that we shall be like him, which makes us what? The word. Amen. Because we know him as he is, which is the word. The word. Amen. We know him as he is. So this is this scripture actually has a a two-fold meaning. Appear is the same as manifest. Of course, it does not yet appear what we shall be or manifest, but when he shall manifest. And we know he has manifest himself because he's opened himself before us. He took this book. He open took the seals. He opened the book and revealed it to us. Now we can see as the Holy Spirit shows us this open book and reveals to us what is in it. There's no hidden mystery. Amen. There is nothing left that God is withholding from his bride. Not that we that we would need. Obviously, there's things cuz he's an infinite almighty God. There's things that we'll be learning out through eternity that we don't know now. But as far as in this earth, what we need now, what we're looking for now, and what we need to get us beyond this mortal reach, we have, it's not a mystery. It's not something we grow to. We We know God has revealed it to us. We see him as he is. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's the revealed word. We shall be or manifest. Manifest what? Sons and daughters of God. Manifest to what he is, which is the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Not a letter of a word as a lot of people would try to say that. No. Amen. This is just a book with words. Amen. Is inspired of God. God wrote it. Amen. But Christ is not a word that you literally have on a piece of paper. He's a spirit that brings the word to life. It's the same as what it used to be years ago. Even probably maybe as I was being born or before I was born. A man was a man was only as good as his word. Word. Amen. You didn't have contracts that thick to buy a car. You had a handshake. and a promise. Amen. Man is only as good as his word. Brother Brandham talked about having that debt that he had to pay off. And he went and told him said, "I'll pay you. I'll pay it off. Even if I can't give you a a quarter a week or a month, I'll tell you. If I can't pay you anything, I'll let you know." Amen. I've been there, done that. I know. He said, "By the grace of God, I paid every bit off." By the grace of God, I can say the same thing. Paid every bit off. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sometimes I didn't have any to give, but by God's grace, he a was able to pay it all off. It's like brother Brandham said, see, by by God's grace, I was able to pay it all off. Amen. Because God's the one that takes care of that. But we but we recognize as God is a spirit. Amen. Christ is a spirit. The word just comes revealed to us. Amen. This word is not just words on a page anymore. If this if this book look for each of us, if this book was to taken out of your hands and never be never for you to touch it again for the rest of your natural life, would that change anything? I mean, you would miss being able to have it and read it. Right. But if you become the word, you don't need this book. Right. Right. Amen. I mean, we do need it. Don't get me wrong. We do need it. I'm just saying if it was taken from you and you never could touch it again, it's just like the dark ages. Those people weren't allowed to touch the Bible. They weren't allowed to have it or read it. They were only supposed to listen to what the priest told them. If they could in any way or their children could in any way recite portions of the Bible, the biatitudes or whatever the Lord's prayer, they were killed, put to death, because they weren't allowed to do it. But that didn't change who they were. They were still bride, right? Amen. And they didn't have the the the the opportunity that we have to have actually read it and let that word come alive in us. It was just the Holy Spirit in them. Praise the Lord. So if there was a time where you could never have this book again, right? You're still the written epistles read of all men. Yes. You're still the living word because Christ is in you. Praise the Lord. That doesn't make him a book. That makes him a living spirit. That makes you the same thing. Because we've seen him as he is, right? And that's how that manifestation of the sons of God become. It's a then we know now that we are the sons of God. But look what's happening, friend. All this is evolving. All this is changing. We're at this time. Amen. We're at this time. Amen. We're This is being finished off. Amen. First Corinthians. Let me try to finish this. Amen. Christ is a spirit. Amen. We know he's the word. Absolutely. Because he's as good as his word. What he says is who he is. Like I said, it used to be that way with us, with humans. What we said is what we were. If I said something, I had to. I was going to do it to the best of my ability. Sometimes circumstances come up and change things like that, but that doesn't change who he is. Amen. Doesn't change who we are. Praise the Lord. First uh 1 Corinthians now chapter 11. Let's read the first first few verses here. I hope and pray that this book never gets taken away from us. So, amen. I would not want to have to do without it. But there may be a day we might have to. We don't know. Yes, might be. 1 Corinthians 11:17. Now, in this that I declare unto you, I praise you not that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse. Now, look, this is this is I didn't see this until just the other day when I was reading this. I praise you not that you come together not for the better, but for the worse. For first of all, when you come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you. And I partly believe it. Now look at his reasoning. Look what Paul's reasoning is. He says, "For there must be also heresies among you." Well, I always wonder what brother talked about three kind of believers. Well, it's right here. That's pretty much what Paul's talking about, right? He said, "I'll hardly believe it because there must be heresies among you. There must be heretics or unbelievers among you. There's got to be believers made believers unbelievers." Amen. Praise the Lord. I I I I challenge that now in this day with especially as smaller congregations as we have. Amen. But the word is still the word. Yeah. There must be heretics. There must be unbelief among you. Heresies among you that they which are approved may be made manifest among you. Now, what's that approved? Those that were approved. the ones that were approved. It it just it basically means it it shines light. It shines brighter in the light. Amen. Than the darkness. Yes. Unbelief is darkness. The word is light. Those that are approved shine brighter among the darkness. Look, it's what he's what he's saying. For those must must be heresies among you that they which are approved may be made manifest, may be made known among you. And what greater way is that to be revealed than what we see today going on. Friend, as as the world grows darker, the light that you shine becomes brighter. The shining light that you are is brighter because it's darker. Gross darkness the people. Amen. I could light a match in this room right now. You barely notice it. But if you if at night and the it's dark outside, you turn the lights off, you'd probably be able to see this whole room just from one match. Yeah. Amen. Because it's dark. That's why it's reprove. It's approved. See what it says? Approved. This word approved is accepted, pleasing, and acceptable to become acceptable. It goes on here in the Greek here about uh how they used to make coins and how they would forge these coins and then shave off the rough edges and cheaters got to where they rub off a lot of the edge because that meant that which made the the coin weight go below what it was to make it as valuable as it's supposed to be. Amen. But that's out before we got a dollar that meant absolutely nothing other than the fact that if I take it to the Circle K, they'll accept it for a candy bar. Uh it means nothing. That that money in my wallet means nothing. If if the world today decided and said, you know what, I'm not going to take your dollar. You have nothing. If you go to Circle K and they said, "No, we're only going to take Bitcoin. I don't have Bitcoin. I got a million dollars in cash. No, no good. Don't want that anymore. That's just an example. It means nothing. A dollar means nothing. But see, there used to be a raw material, gold, silver, whatever it was that they made coins out of. And the weight of the coin determined the amount of the coin. So when you shave the edge of the coin off, you shave part of the weight off of the coin. Well, the cheaters would keep shaving and shaving and shave off the corners to where it was less weight than what it was supposed to be. So they take a whole bunch of shavings from like 10 other coins and make a whole another coin. Yeah, those were cheaters. But then it said that there were people, men of integrity who would not accept counterfeit money. There were men of honor who were uh who who put only genuine full weighted money into circulation. These men were called damas or approved. They were approved. those that were honest, those that were reputable, those that would men in of integrity that would only allow the proper coin to go into circulation. If it got shaved down beyond what it should be for the weight of that coin, then it was considered counterfeit. It was no good, right? Amen. Had to be reforged and re uh reut into circulation. Amen. But approved. See, now if it's approved, if it's if it's someone that's been like like he said here, approved among or accepted, those those I would believe would be the believer. And the believer becomes more manifest because of the unbeliever, because of the heresy. And that's what Paul's saying. So those that are approved, those that are acceptable, their light shines greater the darker that the that the world gets, the darker things get, they become more manifest. So the manifestation of the sons of God becomes more bright, more more light, brighter in in a in a darkened world. Right? So as so as the world is dark and gross darkness the people in the evening time the light shines and the light is brighter than it's ever been but of of the approved of those that are acceptable by God. Those are the manifested sons of God. Those are the approved approved the ones that are those that are acceptable by God. Amen. That God approves of uh Ephesians 5:3. See, the darker it is, the brighter the light shines. Ephesians 5:3, "But fornication and all uncleanness or covetedness, uh, let it not be once named among you as becometh saints." Amen. Because why? The light shines in the darkness. The light shines shines the brightest in the darkness. the manifestation of the sons of God becomes more evident and becomes brighter, more apparent, more approved than than in any other age because there's never been a darker age as it been like this age. And the end of this age and the time that we live is the darkest time age period than we've had ever. I would say you say, "Well, the dark ages were bad." That was mostly physical. I'm talking spiritual. Yes. Amen. The spiritual was too because uh uh uh the the the Holy Spirit was bound at the door of creeds and dog was not allowed to move among the people. It was dark. We know the circles that brother Brandham drew that God drew. Amen. And the little bit of light that was in them. But remember there was a sliver of light during that time. Brother Brandham said that when it came across the sky, it was completely black. No light at all. But God allowed brother Random to put a sliver of light in this day because of the bride. Because of the approved. Amen. Amen. The manifested sons of God. Praise the Lord. I got one more scripture I want to read. Second Corinthians. Let's go back over to second Corinthians. Read here. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. Read these couple of verses of scripture. read. Got a quote here I want to read and we'll dismiss. Excuse me. 2 Corinthians 4:8. 2 Corinthians 4:8. Look at this. Beautiful. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Persecuted but not forsaken. Cast down but not destroyed. Always bearing, look at this beautiful now. Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus. Yes. That the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our bodies. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's why I say I I have no life but but for him. Amen. Amen. I I people come on this earth to create great medicines and great inventions and sending man to the moon and whatever else, but I was put here for God. Yes. I I'm only here because of him. Period. That's that's it. And now Jesus for us that are here for him. Amen. who have died to ourselves as the scripture says are made manifest that the life of Christ is manifest in us now. Yes. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh. Yes. We die to ourselves so that Christ can live. Amen. Amen. die to me so he lives in me. Praise the Lord. His life. It's his life, not mine. Nothing I could do, nothing I've ever done, nothing. There's no there's no possible way I could ever earn it in any way. It's only him. The seven church ages. Look at this. This is the book now. U this is the smian church age. Uh then now then here we are coming to a conclusion as the eternal logos God was manifested in the son and in g and and in Jesus to all the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was the father manifested in flesh and thereby gained the title of son trying to explain to understand the godhead it's not a trinity it's not three sang that song doesn't mean there's a god and a Father. Amen. There's God the Father, Jesus the Son. He's one. Amen. But there is in that one the sunship of God of of Jesus and the Father God in that one. We are the bride of Christ. We are the children of God. Amen. There's no there's no dilemma to that. People have to without revelation. You got to chop him up into two or three pieces to try to make the word work. Right? That's why the re the religious world is so confused. That's why you hear so many messages today about how powerful you are and how great things are going to be and how much if you come up and and you stand forward and I see brightness and I see greatness and and and uh the the strength of the power of the might of the goodness is going to bring forth the the the the beauty and it's it's all going to be blue skies and green grass and that's why it's what what did I just say I didn't say anything, right? I used a hundred words and said nothing. Right? And that's what you get today. Yes. People say all kinds of words and they say nothing. They give all kinds of platitudes and words that mean absolutely nothing. Amen. That's what you get today. But you only get it because if you don't if you don't try to manipulate the word, you can't make it work without a true revelation of the Holy Ghost. That's the only way it works. Amen. With the revelation of the Holy Spirit, God makes that work live in that word live in us. In Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the Godhead, body and that eternal one was the father manifested in flesh and thereby gained the title of son. Title of son. Even so we eternal in his thoughts in our turn became the many membered spoken word seed manifest in flesh manifest in flesh and those eternal thoughts now manifest in flesh are the sons of God. Just read that 1 John 3. Now are we the sons of God by his love we can be called the sons of God. Now the manifestation in flesh are the sons of God. Even as we are so called. We did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed and therefore were reborn. Amen. Praise God. You don't become an orange out of a lemon seed and then try to put a lemon in the orange. It doesn't work. It's a lemon because it was a lemon seed. Amen. We become reborn because of the seed that was in us. Yes. Praise the Lord. For only the elect can be reborn. Yes. Only the elect. That's it. What's that election? The predestination, predetermined fordation, the mind of God, the seed of God. However many ways you want to say it, it's all in God's mind before the foundation of the world. We just try to get a little glimpse, a little lighter glimpse of what he's done, what he's doing. I just I might not understand it all, but oh, I believe it all and I want to be a part of it all or whatever part I play in his economy, that's what I want to do. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's stand if we could. Amen. By the grace of God. Only by the grace of God. Thankful that his grace extended toward us that we could know what it is for him to manifest himself in our lives that we would be called the sons of God. Hallelujah. Does not yet appear. Well, yeah, now it does. Amen. Because he has appeared before us. He has manifested and revealed himself to us. Now we see him as he is. Praise the Lord. I'll see him too face to face in a corporal body. But now I see him face to face through his word. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing this song. Maybe we'll sing a verse or two of it. Amen. When we all get to heaven. Praise the Lord. [Music] I don't even remember which number it is in the book here. Let's see if we can find it. 166. You got the book or your home or you want to follow along. 166 in the book. We'll have it on the screen here. Amen. When we all get to heaven. Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. You know, it says what a day of rejoicing that'll be. I I I agree with that 100%. But all why can't we rejoice now? Why can't this be a time of rejoicing what the Lord's shown us and give to us who we are? Amen. Let's sing it though. Sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the mansions bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all sing, Jesus will sing and shout the victory. And while we walk the hill from bath, clouds will over the sky. When happy days are over, all the shadows on a side when we all get to heaven. On a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Onward to the Christ before us. Soon his beauty will be old. Soon the worldly gates will open. We shall tread the seats of gold and sing it now when we all get to heaven. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. We all see Jesus will sing and shout victory when we all get to him. What a day of mercy that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout victory. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What a day of rejoicing, saints. Hallelujah. Amen. That will be. But oh, I think I think it's worth a little rejoicing now, too. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think it's worth a little bit of rejoicing now. We worship and praise the Lord. We sing songs of Zion and just glorify God. I think it's a great time of rejoicing right now. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. There's nothing going to be compared to when I come to that place. That's just hard to fathom, saints. Amen. Nothing compared to that. Oh, but what a day of rejoicing we have. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Whole world is growing. Travailing the sons of God groaning travailing looking at this time the manifestation of the sons of God. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God richly bless you. I pray something was said to bless and strengthen you in the Lord. Amen. And uh just trust the Lord continue to bless and be with us and be with you through the week. Watch over each one. Help us to follow his will and his way, whatever that might be in our lives. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good to us, isn't he? Yes, he is. Amen. I appreciate him. I appreciate his word. Appreciate each of you. Amen. Just pray the Lord bless you all. Amen. We'll be dismissed today. Flight leaves right at three. I think it's like 2:56 or something, so didn't have to move service up today. But again, appreciate your prayers. Amen. And just trust the Lord bless you. Amen. Anyone have anything before we're dismissed today? Just a word of encouragement. The Lord showed me last night to read several quotes. Amen. And all that's happening, you know, the natural elements and then you think it's God. Amen. It can be of one mind and one accord. Yes. If we'll just let him work through us. Wonderful. Amen. That's exactly right. Praise the Lord. So good. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. He's working as a in a in a body. One man, one individual and a body. We're part of that body. Praise the Lord. God bless you. We'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Then God richly bless you. Be with you through the week. The Lord with Terry. We'll come back again next Sunday. Yes. Have another wonderful service. Lord will God bless you today. I ask brother Pat you would you would pray. Yes. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Bringing us all together here today. Amen. And we could praise you. We're looking forward to a new heaven, new earth. Amen. New Jerusalem. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Things we don't understand, will we just accept it and we'll be so thankful like the birth of after all this will be worth it. Amen. Yes, Lord. be with us all and keep us safe and healthy. Yes. in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
