################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-31 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3302025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-31
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3/30/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTcbaky3qfc
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 3/30/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Find [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Holy Spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thine Holy Spirit from Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, one more time to him now. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thine Holy Spirit from me. Restore unto me all the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within [Music] me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm sure we've all been at that place at times in our lives. Amen. We felt like, Lord, we just want to fill your spirit one more time. Oh Lord, I know I've done wrong, but Father, please restore that joy of thy salvation to me. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. We got a few people that are out today, but we're going to have church and just trust the Lord to meet with us as he always does. Amen. So, let's stand to our feet if we could. Amen. Maybe still a few yet coming, but thankful for those that are here. Thankful for streaming today. God bless you and then we'll just uh approach his throne as we uh enter into the service today. Lord Jesus, we're very thankful again your grace and mercy to us, Lord. God, where would we be without you? What would our lives be like, Lord? God, what would be happening to us, Lord? Where would we, Lord, have our lives? Where would we be headed, Lord? If it weren't for you, God, all of us would have no hope, Lord. We would have no place of salvation. We would have no way to get to you, Lord. We would have no time, Lord, that heaven and earth would come together once again, Lord, and man and God could come and fellowship once again. Yes. Without you, Lord, we would be headed to hell. Yes. As fast as we could go, Lord. But God, you came, gave your life, shed your blood. Yes. Lord, that your only begotten son would show to us, Lord, the way, the truth, the life. Yes. You are that way. You are that truth. You are that life. Yes. Lord, and we love you and thank you today. expect you to be with us, Lord, in this service once again. Have your way in a special way, God. As Lord, we just expect you and we call upon your name, Lord, to once again flow through this place, Lord, as you did on the day of Pentecost and fill all this house where we will be sitting. Move upon every heart and every life. Grant every request and every need, every prayer request, every desire of our heart, Lord, we just know that it comes from you, Lord. So, we implore you today, Father. Bless us, Lord. movements in this service, God, as we commit it to you. Pray your Holy Spirit would have preeminence. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hinder, infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. We thank you and praise you for it in the precious, holy, lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you like. Amen. Welcome back to the house of the Lord today. Amen. We want to go over to psalm number 424. I have it on the screen here. If you're home with the book, want to sing with us. Psalm number 424. Chorus number 424. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Oh my. What a great statement that is. Amen. So glad I belong to him. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing it to him now. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm [Music] yours. So glad your mercy has followed [Music] me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh yes. Oh, I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm Oh, one more time with all our hearts to him now. I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your [Music] mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I am yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh yes. Praise the Lord. Where would we be without him? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So thankful that I belong to him today. Amen. Glory to God. Psalm number 556. Amen. 556. Have it on the screen here. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead that dwell in you that has quickened your mortal body. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it now. Thank you, Jesus. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. But it will quicken your mortal body if that spirit dwells in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, or if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you, then it will break up your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, oh it will breaken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you. One more time. Oh, with that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Dwell in you. Dwell in you. Oh, it's that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. dwell in you. Dwell in you that it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, oh it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you. Hallelujah. Amen. And I believe that spirit dwells in us today. Amen. That precious, sweet Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Amen. What it'll do, excuse me, it'll quicken. What did we talk about last week? That quickening power. Yes. It will quicken your mortal body. Praise the Lord Jesus. It'll make that mortal body alive. Amen. We're all dead in sins and trespasses, but he has made us alive. Praise the Lord. By that quickening power, the Holy Spirit. Amen. Psalm number 650. Praise the Lord. Psalm number 650. We just have the chorus in the book, but we're going to sing the verses here. Amen. If we can today. All is well. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful. All is well. Amen. So thankful by faith. We believe that all is well. Yes. Can look like turmoil going on around us. Can look like a tornado, hurricane. Look like life is ending. But all all is well. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Praise God. Let's sing it to him now. We'll start with the chorus. Amen. All is well. All is [Music] well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is [Music] well. Well, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bright rest for all is well. Well, there's a story in the Bible of Elijah, the Shunomite woman and her son. The woman found favor with God, so he gave her a son. But while working in the fields, the little boy had died. But the woman's faith never failed. Even in death, she testified that all is well. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, all is [Music] well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. Well, there is a place, a perfect rest behind that inner veil. So rest, let a bride rest, for all is well. [Music] how things have not worked out like God's people call. For we're still here and we're fighting the greatest battle ever fought. But if we'll have the faith of Abraham, knowing God's word never fails, if we'll trust in him, we'll find that all is well. Amen. Yes. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind that inner veil. So rest a bright rest for all is well. Oh, can we sing it to him one more time? Yes. All is well. All is [Applause] well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. [Music] Well, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest, let a bride rest for all is well. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Is all well? All well with you today. All well with your soul today. Hallelujah. Amen. All is well by his grace. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord God. He's so good to us, isn't he? Amen. Love him with all my heart. Praise the Lord. Now, we have a couple prayer requests to bring your attention. Several actually prayer requests to bring your attention. Uh, Sister Matise text me this morning uh said that she's still coughing up some mucus, not feeling uh like maybe she should come and be around people. Uh she's feeling a lot better. Uh but it's just she's just doesn't know when that is going to hit. So uh she's staying home again today. So please remember her in prayer. Uh also got a text from brother Danny uh who said that uh he didn't sleep very well last night. So that he was going to be streaming with us. So, amen. Just pray the Lord be with him. Also, uh Shariah had the same issue. Just wasn't able to sleep last night. She was up a part with his back and uh with Gabriel. So, please remember them in prayer. Art Art went to work. Uh he's a working man, that's for sure. Uh Art went back to work today, but he's still having a lot of problems with his back. So, please remember him in prayer. Amen. Sh didn't bring the children today. Just didn't get any sleep last night. Please remember her in prayer as well. Amen. Uh, Sister Norman text and said that uh her husband Ron's eye u is uh filling with fluid or fluid in the eye. Uh and he's supposed to have a doctor's appointment this week. She stayed with him today. I think it's his birthday, too. Uh was today Ron's birthday. I thought so. Amen. So, please remember him in prayer. He's got that doctor's appointment, a couple others coming up this week. So please remember them in prayer as well. Uh the Lord will just bless and be with him. Brother Pat text which probably since he put it on the wrong texting strand, you probably all got it. Um but uh he had a sonogram this week and found that the diaphragm on his left side is not working. Uh and I guess they're feeling feeling like that is his breathing problem. Uh so please remember him in prayer. I don't know if that's something fixable or regenerative or he just said it's God getting him ready to go home. But um I'm not going to accept that. Amen. I love brother and sister Pat. We don't want them going anywhere. If it's God's time, that's okay. But uh Amen. But please remember him in prayer. That diaphragm on his left side. Please remember uh the Lord will just touch him. Also, Sister Sheilia with us today. So thankful for that. But uh she's leaving this Thursday. Uh so she asked prayers uh if we would pray for her and her family. Um that she's leaving Thursday to go up to Prescott. She's going to join up with her sister Laurel and they're going to drive over to California and meet up with some of their other family members for their sister's birthday. Is that correct? No. Oh, I'm very sorry. I I should have uh I should have finished reading it. Celebration. She's home. Praise the Lord. So, celebration. Rachel was the one that we had prayed for that had okay had cancer. So, she went to be with the Lord. So, they're leaving Thursday uh to go. She's going, Sister Sheila is going to Prescott and then they're driving over to California. Four of the six siblings will be there. uh they're going to uh support the family that's there. Uh so please remember them in prayer there. Uh Rachel has gone to be with the Lord. So uh she put a sister Sheila put a I have fought for good fight, finished the race, kept the faith. So praise the Lord. Amen. So thankful for that. And she will be coming back home on Sunday. Next next Sunday afternoon, right? Yeah. So please remember that in prayer. Lord would just Lord would just bless the family and bless sister Sheiley and her family uh as they travel and the Lord will pray they travel mercies. Amen. So please remember that prayer if you would as well. Amen. I think that's all I've got. Sister Julie was trying to get a ride to church. I guess she wasn't able to get a ride. Don't see her. Just remember sister Lydia in prayer as well. Good to see sister and Steve back with us. Amen. So, oh, I I believe uh unless things have changed, I believe uh uh Zach is going out of town tomorrow. Uh so, he's not with us today. So, he was going to come. Oh, like or something. Glad the family came. So let's stand to our feet. Amen. Have any unspoken requests? The Lord knows all of our needs today. Did I miss anybody? Sister Karen. My wife Leah. She had her surgery. went well but she's having pain in her stomach still. I guess it's from the surgery itself and she's very tired and so the Lord touch her as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother on that brother. Lord Jesus, it's a honor and a privilege to be here once again. Yes, Lord. In your presence. Thank you, Jesus. In your house of worship. And Lord, we know that the end time signs are displaying themselves clear than ever before. It's like the prophet said, the flashing red lights of his coming. The train is almost here. Yes. Amen. Father, it's time to really examine our hearts to see where we stand with you. The devil knows his job. He's fighting us harder than ever before. He's giving us excuses not to pray, not to read your word, not to come to church. Oh Lord, not to pay our tithes. These are simple things. Just like the prophet said, we don't fail God in the greater things, the harder things. We fail you, Father, in the simple things. Yes, Lord. And Lord, we want to be better Christians. That's why we're here, Father. We're here to dwell in your presence. You gave us a promise that when two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be in the midst. Yes, Lord. You're here, Father. You You don't gather because there's so many people that needs to be in attendance in the service. You there might be like you said in your word two or three, you said, "I'll be there. I'll I'll fellowship with you. I'll minister to your hearts. I'll grant to you the desires of your heart. Thank you, Jesus. And Lord, the prophet said, I heard him if there's the need of healing. You hold to that promise. You hold to it with all that's in your heart. For God's word will not fail. Amen. God's word will bring to pass whatever we have needed. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And there's many that need a healing touch this morning. Father, there are several that are sick. Several my brother and sister Shiah that had trouble sleeping. Well, there's our sister Mat's been dealing with a a cold or flu symptoms for quite a while. Our sister Lady Father, who's been away from us for a while, she'sing's trying to regain her strength. She's trying to get back to normaly. Oh father, there's our brother Zach who's dealing with vertigo. I've dealt with it. It's a terrible thing. Oh Lord, and and our sister Sheilia will be traveling. Lord, grant her and her family traveling mercy. Grant it, Lord Jesus. and use our sister to be a light amongst her family. I heard your prophet say, "Father, that the only Bible some people will ever see is the Bible that's in us. You your word dwelling in us and they won't have an excuse, Father." Yes. And Lord, touch each and everyone. There's some I overlooked. I can't remember them all. But Lord, you know who they are. Yes, Lord Jesus. You know that they're part of your family, the family of God. Lord, you are our great physician, our high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. And by your stripes, we are healed. We grant each and everyone that's sick their healing touch, their portion, their deliverance. Oh, may their testimonies come that you have come on the scene and you have grant them the desires of their heart. Thank you, Jesus. Bless our brother, Lord, who's faithful in your word. He's not looking at numbers. He's looking at the hearts like he said already that he's so happy to see it has come. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, use our brother to speak to our hearts that bring forth the bread of life, knowing that faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Granted, Father, in your precious and holy name, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated today if you'd like. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thankful that the Lord is with us. Amen. Praise God. Turning over to Psalm number 591. We'll have it on the screen here, too. 591. The book. You want to look at the book. 591. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who I am, Lord. Amen. Who I am, Lord. It's the revelation. This bride comes to know who she is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Looking forward to that. Let's sing it now. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine and now I live to praise his name. Who I am Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my [Music] savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Oh Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of [Applause] kings became my savior. This is God's great mystery of his love expressed to me that Christ and [Music] I might be made one. Tell who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now just who I am. I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's revelation. of who I am. Yes, who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's revelation is predestination of who I [Music] am. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Father, for that revelation. Amen. That revelation of who we are in him. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Not who we are in our natural minds and our natural thinking. Not who we are in this flesh body, but who we are in him. Praise the Lord. That that God saw us before the foundation of the world. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's how he sees us today. I'm so thankful for that, friend. Because if he didn't see us that way, I would have no hope. Amen. Oh my. But praise the Lord Jesus. He sees us as he saw us before the foundation of the world. Amen. Perfect, sinless. Amen. That's why he took our place. Amen. He took our place so we could take his. Amen. To become him. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So thankful. Let's stand to our feet if we could. We'll go ahead and change the ser uh order of the service. Amen. Appreciate everyone's prayers. U me and Sonia had a good trip this last week. We uh had a good safe trip and uh blessed trip and thankful that the Lord watched over us, kept us safe and uh just had a real good time being away and taking some time together and alone and very thankful that the Lord blessed us and bless the travel. Um I'm leaving again today. So appreciate your prayers for that, but I'm leaving again today. My flight leaves at 1:55. So, same one I had last week. So, thankful the Lord's always mine. Praise the Lord Jesus. We're going to turn the scripture now to St. John uh chapter 12. We're going to try to kind of pick up where we left off last week if we could maybe background a little of that uh from last week. St. John chapter 12. Praise the Lord. probably not be very long today, but just as the Lord leads. Amen. Amen. St. John chapter 12. Going to read two verses of scripture here that we read last week. St. John 12 23 and 24. Amen. Before we do, can we just bow our heads for another word of prayer? Precious Jesus, again, thankful, Father, of all that you've done for us, Lord. Thank you for this place. Thank you for this time. Thank you for this service, Lord. Thank you for those that have come today, Lord, and sacrificed their time to be here. God, may you bless them exceedingly. Those who may be watching, Father, streaming with us today, God. May you bless them as well, Father. Keep us in your protective care, Lord, as we look to you for all things today. God, may you speak through these lips the words you'd have us to hear. Father, may it be according to your perfect will, Father. anoint our ears to receive that and reveal to us Lord that that you'd have us to see and know because it is truly a revelation Lord today of who we a portion of your bride each of us and your bride worldwide who we are in you Lord is truly a revelation something shown to us to recognize Lord it's no longer us Lord but it's you God it's nothing that we can do nothing we can say but you've already done it Lord you've done it all you've given us everything we have a need of. Lord, you hung there and you said that it is finished. When you said it is finished, that meant it was finished. All we can do is receive, accept, and believe today, God, for you have already done the work. So many people today seem to try to work themselves towards salvation. They try to work themselves into the kingdom of God or work themselves into receiving the Holy Spirit. But it's just so simple. It's just so easy. Just believe. Just believe and trust God. Accept, Lord, your word. And Lord, we know that you give to those who according to your scripture. Follow your scripture, Lord. Because Father, your prophet said that full obedience to your word entitles us to that token. Amen. Lord, that full obedience that we have to repent and are baptized, receive the Holy Spirit, Jesus Christ, living in us again. Lord, may you take complete control of the remaining part of the service. We commit it to you, Lord, and pray your Holy Spirit would have preeminence. Speak through these lips again. Anoint our ears, Lord, to receive that and let it be accomplished, Lord, that you sent it forth for today. We'll thank you and praise you for all things. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. St. John 12, 2:es, 23- 24. We'll read. Jesus answered them, saying, "The hour has come that the Son of Man should be glorified. Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. As we go back over to Acts chapter 2. Amen. And read that scripture again to try to continue to kickstart. This will be the adoption part 10. Uh the bride part two. Amen. And so this is the adoption part 10, the bride part two. Praise the Lord. So we kickstart in that scripture recognizing that Jesus said, "I'm sure obviously probably in my opinion that when Jesus spoke this, they probably had no idea what he was talking about." Amen. Although he prophesied and told them several times what was going to happen and what was happening, uh, it would go right over their heads. I'm sure a lot of that happened when brother Brandon was here and a lot of things that were ministered said probably went right over people's heads didn't understand it. Uh you can listen on tape and say I'm sure you understand and the congregation says amen. And I bet probably 10% or less understood it. But it's okay. Uh we we all kind of fall in that category sometimes, but we get down and say, "Well, Lord, um uh I know me and my wife have been in places and heard ministers speak and things just didn't quite add up from what we know and what the scripture says and all and people are shouting and screaming and we're sitting there uh because there there's nothing there uh to scream about for us." So, uh, anyway, we just it just happens to be, but maybe the it wasn't our time. I don't know. Uh, although that was 20, 30 years ago, and I guess it still hasn't time because I still look at some of that and think, what were they talking about? But, uh, anyway, the Lord is still mindful. Praise the Lord. And I believe that even after that Jesus said that I'm sure they begin to start as the mo the the Holy Spirit moved in and they become born again and the Holy Spirit spoke to them that they began to recognize a lot of the things that probably they didn't recognize the beginning probably like a lot of those people and things that I listened to. I mean, when I first came and became a Christian, a lot of things I heard and listened to and people that seemed to accept as something that was uh uh common knowledge I didn't understand or I didn't get or it it wasn't something that was uh knowledge to me or whatever, if you will. But but since then after growing and ministering and over 30 years now it you comes to a place and the Lord reveals stuff to you and it starts getting to where it it starts making I hate saying the word sense but it starts making sense. It start the puzzle starts coming together. And you put it together and you say, "Okay, I that that I can see why that come from there and why that was said there and what the Lord was talking about here and what the prophet was talking about here and and then when it starts the puzzle starts coming together starts looking like a picture. That picture then uh is a common picture. You look at it makes sense. You look at it and say well that's the way it's supposed to be." Amen. And it's supposed to add up. Revelation 1 to re uh Genesis 1 to Revelation 22. It all supposed to dubtail perfectly together. If any of it is wrong, if any of it is out of cater, if any of it is not uh inspired, then it's then none of then how can you trust any of it. Right? Amen. If there's anything wrong, like I've said many times before, if there's anything wrong, it's not the word, it's not the message, the problems with me. Yes. Amen. I need to get myself right because there's nothing wrong with this, right? So if there's a problem, the problem is with me. Yes. Amen. Or if anybody thinks there's something contrary or something, read it again. Amen. I had a a very close brother. Well, I knew him and a brother from his church used to come and minister us in Florida a lot. His name was Dale Catch. Uh if you've got a lot of quote books or something that you've seen through the years, he compiled most of those books that you've probably seen, had or maybe even still have. He's passed on now. But I remember brother Dell gave me a testimony one time that uh when he came into the message and the truth and he started uh listening this there's only one God. There's uh there's not three gods. There's no trinity. And uh that he told me he said that was the hardest thing he had to grasp. uh you just couldn't see it. It just didn't make sense to him. And he would he he was in the message and he would preach the word, but he it just you just couldn't get that. And he said the Holy Spirit uh inspired him to read the the Gospels and Acts all the way through. And he said he read the Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John and Acts. Did it again. Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Acts. Matthew, Mark, he said about halfway through, the third time of reading those all the way through, the Lord revealed it to him. Amen. It became clear. He saw it as he said the third I think if I'm right, the third time through as he was getting through, it became clear to him and he said, and that was it. And then once you see it, you can't unsee it. It's there. Praise the Lord. And it's God revealing himself. And when you get it, you understand that it makes sense. See, and I'm sure when Jesus said, "Except the corn of wheat fall on the ground," they didn't realize he was talking about himself. I'm sure they didn't realize they were that he was talking about himself or any botney life. If you understand uh the progression of life, uh God made botney life, he made animal life, and he made human life. But he put in each one of those the the process of life. He put in everyone. People talk about being vegetarians because they don't want to eat animals. Well, you realize the lettuce has to die for you to for you to live. The lettuce had to die. Yeah. I mean, don't have eyeballs. Maybe like an animal does, but the the lettuce had to die. The cucumber had to die. The tomato had to die. There was life in that tomato before you plucked it off the plant and shoved it in your face. There was there was food in there was there was life in that tomato before you took it off. Amen. There was life in that animal. There's there's human life. See, God put in every one of them that process of life. Yeah. And that's why God always types in the scripture and what brother Brandham looking at nature typed that into the scripture and recognizing that that that that that scripture that God had that process of life. And in every one of those processes of life is in itself the ability to reproduce life. Embody life. The ability to reproduce life. They don't procreate like humans do. Amen. or animals do, but in it is life. There's seed. There's seed life. There's seed life in animal life. Amen. Way to reproduce. There's seed life in the human life. A way to reproduce life to continue to keep life going. That's how life keeps going. That's why God continues to uh uh to bring example as Jesus said, a corn of wheat. What's he talking about? Botney life. He's put in an example of his life being dead, buried, rising again in in botney life, not animal life. He he he typed it to botney life. A corn of wheat falling into the ground. If a corn of wheat does not fall on the ground and die and rot and come back again, it abides alone. It's just one seed. But if it comes up again, it produces multiple seeds. If Jesus was here by himself, had not died and gone into the grave uh and gone to hell and conquered death, hell, and the grave and come back and rose again, then there wouldn't be all of us, right? It would just be him, right? Just like it was in the beginning. It was God. God alone. Amen. He created human life. And human life very shortly after creation fell. And when human life fell, all of creation fell. Animal life fell. body life fell. There was no thorn on a rose bush before the humanity fell. Right? There there was no need for the lion to be the lamb to be scared of the lion before the fall. All of nature fell when human life fell. So it wasn't short after that human life fell and have failed God ever since. Yes. Human life has really in my opinion has pretty much done nothing but fail God ever since that time. That's right. And we're still failing him. Yes. Amen. Even though we come to him and we give ourselves every day, the sticky flesh, you make mistakes and do things. We're failing him every day. All the time. Brother Ram said, Brother Green said told him that everything that you do in the eyes of God is is sin. So God help us to think I have any righteousness. All my righteousness according to the scripture is filthy rags in God's eyes. So what have I got to offer God? I don't have anything to offer him. There's nothing good I can give to him. Only the grace that he's shone in my life is the only thing that I have that I can claim to of being anything good at all because he is the only one that is good. Amen. So God Jesus typing himself even to botney life going back to seed life. Unless that seed goes in the ground and and dies and rots, amen, it just it's just one seed. It just abides alone. Amen. But when it rots, dies and rots and comes back, it comes back like he did on the day of Pentecost. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind of the God comes as we said the other day waving over the people. Amen. Because he come back from the dead. Now it's not just him. It's not just one. It's not just a corn of wheat or a or a single seed. What it is now is that life has come up and it's waved over the people. And all the house was filled. Praise the Lord. Where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire. And it set upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. Began to speak with other tongues. And the spirit gave them utters. Now you got 120, not just one seed, but 120 that are there that received that on that day. After Peter began to preach to them, 3,000 souls were added to the kingdom that day. 3,000. Amen. So now it was no longer one. Praise the Lord. Now I'm I don't believe it was 3,000 to the exact number. When you look in the scripture, you look and see many times that you can actually prove in the scripture um like uh uh like the number of years that they were in the children of Israel captive in Egypt. Amen. Was exactly to the day that many years of people want to hold everything to the exact but may not have been exactly 3,000, but we recognize approximately 3,000 people. Amen. We're added to the kingdom that day. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, now it's not just one. Now, it's not just Jesus walking around and everybody following him. There's 3,000 plus of 120 speaking with tongues, knocking and kicking out the walls and people coming around and in amazement. So, what is going on with these people? And then Peter spoke up and said this, "They're not drunk as you supposed, but the spirit of God has returned and fallen upon these people." Joel prophesied that that would happen. Amen. He does. He tells them Joel prophesied that this would happen. But what you're seeing is the fulfillment of the scripture. Amen. Don't look at these people with a wrong eye. Recognize this is God working. Yeah. This is God in motion. This is God and his people. This is God fulfilling his word. And 3,000 souls were added. Amen. Not just one. Now, now you don't have just one man with people following around. You got 3,000 people scattered all over trying to uh spreading the gospel. Amen. telling maybe hopefully everybody they see about what they experienced and what was going on, what was happening. Praise the Lord. Because it was God that ministered to their hearts and so that they could see that it was God returning. Christ died. Amen. Went to hell and rose again. Amen. As he did, remember the corn of wheat as the church was born here. Amen. We talked about last week. As the church was born here, it fell into the ground and died under Nia Rome. Amen. 320 AD it died. Talked about the church ages recognizing that uh the church ages that uh that uh were represented here in the scripture. 320 AD would have been Smyrnia. If you go back and read Smyrnia because we're not doing a study on the church ages per se, but if you go back and you read in Smyrnia, you'll find out what God had against them. Amen. You go in Ephesians and look that basically Jesus is telling the Ephesian church age who had the most light of any age. Why? Because it was the birth of this church, right? The church was birthed poor. It went through this from 53 170 went through the Ephesian church age but it started to wayne a little bit. Why? He said you left your first love. Some simple, isn't it? Yes. Just to think something as simple as just love. Amen. Amen. something that the world's made a mockery of. That's probably a lot of the big problem. The world's made a mockery of love because they don't know what love is. Yes. All they know is what a filio love or human love or love that says I'll love you if you love me. I'll do good to you if you do good to me. That's not God's love. That's right. Amen. God's love says, "I'll love you." Period. Amen. Amen. God's love says, "I'll do for you whether you do for me or not." God's love is unconditional. And man has perverted God's love. But what love is he talking about? He's talking about his love. God's love, not man's love. You have left your first love. What was the first love? Well, they found it right here on the day of Pentecost. That was their first love. So, they started going away from that, the Holy Spirit that fell on that day and they started to gravitate over towards man. So that in the second the second church age in Smyrnia, it be got it began to get darker and darker. Amen. what happened with the children of Israel. They did the same thing. They went through Moses and saw all the miracles, all the things that happened through Moses and all the great things that Moses that God did through Moses. Amen. And and they come out on the other side and they're like, and they were still dissatisfied. I mean, I would say, how can you look at that and and see what God did for them? Pulling them out of Egypt in bondage, taking them across the Red Sea, destroying their enemy, all that God did for them. How can you look at that and still be dissatisfied? That's right. I would think and look back and read it and I think, how could those people still be so dissatisfied? But you know what? Is history does repeat itself. A lot of people the exact same way today dissatisfied over of all the things that God's done for us. We still seem sometimes to be dissatisfied with what God with the way our lives are going or what God's done. We seem dissatisfied or disappointed. Amen. How can we dis How can we as Christians, born again sons and daughters of God, be disappointed at what God has done for us if he has done nothing but save you? If God has done nothing but put his life in you, what else could you ask? Amen. Now, I know we have all the blessings and benefits of the scripture that God has given us and we have those benefits. We are the beneficiaries of that. Go to Hebrews and find out that we are the beneficiary of the word that he wrote that he came back and lived again to make right. usually a beneficiary. Uh uh the benefactor the person has to die for someone to become a beneficiary. Amen. For me to get for me to get something in the will I they have to die first for me to get that. Well, Jesus died but he rose again to fulfill what he promised he would give us. Amen. Praise the Lord. So now we have what God's given us. But he didn't but if he didn't do anything but save us, redeem us, fill us with his spirit, what else could we ask for? Yes. And yet still sometimes we seem dissatisfied. Yes. God help us all. Amen. Amen. God help us. But the children of Israel seem seem so dissatisfied. So whether they're like we know this and we know that and we've seen that happen and we've seen this happen, but we we we still want a king over us, right? We still want a king, but God's given you everything. God's brought you into this land. God's fulfilled every promise. God's this, that, and the other. Yeah, we know. But we still want a king. We still want somebody over us. That's exact history repeating itself. Amen. We know what happened on Pentecost. We know these things that we know the the the the disciples and we know all these. But what we we still want somebody over us. We we still need to uh denominate and have this hierarchy or something that rules over us. We need to have something more than that. See they so they rejected God. Left their first love. rejected God to accept man. And just like God did to them, the children of Israel, he did the exact same thing here. Amen. He said, "Okay, you want a king, I'll give you a king." Amen. I'll give you a king. And they and he did. He gave him a king. And you see how that turned out, right? When man is ruling over, you see how that turned out? First, you see Saul and then what did Saul do? Saul, God finally had to just take Saul out, sent Samuel up and said, "Since you since you've disobeyed everything God said, God's taken you and your kingdom away from you and given it to a man after his own heart." Gave it to David, right? And and and David was a good man. But look at how that kingdom continued to pro progress. Israel and Judah and how wicked men, horrible men got to the place that you ended up with an Ahab and Jezebel and uh Ahab and Jezebel. Amen. That's right. God had to basically tell them. He he actually fed Jezebel to the dogs, right? And send Elijah to prophesy that that Ahab's the dogs would lick up his blood. They were so crooked and so evil. Amen. Well, what did it do here? God did the same thing. We'll just turn you over. Amen. And and as it did and they waned away from following the Holy Ghost and going into man and 320 Pgamus AD, they denominated. They denominated and died right there. Right? And you see that Pergamus age probably has a fourth of light. A fourth of the age is light now. Which led into Thyra, which is basically almost gone, right? the next two that died. See, they had to die there. Amen. And through the dark ages, that seed rotted. Amen. Because like we read last week, Revelation 9, that spirit was even bound. The Holy Spirit was bound not at the not at the river Euphrates. As we as we read the 200,000,000, 200 million horsemen were bound by the river Euphrates. It was bound. The Holy Spirit was bound to move in the church. Amen. Even though there were bride there, even though there were Holy Ghost fil people there, the Holy Spirit could not move in that atmosphere because the church order had it bound right to where the Holy Spirit couldn't even move in those church ages. And you see barely just a little bit of life. Amen. Amen. And it would have gone completely away. That's right. But that seed that rotted in the ground, it fell in the ground. It died at Na rotted during the dark ages. But what they fell to see was the little sprig that was coming up from that corn of wheat that fell into the ground. So it wasn't Jesus, the corn of wheat that fell on the ground and rose again. It was the church wheat that fell on the ground and had to rise again. And they didn't recognize that little blade began to come up out of the ground again, brought a stalk, which was in Luther. And in that stalk was what was was life. Amen. There was life in that stalk. Life again. A life that had been squelched by man. And putting a pope uh uh uh uh as the as the pontiff over the people over all basically all of what they called Christianity, all of Christianom. The pope was over this pontiff. This instead of Christ uh was in its place. vicarious filidi in place of Christ, right? Which we know spells out 666, right? Amen. They put in its place and it died. It rotted. But then they fell to see in Luther's age. Luther Catholic priests saw the word and he began to realize this ain't about indulgences. This isn't about uh uh uh Hail Marys and and and what all the the Catholic thing. It's not all about the this indulgences. Well, you got to pay, you know, and everything is everything takes money. Again, you go to Revelation 6, you see a a corn of wheat, a a pound of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny. Amen. And measuring out the wealth of the world, garnering the wealth of the world, making them pay for everything. Yeah. Oh, your dad died. Oh, he was an evil person. But if you pay me enough enough money, I'll pray him out of purgatory. Just just pay me enough and I'll get him out of there. Oh my the filth. Amen. But they didn't see there was life again in that stalk. That stalk of the corn and wheat that fell on the ground came back and started coming and bringing back life again. And Luther stood there and said, "The just shall live by faith." the 95 thesis nailed to the door to Wittenberg, Germany. Yes. Amen. His his exclamation to the church. Amen. And as as they continue to kill people that come against the church, reformers, uh you had the you had the reformation, you had the Renaissance, you had the the in the invention of the printing press and things you so so that they they as they kept the Bible away from the hands of the common people, they couldn't do it anymore because it was too many people getting thirsty for the truth because the light was coming up again. And as the life was coming up again, they missed it. And Luther with his the just shall live by faith go over into Wesley. And by this time, you had Bibles being mass- prodduced and people reading the Bible. Amen. People reading the Bible and saying the the church was wrong. Amen. This is not scripture. Amen. People still do it today though uh with all the things that they follow most of which are not scriptural. Yeah. Uh they they look at the scripture say where is in the scripture? Well now they just say well it doesn't matter what the Bible says because the pope is here instead of Christ and what he says is what you listen to. Right. Amen. putting that over Christ. But there was still a stalk. There was still life in the midst of the darkness. You see it start coming back in Sardis Age with Luther. It gets a little lighter in sanctification with Wesley when it comes up into the tossel. Amen. and of the wheat coming back again, the life coming back again into that restoration of the gifts and Isuza Street in 1906. The the the the life coming into the shuck. Amen. Which was the which was the pro protector of the real seed. The shuck's not the seed. It's a protector of the seed. The shuck is there to keep and to hold the seed, but it's not the seed. It looks a lot like the seed. Amen. The shuck looks a lot like the seed, but it is not the seed. The seed is inside the shuck. Yes. Amen. If it's in its infancy stage, you can pull back that shuck a little bit and look back in there. If you could, this is if you had maybe a magnifying glass or something, you see just a tiny bit of life, just a little piece of seed in there, right? Amen. just waiting to continue to blossom forth and become a full grain wheat like it was that fell into the ground. Amen. So the church died, Christ died, rose again. Church died, rose again. Apostle but and recognized in that stalk there was life. But after Luther died and went away, they denominated. Amen. people that were there weren't happy. So, they denominated and the life went away from that into the tossel and the stalk dies. There's no more life. The life's gone on. Amen. So that as they denominate, the life moves on. God always does that. You reject God and God moves on. Yes. I if if if God moves in your path, if God comes in your way, if God speaks to you and moves on you and you reject him, God's not going to stand there and beat you over the head with a ball bat. He's going to move on. Amen. Amen. He'll move on and find somebody who does want. He's going to find a better ground to move into. Yes. Praise the Lord. And they moved as they rejected him by denomination, he moved on. He moved into the Tossel in Wesley. When they denominated and they denominated, God moved on into the shove, into the life, into the restoration of the gifts. As they moved out of that, they kept their gifts. They kept the gifts that operate by the Holy Spirit. They kept those gifts. They started denominated around those gifts. Instead of instead of organizing around Jesus Christ, they denominated around gifts, right? and said the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost is speaking in tongues. Well, that's organizing, denominating around a gift, not around Christ, right? We organize around Christ. Our lives are center or Christ centered, not gift centered. As we said the other day, you can't major on a minor. And a gift is a minor, right? Christ, the word is the major. Amen. And as and as they moved away from God, the shuck pulled away and fell off and the ground is chaff that flow blows away with the with the wind. And then you got a you got a pure wheat grain again. Amen. Produced out of that life. That same life. It's God's life. It's the same life. Amen. Let's see if I can find in the rapture message January uh December 465 that corn of wheat had to fall into the ground just like Jesus had to fall to rise again. So did the church of Pentecost had to fall. It had to go into the ground through them dark ages. Any weed, any grain that goes into the ground has to lay in that dark time to bring forth. But it started sprouting again in Martin Luther. Come on out through Wesley on out into Pentecost, the restoration of gifts. Now in to go out to the grain and now the denominational systems. The systems, not the people. is the system. Amen. The system that they left behind their stalks that is all is to be burned. Once the crane, once the grain is harvested into the garner, the stalk, the shock, the tossel is all dead, dies. It's it's harvested, thrown into the burner or rotted left to be rot or or burned. Once a field gets harvested, they'll a lot of times uh me and my wife were flying over a lot of farmland uh in in the southeast and there's fires all over the place. And I told my wife, I said, "Look at these fires. You don't hear anything about them, but they're probably just control burns because what they do once the once the genuine wheat once the genuine grain is harvested into the garner, they burn the rest of it, right? It's all burned over. It purifies everything else. He said, "Look, all the denomin denominational system that they left behind, stalks, that's all is to be burnt." The denominational system. Amen. And when you look at the church ages, you look at denominational system, the the light that's in each age represents the bride. What is she? She's been called out of that denominational system. She's not a part of that. Praise the Lord. She she believes Christ is her head. Not not a district prespter. Uh not not a board of any kind, not any kind of elected or non-elected board. There's no board of governors. There's no board of deacons. There's no there's no board of trustees. There's no board that is to rule over that God's church. Amen. Amen. Amen. Jesus Christ rules over his church. And he put men of God in the church to minister that word by the Holy Spirit. Amen. Not to be controlled by man. If it's controlled by man, God burns it over and moves on. Right. Yeah. That's where the life goes. But the real grain of wheat that come out of each of those reformations will be caught up in the bride because it all together will make up the bride all together. Bride from every age, not denomination but bride. She's been called out of that church. Revelation 18. come out of her mighty people and be not partaker of her what church her sins. Praise the Lord. She's been called out individually. We die and we rot to rise again a new person as a bride whole internationally. Die and rot to come back again as the bride of as the mature bride of Jesus Christ that God has called us to be. Amen. And through those church ages, she is this bride. She is a word seed bride. Amen. Praise the Lord. She is a word seed bride. The life is the seed. Praise the Lord. Amen. The word is a seed. She is that life. Now look though, we read this last week. I'm going to read a couple of these scriptures again. Acts chapter 20. There was warnings. Amen. Brother Brown gave warnings as well. I didn't print those quotes out, but gave warnings as well. But you look in the scripture, there's several warnings that went on in the scripture to let us know that that these things were going to happen. These darkness is going to come in. These people were going to come in. Amen. And try to destroy you to try to pull you away from the truth that you have been taught. Look, he said now uh Acts 20 verse 25. And now behold, I know that ye all among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God shall see my face no more. Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men. For I have not shunn to declare unto you all the counsel of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the church of God which he had purchased with his own blood. For I know this that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you not sparing the flock. Right? The warning that Paul gives, this is all nice, fine, and good, but upon my departure, grievous wolves will come in and they won't they won't spare the flock. Yeah. Amen. Satan will come. When Satan comes in, he doesn't leave the bride alone. Nope. In fact, you're his number one target. Yes. He doesn't say, "Oh, well, they're born again. They're children of God. Uh there's nothing I can do with them anyway. I just leave them alone." You're his first target. Amen. You're the bullseye on the target that he's aiming for. And that's exactly these grievous wolves, inspired, of course, and orchestrated by the devil, come in and try to destroy what God has created. Thank God he can't destroy that true bride. But they will come, not sparing the flock, to try to divert you away from that truth. Also of your own selves shall men arise among yourselves. God help us. We we never want to say that or try to attain or admit to it, but that's the truth. Amen. In our own ranks, men, people have risen up to try to destroy and take you away from the truth that you know is right. Among yourselves shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them. What is a perverse thing? He's not talking about things of sexual nature or things that are perverse. He's talking about anything that's contrary to the revealed word of God, right? Amen. Anything contrary to the revealed word of God is perverse. Amen. Amen. So that they can draw disciples away to follow them. Oh, I have a new way. I have a new revelation. I have a new uh message. I I I have a new prophecy. I have a new I think this is going to and I think maybe this and it looks like this and it looks like that. What do they do? They just draw people away. Yes. Amen. Just to try to draw people away, get them to send them money and all. It's just It's just perverse. Amen. It's all it is. Praise the Lord. All All these prophecies, they might hit one in a thousand, might hit one in 10,000. But Brother Ram said, if you say something in the name of the Lord doesn't happen, you come to the altar and repent because the devil's on you. Yes. You need to get people to pray the devil off of you. Amen. draw disciples after them. Therefore, watch and remember that thy space of three years, I cease not. Three years, I cease not to warn everyone night and day with tears. Now, look what Jude said. Jude chapter Well, there's no chapters in Jude. Jude verse three and four. Amen. Look at Jude's warning. Who is the brother of James? Look at his warning. Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me. Needful for me, I would say necessary. Yes. To write unto you and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith. Amen. Amen. Means there's going to be contention. Yes. Means there's going to be times you're going to need to stand on what you believe. Amen. Stand for what you know is right. Amen. You're going to have to contend and hold true to what you know is right according to the word. Amen. Contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. For there's for there are certain men crept in unawares. Amen. What does that mean? That means they've come in and they become a part of you. Yes. Amen. They they they've become a part of your belief and understanding and uh the message if you will. Amen. Amen. And look like you and talk like you and act like you, you know, praise the Lord. Come in. They That's how they're unawares. You don't recognize it because they It looks just like it. Amen. You ever You ever heard the expression I have you ever heard? You've all heard the expression, if it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck and waddles like a duck and swims like a duck, it's a duck. That's not always true. Amen. You know, geese look like ducks and swim like ducks and smell like ducks and quack like ducks, but they're not ducks. They're geese. Amen. It's not always a duck. Amen. I I understand where there's smoke, there's fire. I get all that. And I understand most of the time that is true, but it's not always true. They can come in and look and sound and dress and play the part just like any. And that's how they be that's how they come in unawares. You don't recognize it. That sp spirit that's behind that. Amen. They come in unawares who were before of old ordained. They were ordained to this condemnation. Their ordination is to do what they do. Amen. You think sometimes the people come in and and and bring in heresies, bring in hibernation. How could these people do? Well, they're ordained to that. Amen. Amen. Just like we're ordained to do what we do. Uh, God's ordained you to do that. Praise the Lord. I had I've had people come and ask me, "Who ordained you?" I said, "God." Amen. Amen. Amen. I had men lay hands on me, but God ordained me. Amen. Praise the Lord. I wasn't ordained at some seminary or by some organization, denomination, or group. I was ordained by God. Amen. I had men pray over me and say, "God, bless this gift that's in this man's life." Absolutely. But I was ordained by God to do what I do. You're ordained to do what you do by God. That's a part of your adoption. That's a part of knowing who you are. That's a part of being a part of the family. Yes. Amen. You're ordained to that. Praise the Lord. These people were ordained to this to be ungodly people. They were uh ordained to this condemnation. ungodly man turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Making God's grace a disgrace. That's right. Amen. Making the grace of God a disgrace. Say you can do what you want. The grace of God covers you. Doesn't work that way. Amen. Uh that that's the same old Catholic belief of going and saying, "Well, I'm going to go get drunk and I'll pray the priest afterward to pray the indulgence or whatever it is they do. I I I'll just pay him enough money and it'll be all right. That'll take care of it." Amen. Not for that. Yeah. Grace of God is when you make a mistake, when you slip up, when you do something maybe you shouldn't, say something you shouldn't. The grace of God is to cover basically the whole of our lives. But it it covers not because we purposely intend to be a evil person. It doesn't work that way. You make the God grace. It's like Paul like Paul said in the Romans church said if it's if if the grace of God abounds, why don't we just all go in sin so that the grace abounds even more? Because we've all just become a bunch of sinners. So the grace of God really is strong and abounding. Paul said, "God forbid." Amen. God didn't give you the his grace to make a disgrace out of it. That's right. But these people make God's grace into a disgrace. Lasciviousness. Yeah. Amen. Which I don't have to explain to you is an extremely evil word. If you go look up the word lasciviousness, you'll see it's an extremely the the the uh the definitions of this is extremely evil, wicked, demonic. uh is lasciviousness and denying and and how can you get more evil than to take people off the word. Amen. You can go smoke, drink, gamble, whatever, run around, but how can you get more evil than trying to take people off the true word of God? How do you get more evil than hybriding God's word? You don't. That's as evil as it gets. Amen. Whether they're in a message dress or or what doesn't matter. Hybriding the word is the most evil thing. You can be the most pure person in the world, but you hybrided the word and changed God. That's the most evil thing it can do. And that's what people do. The warning though. See the warning. What about this day? I'll close here in a minute. these last days that we're living. Amen. We're living in a very wicked age, a very wicked time. Yeah. These denominations, think about this age. I'm going to finish with this. I might read one more scripture and and we'll move on. I I won't get to a couple of the other things I wanted to say today, but Christ and mystery of God revealed. I want to bring a couple things more together here. and we'll close. Now, the big fancy intellectual denominations are doing the very same thing. Gathering themselves together to do the same thing. See, they are gathering and a denominating themselves. Each one trying to be out the other. Sounds like message churches. Yeah. Forget denomination. That's what message seem like they want to do. Oh my. Did I say something I shouldn't? Anyway, trying to beat out the other one. And now they got so much splendor. They don't know what to do to unite with the Catholic Church. And they do. They are. They will. They continue. They will see Lucifer again building a bigger kingdom to push out people that don't believe in denominations and even take their church buildings and make storooms out of them. And the pastors of those churches have no rights at all. And a man that is God-scent man would never stay in a denomination after hearing seeing something like that. He has enough of God to get him out of that. Certainly. I don't say that critically. I say that truthfully. Notice these last days. Lucifer doing the same thing. Satan doing the same thing. Can you see it? Congre congregation says, "Amen. I doubt I doubt very many actually saw it." Today now 50 years later, yeah. Amen. Becomes more more light and more common all the time. Praise the Lord. More light. Think about that. More light. As that light comes on, it changes things. Light changes things. You see, even in the government when the light start shining on things, the roaches start scattering. Yes. Amen. You see the roaches are scattering now. I had a bunch of them out here in front of this Tesla place yesterday, too. I call the people roaches, but you know, it's just that spirit, that system. See, got those people bound. Amen. But you notice how they'll scatter. See, when the light comes on and because they're Jesus said their deed, their deeds are evil, right? So when light shone on, they don't like the light because it brings their deeds into light and they don't want their deeds to be in light because they're evil. Right? So anyway, seeing this now, they said, "Can you see?" Amen. The devil doing the same thing. Building up a hybrid church, a hybrid by hybrid members, hybrid by knowledge instead of the word, by intellectual men instead of bornagain men building an intellectual kingdom that will outshine Christ, Christ's little bitty flock. And you see today even in this message Satan substituting churches, people substituting the word of God for some intellectualism or sensationalism. Amen. They want to want to have a chill up and down the spine or have some kind of intellectualism. Friend, if it's an intellectual church you're looking for, I'm your wrong I'm the wrong pastor. Amen. Amen. Because I uh I'm thankful God showed me how to read. uh and comprehend a little bit. But intellectual, I've been around some of these brothers before and they'll talk and talk and talk and 30 minutes later I I I feel I'm dumber than I was before they started talking. I don't know what they said. I have no idea what scripture reference they're using, what message. I don't know what they were trying to get to. I don't know what the point of the whole thing was. But I've been in churches like this. Yes. Amen. intellectualism trying to exchange substitute the word for emotionalism or intellectualism. Oh, that's the exact same thing brother Bram said that the denominations would do. What does that tell you? Tells you the denomination spirit is among us, friends. Yes, it is. God help us all. Amen. Hybrid church, intellectual kingdoms, outshining Christ's little bitty flock. Little bitty flock. Look out. How many here? Amen. We got a small flock, but by the grace of God, mighty and power of the Holy Spirit, the the Bible said it was fallen angels who listened to Lucifer instead of Christ who they once belonged to. Is that right? Amen. Now listen close. Fallen angels. What kind of angels? Luther, Wesley, Catholic, Pentecostals who kept not their first estate like the angels did and has fell into organizations like Lucifer's main hold at Na. What was it? Stalk, Tossel, Chuck, they all carried the life right out into the If it weren't for a Luther and a Wesley and a Pentecost, there wouldn't have come a time where we now have the bride age. There would not have come that time. The life had to come through as that seed fell on the ground and died in rot. That life had to come back through the stalk and through the tossel and through the shuck into the life of the wheat. It was a carrier. But when that's done, the sh the the the stalk denominates dies. The tossel denominates dies. Shove denominates dies. And it's all burned away. Yes. Now what's left? Amen. What kind of angels? Luther, Wesley, Catholic denomination. Amen. Pentecostal. Those kind of angels. Not Luther. Not Martin Luther, not John Lesley personally, but that the denominated that after he left. Yes. Which Paul said would happen, which Jude said would happen, which brother Brandon said would happen after his departure. And what has happened? The exact same thing. Exactly what he said would do has happened. Amen. sold out reasonings of education and wisdom instead of the word of God. Amen. Now, Matthew chapter 24, let me read this. I skip over some of that. Matthew chapter 24, they come and ask Jesus. They ask Jesus, "How will we know when it's the tie? What is the end time?" Amen. How can we know when all these things are going to happen? Yes. And Jesus tells them this and that. See all these things he talks about. And we go to the fourth verse. Jesus answered and said, "Take heed." Look at what Jesus the first thing that Jesus says after they ask him that. Amen. After after their question about the end time and when time going to come and all, the first thing Jesus said, verse four, Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you." Amen. So, we've got the warning from Paul. We got the warning from Jesus. Got the warning from Jude that we see all in scripture. We got the We got the warning that Brother Brandham gave us. Yes. Amen. All the same warning. Right. Jesus right here. Take heed that no man deceive you. That's the first thing. Praise the Lord. But now, when you get to the end of this, now look through those ages. We'll probably reiterate this maybe again next week, but when you get to this last age, look at through all the ages now. Amen. You had you you had those anointings, which we'll we'll probably again read maybe next week. You had all the anointings, the the uh the lion, and and the calf, the ox, and the man, and the eagle, and the anointing of each of these ages, which you know, after this age is gone, after his bride's gone, there'll be no more anointing. That's right. Right. That anointing will be gone. Yes. But they each had that anointing. But you notice through the the horse age and the horse and buggy age and went into the car and look look what Jesus said at the end of his exclamation here, his his proclamation. Revelation 24 or excuse me, Matthew 24:14. Amen. He says, "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations. Then shall the end come." Yes. Now, how could that have ever happened until this age? That's right. Amen. Not even the automobile age could that have happened. Right. But now we got airplanes that can take you from one continent to another in a matter of 10, 12 hours or less sometimes. can take you across the country. Yes. In in in just a few hours. Meanwhile, I flew here to Atlanta, three hours. Here, you know how long it take us to drive it? 25, 30 to drive it. Three hours. Now, in this last day, where the light has come in and shone upon this age, shone upon this time. This is the time now that we live where this can be fulfilled. Yes. When this word can be preached, this gospel of the kingdom, not a man's gospel, but the gospel of the kingdom to be preached in all the world to all nations because everybody is going to hear it. Yes. Everybody has to be uh uh able to receive it. Amen. God doesn't judge anybody unless he's given them a chance. And this gospel would be preached in all worlds to all nations before the end comes. He said well he said then the end will be then the end will come. Could not have happened till this time that we're living now. Amen. Or humans people the gospel not only airplanes and live gospel but you can pick up probably not that phone but you can pick up this phone and talk to anybody around the world. You can pick up this phone and social media anybody around the world. You can pick up this phone and FaceTime anybody that has like phone around the world. I know people that preach that that minister to uh groups in different parts of the country. 30hour flight away this or or or this just a way to get around the world. How could we have gotten around the world quicker than we can now? Amen. But that's what Jesus said will happen before the end comes. How close then are we, saints? Amen. How close then are we? If all these things that we see have come to pass, what kind of people ought we to be? Yes. Amen. What age are we living in? Amen. Praise the Lord. God help us. Let's stand if we could. I'll close right there. This gospel be preached to all the kingdom and all the world. Amen. And every nation, to all people. Then shall the end come. Yes. Praise the Lord. What what kind of again? What kind of people should we be? Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. That's so true. Let's sing this course. Uh Mike can probably find it on the computer there. We can have it on the screen. Let's sing this course. Uh I want to live the way he wants me to live. I guess that's the name of it. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live for this last day that we live. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. It's my desire, saints. All of our desires live the way he wants us to live. Be what he wants us to be. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing it to him now. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. Oh yes Lord, I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my Lord. All is singing this way to him now. I'm going to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love my Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Is that our desire today? Yes. Praise the Lord. To live the way he wants us to live, to be what he wants us to be. Yes. Amen. To live by his word, to stand on his word, to be that soldier of the cross that God has given us, to continue to contend for that faith, contend for that word delivered to us. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Amen. I pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord today. Amen. Appreciate the Lord's goodness to us. Amen. Please continue to remember all the prayer requests. Amen. That we had to remember sister Sheilia. Amen. Lord, just comfort her and family and give her traveling mercies on her trip this week. Amen. And appreciate your prayers for me traveling to Minnesota again this week. I appreciate your prayers for that, too. All those that are out not feeling well today. Amen. Lord richly bless you. Remember Zach's traveling tomorrow as well. So God richly bless you all. Love you. Appreciate you. We'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Amen. Does anyone else have anything before we dismissed today? That earthquake that happened, you know, it's a very serious situation and um I always pray, you know, for the people that God would help them, especially the household of faith. There's got to be believers there. I believe it. Amen. Bride is made up of every nation. Amen. So remember that situation. Amen. Absolutely. Yeah. Saw build saw video of building just came straight down collapsed. Amen. I saw there was another earthquake over in the Pacific uh in the Pacific Ocean that caused tsunami warnings and all too. So, Amen. You never know. The Lord, but we belong to him. Amen. No matter where we are, he protects us. Amen. And if it's time to go, we'll go. Yes. That's okay, too. Yes. etc. So, amen. Just remember that as well. God richly bless you. Appreciate you today. Be dismissed. Joel, buddy, would you dismiss us in praying from everything else? Yes, Lord God. Yes, there you go. We still know that you're there. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God richly bless you today. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
