################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-07 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 4062025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-07
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 4/06/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MPiBS04DtY
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - Sunday Morning - 4/06/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I lost. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wow. [Music] Lost. [Music] Lord, you are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold. Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with you. Oh yes, that's the truth. Amen. And Lord, you are more precious than silver. And Lord, you are more costly than gold. And Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with you. Oh, can we stand and sing it again? Yes, Lord, you are more precious than silver. And Lord, you are more costly than gold. And Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with you. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I guess when it comes down to our natural way of thinking and the elements that we have to compare to, I guess that's as good as it can get. Silver, gold, diamonds, we consider all precious in this life, but nothing even comes close to thinking about what it means to be our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Nothing compares. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord today. Preach the name of the Lord Jesus. Appreciate each one being here. If you're watching, God bless you as well. Thankful to be in the house of God again. One more time. Never know how many more of these times we're going to get like this. Amen. But as the Lord gives them to us, we take advantage of every one that we can get. Amen. Because you never know when the last one's going to be. Before we had that grand one on the other side. Praise. That's the one I'm looking forward to the most. Love you all. Enjoy our services. But that was the one I'm looking forward to. Amen. Praise the Lord. The Lord Jesus himself will be the orchestrator of that one. Amen. Although we believe he is here, too, right? Amen. So, God bless you. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer by his presence. Trust him to meet with us as he always does again today. Lord Jesus, we're very thankful again, Father, the grace, love, and mercy that you give us. Thank you for waking us up to see another beautiful day, Lord. And it is a beautiful day outside, Lord. Regardless of what the weather's like, it's a beautiful day because it's a day you've given us, Lord, to rejoice and be glad in. It's a day you've given us blessings in our lives, Lord, and strength and health and life and a sound mind and body, Lord, to worship you, to praise you, to learn of you, God, just to give ourselves into your hands, Father, for we have nothing else to give. All we have is ourselves, Lord. Our minds, our thoughts, our beings, our strength, all that we have, God, we give it to you, Lord. We just pray that your Holy Spirit would take complete control of this service today, Lord. And may everything we do as we worship you, God, be pleasing in your sight. We expect and believe, God, because this is your house, Lord, for you to be here again today and to move among us in a special supernatural way, God, in a powerful way, in a great way, Lord, for each one of us, for we're all a very needy people, God. go to the homes where they are now, Father. Maybe if they're watching, Lord, and just move upon them as well. Yes. Let it be to us, God, because we're a very needy people, desiring once again of your spirit to move. So may you grant it, Father. Bless us here in this place. All that is said and done, the songs that are sung. Lord, may you speak to us from your word. May everything be done pleasing to you, Lord. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hind, or infiltrate this service in any way at all that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. Help those, Lord, who weren't able to make it for some reason. God, just pray that you bless them and help them move upon them in a special anointed way that make it the next appointed time. We give this service into your hands. We ask it in the precious, holy, lovely name of our Lord and Savior. We pray Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. We're going to go to song number 464. See this little chorus? Have it on the screen here. 464. I am one of the few. Amen. One of the few. I'm so glad I'm one of the few. Amen. Thankful to be one of those few. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I am one of the few. One of the few and by faith in God's word I can claim it. Though the way may seem long though the opposition's strong for the bride there's a way proided when if I plan to go through just to hope will not do I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the you. I'm one of the few. One of the few. And my faith is God's word. I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong for the right, there's a way for it. Well, if I plan to go through just to hold will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. One of the few. One of the few. And my faith is God's word. I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong for the ride, there's a [Music] way to dwell if I plan to go through just to hope will not do. I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of one more time to him now. Yes, one of the few. One of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long though the opposition's strong for the bride. There's a way proided. Well, if I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the [Applause] few. Amen. Praise the Lord. Must be firmly decided. Hallelujah. Amen. that I am one of the few. It takes a revelation to believe and to know that you are one of the few. You're one of those that God has chosen, that God has predestined, Amen. to be a part of him from before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Amen. And I'm so glad to be one of the few. Praise the Lord. Amen. Psalm number 406 now. 406. Amen. We'll have it on the screen here. Amen. I'm in that number. Praise the Lord. If I'm one of the few, then I'm going to be in that number. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Only the few will be in that number. Amen. Praise the Lord. Cuz that number was made for the few. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number in wide. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number broken wide. That blood washed number. That blood washed number. I'm in that number broken wide. That blood washed number. That blood washed number. I'm in that number ro. When John saw that number, he saw that number. John saw that number rod in wide. John saw that number. That blood washed number. John saw that number rolled in wide. And I'm in that number. Amen. I'm in that number. I'm in that number wide. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number in wide. Well, it's a blood wash number. A blood wash number. And I'm in that number rod in wide. That blood washed number. That blood washed number. I'm in that number in wide. Well, John saw that number, that blood washed number. John saw that number opened in wide. John saw that number, that blood number. John saw that number opened in wide. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I'm in that number because I'm a part of him. Praise the Lord. I'm a part of the few. God put me in that number. Amen. I found my place one day. Praise the Lord. Just like we all talk about adoption. I found my place one day. And that place was in that number. Amen. Praise the Lord. And soon and very soon we're going home to see the Lord Jesus. Amen. One more before we go to the Lord in prayer now. Amen. Psalm number 271. [Music] So glad to be a part of the family of God. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful. Don't know what I would do without this family, saints. Amen. I'm so thankful to be a part of that family. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Well, you may notice we say brother and sister around here. It's because we're a family and these folks are so near. When one has a heartaching, we all share the tears and rejoice in each victory in this family so dear. Well, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood, joined with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm a part of the family, the family of God. From the door of an orphanage to the house of the king. No longer an outcast, a new song I sing. From rags to riches, from the weak to the strong. Well, I'm not worthy to be here, but praise God, I belong. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood, joined with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm a part of the family, the family. Sing that last verse again. From the door of an orphanage to the house of the king. No longer an outcast. A new song I see from rags. come to rich in riches from the weak to the strong. Well, I'm not worthy at all to be here, but praise God, I belong. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain. Cleansed by his blood, joined with Jesus as we travel this song. Oh, I'm a part of the family, the family of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so glad to be a part of this wonderful family. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. God blessed me with a wonderful family and I'm so thankful for it. My original family, my parents, my siblings, and God gave my wife and another family. Now God's given me another family and he's given you my family. And just so thankful to be a part of the family of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think it sums it all up to that line that says, "I'm not worthy." No, I'm not worthy, but praise God, I belong here. Amen. Doesn't that sum that's just sounds so perfect? Praise the Lord. People say, "How can you be arrog?" It's not arrogance. Amen. Cuz I I in my self, I know I'm not worthy to be here. So, it's not arrogance. But praise God, I belong here because he told me I belong here. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Amen. Praise the Lord God. Glad to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Glad to see the saints of God here. Amen. The Lord richly bless you. We have a few prayer requests to bring to your attention. Want to remember Sister Sheilia today. Uh not with us. She's excuse me supposed to be on her way back uh from her trip up to Prescott with her sister in California and back. Uh so please remember her in prayer. She's coming back this afternoon. That was the last plan I heard from her. So, I'm assuming those plans are still the same. So, please remember her in prayer. Uh, also got a text from Sister Sharas her and the children were not feeling well this morning. Uh, so please remember them in prayer. Brother Danny said he is getting ready to come to church with with brother Dennis and uh developed some stomach problems. So, uh he stayed at home said he was going to be streaming. Trust you are. God bless you, brother. just pray that the Lord touch your stomach and um give you healing this morning. Amen. Uh I have want to continue to remember u sister Lydia in prayer, Pats in prayer. Um I believe as far as I now know, um as of last week, Sister Anna and brother Steve were are planning to make this their church home. So u but they're still living in the mountains. So, I think they're coming back and forth. So, we'll see. Um, probably maybe a little sporadic till maybe they're leaving here. But anyway, please remember them in prayer. Uh, got a text from Sister Matise that said that uh she's um getting herself ready for a big change in her life. Uh, and she's going to be out witnessing to street people uh with Dominique who now wants to be called Andrew. So, uh, please remember her. Um, the I I I am always thankful for someone who has a heart for other people and who wants to get to try to talk to other people about Jesus. Amen. So, uh, praise the Lord. So, just pray the Lord would just be with her and help her in that situation, keep her safe, uh, because street people can be unforgiving uh, sometimes. But if the Lord has ordained her to do this, if the Lord has called her, which she believes he has her to do this, and I believe God will help her and protect her and keep her. Uh so please remember that in prayer. Amen. That the Lord be with her as well. I have not heard I'm assuming uh Captain Zach are on their way. I have not heard from them. If they're not coming, they tell me. So uh I'm assuming they're probably on the way. Sometimes when you got three little kitties, it's can be challenging to get everybody all together. And also, um maybe we'll be a little bit late, so please remember them in prayer. Micah text me uh just a few minutes ago and mentioned that um he was getting a lot of in your left ear, right? A lot of buildup in his left ear. Uh and it it almost wax build up, I should say, closed off. Um, and uh, he's just praying. He believes it. He's gotten to where it's he thinks it's worse because it's kind of muffled now. Uh, but he said he could go to the doctor and get it cleaned out, but he said God's cleaned it out before, so he's going to believe God's going to clean it out again. Amen. So, that speaks for itself. Amen. So, we're going to bind in faith with him and believe that the Lord's just going to clean that out. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, remember that. Anyone else have a request on your heart today? Amen. Just the envelope so far. Sister, I'm so sorry. I forgot it written down, but my um follow up to neurologist. So, we'll discuss the results of all of the EEG and praying that everything is normal so that I can get my back. Amen. Lord, let's remember that prayer, please. Amen. This system Uh sometimes I think the medical system grinds more slowly than the judicial system which seems to take forever to get anything done. Uh thank God s God's had sister Julie in a position to where she's been able to maintain herself with a place to live and a vehicle but she can't drive it. It's paid for. Uh or she'd be on the street. I mean these people have taken so long to get a driver's license. uh what's a person supposed to do? Uh but please remember her in prayer. Thursday the everything's going to be fine. Perfect. Get a license back and all will be well. Amen. Anyone else? Please have an unspoken. Lord knows our heart. Let's all stand for good Jesus. a little settled. We'll have Dennis take these needs to the Lord for us this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Gracious heavenly father, it's a privilege once again to be in your house of prayer, your house of worship, your house to hear your revealed word that you have sent through a prophet to get a bride ready for a rapture. We can remember in your word as Janus and Jambas withtood Moses, so are they of reprobate might concerning the faith. And Lord, we are really put to the test in this late hour, Lord, to see that so much has come up that is fighting your revealed word. Lord, help us to have the mind of Christ. Yes, Lord. You said in your word, we must have the mind of Christ who was in the form of God, thought it not equal to be with God. And Lord, that's your word. And Lord, let us meditate on you. Let us think of of you. Let us be in the spirit of prayer. Lord Jesus, let us with all that's in our heart to stay with your word. Lord, you are greater than anything that devil can throw at us. Greater he is in us than he is in the world. Amen. When Satan comes like a flood, you'll raise a standard. Oh father, every redemptive blessing that you have put in your word is for us believers. Hallelujah. And by faith we must claim it. Amen. Lord, it's like the prophet said, if you're sick, claim it. Lord, let us let it be a reality in our hearts that we have been healed. We are more than conquerors in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, Father, there are some that are sick this morning that need a touch from you. My brother with a stomach problem and and sister Shereiah and the children that are sick this morning and everyone else that they need to touch and maybe they're hearing the message on on the streaming. Father, may you touch him. You are God limited by barriers and by structures. As we pray, we call thee on the saint to minister to each and everyone. For thou are a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. And by your stripes we are healed. We claim it, Father. We come to those living waters, that fountain that shall never run dry. Let us drink to an overflowing portion. Let us not walk uh in a place where oh I can only get so much from God. Oh, I can only bother God so much. Oh, Father, you want us to call on your name. You want us to stand on your word. Oh, whatever it takes. Oh Lord, there's so many signs that is displaying that you're coming as soon as your prophet said, it's your grace that you warn of people. Hallelujah. judgment. Amen. Father, we know that Noah was faithful for 120 years and he preached your word and they mocked him and they laughed at him. There's no rain from the skies. How can that be without We get our water from the dew that comes up from the earth in the morning. And father, your word was fulfilled. There are mockers that are against your word this day. Even followers of this message, Father, that think that we have a lot of time. Oh, every day we have to walk in your spirit. We have to be led of your word. Amen. Lord, everyone else that raised their hand that need a touch from you. Oh, we just believe that their cup will runth over that your blessings will flow. And father, bless our brother as he labors faithfully to bring your word. The best part and the most important part is for our hearts to be humble and softened to receive your word this morning. In your name we pray. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. So thankful to see everyone. Glad to have brother Zach back. Glad he's feeling better. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thankful to have him back with us. Amen. So thankful that your prayers this last week went really well. Uh flights were good. Lord blessed the week. So I'm thankful that the Lord keep us healthy and strong. Amen. I'm so thankful. I think my knees are almost 100% now. They're just just every once in a while I feel like I knew there was something there, but they're just u I'll probably still wear braces on them as I work, but one one brace during the day had fell down at my shin and I didn't even know it. It wasn't even on my knee anymore. And I was just working away and I and it was kind of chilly in Minnesota this week. So, I started feeling it cool because it sweats when I work and and it started feeling cool and I what is my what's wrong and things down on my sh I don't even know it's uh wasn't even protecting my knee but uh they're doing so much better and I'm so thankful to God for that. Amen. uh also was able to uh attend a wonderful I was so blessed and so honored to attend a wonderful ceremony yesterday when our precious brother little Tom call him little I guess they still call him little even though he's up here now uh got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So such a blessing to see that. Amen. So thankful to be a part of it. So glad to be invited for that. Amen. That was such a blessing. Amen. enjoyed that very much. Unfortunately, they had to go back home today. He's got school tomorrow. So, please remember them in prayer if you would. Uh, also an announcement uh before we uh go to this next song. Micah was able to get by request I think Sister Pat uh to actually have captioning on our services. Now, uh I the way I talk, I'm very surprised that caption can actually caption me, but I guess said it's working really well. So, if it's working really well, I guess I'm maybe not as bad at my annunciation as I think I am. Uh, so it's working really well. So, the streaming and I guess the arc is no man the archiving too the capt. So, the caption is going to be on the services from now on. So, since it's working real well and it's doing good and hopefully it's a blessing if anyone needs that. Uh, so I just want to let everybody know that's a part of uh our streaming. Amen. So, I'm thankful that Michael was able to work that out for Sister Pat and it works good. So, I'm thankful for that. So, amen. Praise the Lord. He's good to us, isn't he? Amen. Psalm number 151. We'll sing this before we uh change the order of the service. Psalm number 151. We all know it very well. I am one of them. Praise the Lord. So thankful. So glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Praise the Lord. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all the flame. With the fire that fell at Pentecost, which plans have made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I want to live. Though these people may not learn to be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is just the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, and I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. They were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. how what he did for them in that day, he'll do for us the same. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm nothing. Come, my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad, saints? You can say that you're one of them. Praise the Lord. You belong to the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Part of that family in that number. One of the few. I'm a part of that wonderful, blessed family of God. Hallelujah. Amen. So thankful that God put us in that family. I may not be worthy of it, but he's made us worthy. Yes. Praise the Lord. And if he's made us worthy and then saints, we belong there. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful to that. Praise the Lord God. Amen. Does anyone else have a testimony on your heart you'd like to give today? Yes, Sister Norman. I want to The Lord prays. I have not been in any lung in two months. Wonderful. Um I start thinking about sister how the Lord heal her. She didn't feel like well when I was in the hospital two weeks years ago I had a supernatural Lord and I just didn't realize it was happening. That day the Lord healed me. Why am I taking this stuff? Amen. I am healed by the blood of the lamb. Amen. God all glory and praise. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Wonderful. God is so good. Amen. Praise the Lord. He is our healer. Amen. He is our healer. We cannot sell that short. He's still the healer. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I'm so thankful. Anybody else? Yeah, I have a testimony that came my way. I wasn't looking for it after service uh this past Sunday. Uh there was a an app that was uh displaying how many earthquakes was happening Sunday. It was all over the world from Papa New Guinea, New Zealand, uh, America, uh, Africa. It was just, it was so sobering that it became overwhelming. Yes. And I I couldn't almost fathom all this at one time and now there's eruptions in Japan. There's eruptions of volcanoes all over the world. They say 45 volcanoes right now are are have erupted or some are going to erupt and and right now it's it's so sobering. Then I realized the majority of the world cannot embrace what is really taking place. It's for us believers. Yeah. And uh just to further verify all these earthquakes, I went to the US uh geological system and sure enough, they were reporting them as well. So I I just believe u people that it's time that we're going home soon. Amen. Because remember, the world can't see this. The Christian world cannot see it. Yes. Amen. But by God's grace, we know we know exactly what's going on. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yeah, that thing you s me. What's going on under our feet? Yes. Amen. It's a good way to put it. Yes. Praise the Lord. People hold it like it's steady be here. I even had the guys at the job joke about we were in California. California sinking and I looked I because I was a little amazed. I'm like absolutely yeah people don't realize it but yeah it's going to slide into the ocean. They all agree. But then of course they come up and say, "Well, they gonna be thousands of years from now or I said I wouldn't bet on that, guys. Yes, I wouldn't I wouldn't bet on it being that far away." But that's what humanity always does. They think they said, "Well, this is going to happen, but it's going to be millions of years or thousands of years or it's going to be, you know, so far down the road, we don't even think about it or worry about it, but it's shaking." Amen. It's prophesied and it's shaking, saying, "Amen. We are we are here." Praise the Lord. we make the most of every moment the Lord has gi us while we're here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand to our feet if we could. We're going to go ahead and change the order of service. You turn over with me to Acts chapter 2. We'll finish up this last part. It'll be part three of the bride adoption part 11. The bride part three. Um it should be the last part. Amen. And so we will go back over to Acts chapter 2 uh and begin reading with verse one here again and try to as I said we'll finish this today here Lord willing. Amen. Praise the Lord. Acts chapter 2 and verse one. Before we read it, could we just bow our heads for another word of prayer? Lord Jesus, very thankful again, Lord, of all that you do for us, Lord. You are so good to us. Uh how many times, how many ways could we express our gratitude, our thanks, our feelings, Lord, of gratitude of what we feel towards what you've done for us, what you're doing for us, Lord. God, uh, Brother Brandham said so many times, we look back at what you've done for us, Lord, and we look forward to the things that you're going to do and completely miss what you're doing for us right now. But Lord, help our eyes to be open. Yes, Lord. Lord, give us anoint us with that to recognize and realize what's happening right now for for your bride, for us in this day. recognizing that uh this group Lord this family these people God that are international are uh beginning to wake up and recognize realize what's going on what's happening yes uh the things is happening around us and Lord doctors and scientists and uh so many uh acknowledgments around the world of of very brilliant smart men, women, people God finding out these things that maybe you wouldn't have known in a later time. But God, we're living in that space age. We're living in that time where information is uh is prevalent and uh instant around the world. And to see what's happening, Lord, and to know God, it is very sobering. It's very uh a shaking to realize, God, the hour of the day that we live. But knowing, God, that this time is be. We knowing that that time prophesied to be God is here. Yes, Lord. We're not looking for it down the road. We know that it's happening right now. Yes. Whether it's in its infinite stage or it's just beginning or we're in the middle of it. Whatever it is, God, we know that it's here. We believe, God, and we just stand true to your word. Continue to live that good, humble, simple Christian life and dedicate ourselves and consecrate ourselves into your hands and expect, Lord, that you to speak to us and to minister to us and draw us closer to you, Lord. In our lives, we become more like you. Our lives are to be reflections of yours. Our ways are to mimic your ways, God. Our thoughts are to be your thoughts, God, in this day, Lord, as you've given us the your own mind, the mind of Christ, to be in us in this last day, to continue to walk this path and to live this life and to be those written epistles read of all men. Yes. Bless us, Lord. We commit ourselves to you. Pray that your Holy Spirit would take complete control of the remaining part of this service. Lord, speak through these lips, Lord. Anoint our ears to receive. That it be and accomplish that that you send it forth for whatever your purpose and reason is for it. We're all here today, God, or we're watching, Lord, to uh to to declare that we are yours and expect you, God, to do what you said you would do in your word. We receive it now, Father, and pray, God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, it be so. And we dedicate this self and ourselves and this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Uh, Acts chapter 2, begin with verse one again. Uh, once again, and when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind and fil all the house where they were sitting. There appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire, and it sat upon each of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the spirit gave them utterance. And there was and there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men out of every nation under heaven. Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together and were confounded because that every man heard them speak in his own language. You could be seated if you'd like. Amen. We see it again reading the birth of the church. Amen. the birth of the church taking here on the day of uh happening and taking place here on the day of Pentecost when God came on his people, the 120 was in the upper room and baptized them and filled them with his spirit which began the movement that we know now is in its final stages. Uh began the movement here. We can read history. We can read the beginning of what we recognize now to be the finalization of what we're going through in life now spiritually in this world with us as a part of that group as a part of that bride finishing up what was started here. Amen. Finishing it up the same way it was started in a uh but in a mature way. Amen. in a in a maturity where the bride has to got to the place that she knows what God wants done with his word. Amen. She knows what to speak and not to speak. She knows where to stand and she knows where to be. She knows what the Holy Spirit is leading her to do. Amen. And she knows what this age means and where we're at in this age. Amen. Amen. Thus the bride in this part three that we are that we are that we've gone through and recognize through history which we just touch on briefly again through the history and recognize where God has brought this bride from through and to Amen. Romans chapter 1. Uh there's one verse of scripture I want to read here. Romans chapter 1 verse1 17. Romans 1:17 was the scripture that started this reformation. The scripture that started the beginning of this ball rolling to bring it through the stages that this bride went through when she went through justification. then went into sanctification which came into the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the person of Christ himself living in the individual. Amen. As you recognize the as we call the fullness of the word of fulfillment of the word. Amen. Uh Romans 1:17 says, "For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith as it is written." Amen. As we know it was already written. Amen. Habach. Amen. has written that the just the just shall live by faith. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh Martin Luther put an exclamation at the end of that uh that's not scriptural, but I'll go with him on his exclamation. The just shall live by faith alone. Amen. That was his justification. That was his message of justification. Praise the Lord. And at that time that life that sparked that life again remember the blade that came out of the ground as that blade came into the ground and life began to show itself again. Life. Praise the Lord. Life was in the blade. Amen. Life was in this man. He was still a Catholic. Still still in the Catholic church. Still a priest in the Catholic had influence over uh o over the Catholic people. He was still there. But when God revealed this to him, praise the Lord. God chooses the vessel that he wants. God chose this man to recognize and reveal to him that the just shall live by faith which started that movement of justification. A amen. And the bride came through the life that life of the bride from where we just read in Acts through to this time came through those church ages. The life of God is the stream. I thought about drawing it, but I'm not a very good artist. drawing that light that came right through every church age. Amen. The life of God went through every church age. Amen. And it brought life. That's why there was light in some of in in all of those circles. There was light. There was some light in all the circles. Some more than others, but there was always light. That light was the life that went through every church age. It was the life of God. Amen. And that life went through each church age. And as that light went through each church age, which represented the Holy Ghost, went through each church age, it picked out everyone that was obviously of course in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Those people come to the place of maturity in themselves when the Holy Spirit came through and picked that person out to believe and receive the truth for their day. Whatever it was. Amen. If it was St. Barton, if it was Martin Luther, if it was justification or Wesley, whichever age it was in, there was a life, there was light, amen, that shone upon every one of them. Brother Brandham talks about uh a manufacturing, I believe it was, company that he had went to. And at the end of the day, uh they it was a metal fabrication and and all and and cutting and making stuff and shavings everywhere, metal all over the floor and everywhere. and said at the end of the day they'd send a big magnet through the middle of this factory. Amen. And this big magnet would go through the middle of this factory and it would pull up all the loose things, all the loose shavings and all the loose uh stuff that had been uh shaved off. The iron had been molded, mated, made, shaved, went up to this magnet would stick to this magnet so it clean all the metal off the floor. All the metal was then off the floor. Well, that great Holy Spirit magnet went through every age. Yes, it went through every church age. And as it went through that church age, it would bring the believer to itself. It would it would bring that Holy Ghost magnet would go through the church age. And as it went through that age, it would bring life. Amen. Amen. And and it might it might go to a group of 10,000 people and there's one person, right? But that magnet would find that one person and draw him to himself. Amen. Praise the Lord. If I be lifted up, I'll do what? Draw all men to me. Amen. All those that that are his. Yes. He might go through. I remember a time brother Random said they went to uh several days of meetings. I believe it was in Chicago if I could remember right. went to seven days of several days of meetings and he preached and he preached the next night. They had service the next night. It was the third or fourth night. I forget which it was. Brother Brandon went back to his the the the organizers and said, "The one person God sent me for here came in tonight. We can call we can close it down." The one person I believe was Chicago. out of all those meetings, out of all those people, he said, "The one person God sent me for here for came in tonight. We can we can leave." I don't think they did. They They're like, "Well, Brother Random, we already had these services set up and people are coming, blah, blah, blah." I think they said, but he said the one one person, praise the Lord, Brother Ram talked about one person being in Tucson, one person being in uh uh California, one person being here, one person there. I believe it's going to be more than that. But you know, he said it'd be one in a million, right? But what what when we think about the life of God when it goes through, I think about all the people I've known in my life. I think about the friends I have when I was a kid. I think about the people I've known in my jobs. I think about uh all the acquaintances, the people I've met through my life. And I think, who who am I that God would have chose me? Who am I that when that magnet came over, all the people that I've ever known, all the people I've ever worked with, all the my friends I had, I don't know any of them that's followed the Lord. I don't know my my good friends growing up, I don't know of any of them that followed the Lord. And there might be Christians as they call themselves. Amen. But I don't know any of them. And I think why me at all these people at all these ones I've met and that at when that magnet come across and that life dropped down it hit me and and and and I saw it and I believed it because it was for me. There was something inside cried out to it. Amen. We went to Tommy's baptism yesterday and brother Chuck King was there and um eats his food just like Micah does. One thing at a time. I sat there and watched him. He ate all of his broccoli. Then he ate all of this. He said, and he said, and he said, "Yeah, but I saved the steak for last." Amen. I know Micah does the same thing. Only eat one item at a time. All of it. All not just one at a time. All of one thing and all of the next. Anyway, he was there and we was talking about um his uh enlightenment, his time of becoming a Christian, seeing the truth, and he had gone out in the world and stuff. And I hope he doesn't mind me repeating this. I'm sure he probably doesn't, but um he was had gone out in the world as a young man and uh uh his relatives. I think it was his uncle maybe. I please forgive me if I may have gotten the details wrong, but part of his family was serving the Lord, listening to the message. They didn't have a church. It was in Calgary, didn't have a church in Calgary at the time, so they stayed at home and listened to tapes. And he had gotten his life to the place to where Sunday meant nothing. And like most people, most people Sunday is just another day. You come to church, you go out and you you're headed to church and you just see people doing all kinds of stuff. They It's just another day to them. Uh I talked to the guys on the job. Uh and and and I tell them, you know, I fly home on Saturday, then I go back to work on Sunday cuz I have church. I minister. I preach. Um, brother Bam said 45 minutes anointed preaching is as bad as the 8 hour of hard labor day, right? And so, uh, so they don't recognize it's just another day to them. They go do stuff or whatever. Sunday means nothing. It's it's just another day. And it got into Brother Chuck. He said it just it just was another day. He didn't even think about it. So he thought, well, you know what? Then of course he knows now what it was. And of course, as he tells the story, I understand the Lord put it on his heart to go see this uncle and and his wife. And he didn't even think anything about it. He said, "Well, I haven't seen him in a long time. I'll just go see him." Well, it happened to be a Sunday. He didn't realize it was Sunday. To him, again, it was just another day. He's just going to go see him. He goes in and at 10:00 or 10:30 in the morning, I think I asked you, the Lord setting you up. He goes to the house. Nobody he doesn't hear anything. His is He's looking. He finally knocks on the door and he stands there and finally his uncle, I believe it was, come to the door and he could hear the tape play. They were listening to a tape because they they didn't have church. I was listening to a tape and he said, "Oh, I didn't mean to bother." And he said, "Oh, no. Come on in. Come on in." And he started listening to that voice again. and and you know like I do and and I and I'm not making Brother Brandham God, but when that voice speaks, when God speaks to you, it's just something that uh and and I know I've told you when I was a kid, I would lay I would crawl up in my parents' bed and just push a tape that they had the the tape in the tape player. I just push the tape and just lay there and listen to Brother Brandon as a little kid, right? I don't know why. I just did it. It just there's just something about it. And when it's in you, when that magnet goes across, see, anything that wasn't magnetized to the magnet stayed on the floor. Wood shavings would not come up to the magnet. Right. Anything that was tied down to the world or to the floor was tied down, didn't go up to the magnet. Amen. Anything that was nonmagnetized. It didn't aluminum wouldn't go up to the magnet. But when it strikes that it's magnetized, it goes up to the magnet. It speaks to those that have already in them the material to receive what's being done, what's being said. Right? Amen. And the material that was in the shavings that would receive the magnet, the the shavings went up to the magnet. Everything else just laid on the floor. It didn't do anything to wood shavings or anything else because there was nothing in it to receive the magnet. There was nothing in it that it that it witnessed to. And God can pass over multitudes of people, saints, and it means nothing to them. But when it passed over you, it spoke to you. It was something that ministered to your heart. It was something that you identified with because it was already in you to be identified by. So when it came over, it's like the things I remember my dad said uh when when my sister came and first introduced brother Bam, he told her, he said, "You I taught you better than to follow man." She said, "Daddy, we don't follow man. Just come and see." Best three words I know of. Just come and see. We went to church finally. And my dad said, "This is what I've been looking for my whole life." Amen. There it is. Praise the Lord. That magnet came over and what was in there responded. The deep call to the deep. It responded to the magnet. Praise God. And it spoke to him. And that magnet has gone through every church age. So many times I think message people get the feeling like we're like the only bride. We are not. Amen. We are not. Down through the ages that light came through. That magnet came through. the Holy Spirit came through each age. Now, we've already recognized and saw through scripture and uh through the quotes that the the Holy Spirit wasn't able to operate as much during those dark ages because there were it was bound at the door of those creeds and domas. It didn't have a way to move. But when that light came on this man called Martin Luther and it spoke to him, it was like something was there to respond to it. There was something already in Martin Luther to respond to that. So when he saw it, it struck him such a way that he completely defied the thing, the place, the organization. He had dedicated his entire life to the Catholic Church. He defied it by saying this is what the scripture says. The just shall live by faith. And of course he said alone, "The just shall live by faith." what you so it started making him hate the indulgences and the how how bad the people had gotten. They were just they just live any kind of life, right? And they would just write off said, "It's okay. You're fine. Don't worry about it. We'll pray you out of purgatory or come and do your indulgences or pay me enough money you can go go get drunk at the bar. Just make sure you come and pay no. Garnering the wealth of the world. Of course, um, Revelation 6. Amen. Weighing it out. Amen. Trying to take in the wealth of the world. But this man received that light. Amen. And as that light came across, a springrig came up and that that there was life in that blade. But then when when that age began to wne away and a new age begin to come in, the light moved on. Now it's the same light, that same light, that same light, that same Holy Ghost. Amen. It came through the blade. The blade was nice. But then another one came out as it as it phased into the next section. That stalk came forth. Had the same life. It had had more light on it. Amen. Amen. Because sanctification has more light to it than justification, right? But you have to have the justification to get you to sanctification, right? And they had it had to have the blade before the stalk could come forth. But as the stalk came forth, the life went and moved on into the stalk. Amen. Into sanctification. Well, as the tossel came out and the sh be to show itself and the restoration of the gifts and the baptism of the Holy Ghost, then came forth another life, but it was still the same Holy Ghost the whole time. Amen. Another another Holy Ghost. There's not a dozen Holy Ghost. There's one, right? And as that same spirit went through, it went through picking and finding who there was. What happened to the rest of them? They died out. How did they die out? They took that message and they denominated around it and they called themselves Lutheran and they denominated around it. Amen. And as soon as they denominated it, it died. But it didn't matter because the life had already moved on. Same light. Amen. It was there for a purpose. Same light. But as it denominated, it died. But it didn't matter because the life had already moved on. And as the next one came along, God took out by the Holy Spirit those that were his. Amen. What was left? They denominated. I believe they called themselves Methodists, right? Sanctification. They called themselves Methodist. And And those back in that day, Amen. My my wife's family were Methodists. But back in that day, those were holiness people. Methodists were holiness people. They believed in sanctification. They believed in in living right and dressing right. The women had dresses, long hair. They were they were they were godly men and women. But as they denominated it, how did they denominate? By hybriding it with man's word, right? As it hybrided and denominated, it died. Right? But it didn't matter because the life had already moved on. God took out of that life. He took bride. Remember this is the subtopic. The bride. He took bride out of that age and that that was left denominated and died. Amen. Amen. But again, it didn't matter because God had taken his bride out of that age and the life had moved on. When the life moved on, it went into the tsel. Exact same thing happened. The spirit of God fell down on the people and the moving of the Holy Spirit and the restoration of the gifts Isuza Street and begin people began to uh speak in tongues and uh exercise the gifts of the spirit because the spirit was moving among them. Amen. Amen. But it was the same life didn't matter because gifts and callings over without repentance. But the life uh the light of the life, the Holy Spirit continued to move through and pull out those people. Amen. And what did he do? He found a William Brandham that had the light that you looked at Martin Luther or John Wesley that came into this prophet for this last day. No longer a reformer. Brother Brandham, brother William Brandham was not a reformer. He was a prophet. Amen. He was a word prophet. Yes. A vindicated word prophet. And when that light came into that day, you can say even at his birth, the light came in through the shutter into the room and stood over the bed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because it was something different. A man that was to come forth to bring forth a message to a people. Now, what happened to the rest of Pentecost? God's pulling pulled out and is still pulling out. I believe it may be one here and one there. Uh if that because it's it we we're brother said 60 years ago, we're now in the gleaning stage, right? And gleaning is just going through after the harvest and picking out one here and one over here. And you you're gleaning, you're just picking up one here and there. That's all gleaning is. That was 60 years ago. So what what are we at now? I know in God's time 60 years isn't a long time. We look here on this earth and think 60 years. That's been a that's been quite a quite a few years. And if it was gleaning then what is it doing now? Right? If there's one here or there, but God's still picking them out. So what happened to the rest? They denominated themselves to call themselves Pentecostal. And then of course you had offshoots of Pentecost like the what we call charismatics and uh the the evidence of the Holy Ghost speaking in tongues and things and you had all these little offshoots but the same spirit. Amen. Same spirit. Same spirit. This message brother Am said this message will not denominate because there won't be another age. Amen. There's no dying off. But what it did is that spirit of denomination came in among the people. Right? And the people have denominated themselves by a denominational spirit. Amen. The word did not denominate because we're in the purity of the of the mature word for this day because it's bringing the bride to that place of maturity. So it cannot denominate. But the spirit of denomination has come into this message to do the exact same thing. So what happened to Pentecost? Amen. What happened to the shuck? Well, when the wheat come forth and reached to its place of maturity, the shook had to die off. You think the the bride has come to its place of maturity? I guarantee it has. Brother Bram said it has. And he's been gone 60 years. He said that 60 plus years ago, right? So, if it had then, what is it now? Right. Amen. That the shuck had to pull away. What happens to the shuck? Well, the the the the blade is dead. The life left it. It went into went kept going on into the stalk. What happened to the stalk? Stalk died. Says the life left it went on into the toss. What happened to the tossel? Then the shuck when the light the actual grain light that it was to protect came to maturity and came forth out the shuck pulled away and died and blown away. So what happens now? The seed gets taken to the garment. The rest of it gets burned. Amen. Because it died. Denomination. It just died. Look what brother Ram said here. Uh, I read part of this last week. I didn't get to finish it though because I was unfortunately I was feeling rushed for some reason. I don't like that feeling. Amen. But and and it is kind of a lengthy quote, but it is from God and mystery of God revealed. Christ and mystery of God revealed. Amen. Now, the big fancy intellectual denominations are doing the very same thing. Gathering themselves together to do the same thing. See, they are gathering and denominating themselves, each one trying to beat the other one. Now, notice that was the first thing that caused this in the beginning. Let's just read that first. Let me come back to that quote. Let's go over to Revelation and read chapter two. Uh starting with chapter 2, we'll get into the fourth church age and the proclamation. Now, remember, uh the first church left its first love and so forth. uh the next church became bitter because after you lose your love you become bitter. I if if you if you if you lose your affection for something all that's left there is hatred bitterness. So the first one left is love. Second one became bitter. Third one actually denominated. Amen. The 320 AD the Pergamist churches went 320 AD and when Nia Rome they formed the Catholic church in 320 AD. Now, but look when we go to the next church age and the and the introduction of the dark ages and what what God explains to them in chapter 2, Revelation 2:21, God said, "Now, and I gave her space to repent of her fornication, and she repented not." Now, who does she fornicate with? Who did this church fornicate with? Because notice the bride come out and the church died out. Amen. Spiritually, you still have Lutheran churches. You still have Methodist churches. You still have Pentecostal churches. You still have But the spirit the you might as well write about over the door because God's not there anymore, right? The spirit's gone. So if the spirit's gone, it's dead. Amen. I gave her space to repent for uh repent of her fornication and she repented not. Uh, we'll get into that in just a second. Again, behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. Amen. Denomination. Look, this fits perfect. Revelation 17, by the way. And I will kill her children. Now, this woman has children. What are those children? Those are the denominations, the offshoots that came off the Catholic Church. Catholic church formed in Pergamus 3:20. Now in thyara, the next one, the dying out of the church ages. Amen. The church age dark ages uh uh taking control. And as you got that now, you had denominations that's becoming more and more prevalent, right? And the Catholic Church is that church that's the that that is the head. She's she's the the the the woman sitting on the hill. Amen. Sitting on the scarlet colored beast, but she has children because she's fornicated. Amen. She's fornicated, committ adultery, and she's had children. Well, these children are going to be illegitimate, right? Because they came from an illegitimate relationship. And what happens? I will kill her children. Those children are just those denominations that come out from her, right? Amen. Oh, they might call themselves Lutheran. They might call themselves Methodists. They might call themselves Pentecostals, but they just came out of the same spirit. Same spirit. Amen. Might have been denominated off of what Luther preached or what Wesley preached or what happened in the Zuza street, but it's the same spirit. Denomination spirit. They might call themselves message people, but it's the same spirit, right? Amen. And that spirit will kill you. But what did Jesus say now? I will kill her children, the same ones that come out of Mahore with death, and all the churches shall know that I am he which searches the reigns and hearts. And I will give unto every one of you according to your works. I see we know Revelation 17, Babylon, Revelation. And there came one of the seven angels which said which had the seven vows talked with me, saying unto me, come hither, I will show unto thee the judgment of the great that setth upon many waters. It's the same woman. Amen. It's the same woman we just talked about. To whom with whom the kings of the earth have committed what? Fornication. Praise the Lord. And the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. They're intoxicated. Her her beauty, her splendor have intoxicated these people. Amen. They still do. It still does. and talk to even with everything that's gone on and and and and all the horrible things that's happened through the name of the church, the Catholic church priests and and all and molestation and all the horrible things. They're still the people that look and they're still drunk. Even after all that, they're still drunken with that stimulation, with that wine. What is it? It's an impersonation of the Holy Ghost. It's a replacement of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. It's funny. last last not this past week but the week before when we were off our manager went to uh a a class or a place we're buying some new equipment and they're having a meeting and talking about all this stuff and and he was saying telling us last week that the that where they had the meeting was in an old seminary and uh he looked at me specifically I was Okay. He said, "And they and they had uh all kinds of alcohol." I said, "Oh, so it's still a seminary." I'm sure they got what I was saying, but Oh, it's still a seminary. Still liquored up, still still drunk. Amen. This is a spiritual drunkness, but it's an imperson. It's the devil impersonating the Holy Gh the Holy Ghost with his artificial stimulant of fornication. See, people think that that that that's the way to live. Amen. The temporary uh satisfaction, but it's not. The only the only true stimulation that that will sustain you is that that the Holy Ghost gives. Amen. That's the only stimula of the wine of the of Holy Spirit. The stimulation that comes off of uh off of the Holy Spirit. They impersonate the devil's impersonating. So he carried me away in the spirit of the wilderness. And I saw a woman set upon a scarlet colored beast full of seven uh full of seh names of blasphemy. Names plural not just Catholic but names many names. Amen. of blasphemous names as brother Random called them, names of blasphemy, having seven heads, 10 horns, and the woman was arrayed on uh in purple and scarlet color decked with gold and precious stones, pearls, having a golden cup in her hand, full of the abominations and filthiness of her fornication. And upon her forehead was the name written, Mystery, Mystery, Babylon the Great, the mother. Amen. Now, the other didn't proclaim her as mother, but it did say that her children would be killed, right? I will kill her children. Well, if she has children, that means she's a mother, right? Well, here the proclamation on the forehead, the the of this church, this organization is mystery. Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. Praise the Lord. Same church, same organization, the same ones that that Luther came out of and those bride in those day in that day believed that word and that magnet pulled them out. The Holy Spirit, the rest stood there, stayed there, denominated it. They are gathering now back to this quote. They are gathering and denominating themselves. Each one trying to beat the other one. And now they got so much splendor they don't know what to do to but to unite with the Catholic church. You've seen this churches all over the country. Big huge church. I I took a picture of this church that was in Minneapolis. Uh and it it struck me. It wasn't a huge church, but it was a church that had the the top of the church was a perfect pyramid windows around it. I thought, "Wow, that that could be a message church." Wink wink. Um, wasn't it was a it was a Presbyterian Church of the Way was what the name of it was called. Presbyterian Church of the Way. Uh, but but we did go to another one. This church actually uh Doug lives here in town on our team. He sought I mean you you could have taken the super Walmart uh that it was that big. Uh that that one church I don't know what they call it. Uh actually their church is the old Houston Astradome. That church takes the whole stadium up. so much splendor that they don't know what to do but to unite with the Catholic Church. See Lucifer again building a bigger kingdom to push out people that don't believe in denominations and even take their church buildings like this little humble place we have take these buildings and make them storooms and the pastors of such has no rights at all and the man that is God- sent man would never stand a denomination after hearing or seeing that if he's had enough to go through to look at it I don't say that critically I say that truthfully Notice in this last days, Lucifer is doing Lucifer is doing the same thing. He says, "Can you see it?" The devil doing the same thing. Building up a hybrid church, a hybrid by hybrid members. Hybrid hybrid. Amen. Which brings denomination. H. Anything that's hybrid is dead. Cannot reproduce. Right? Hybrid. Hybrid. But what? Look. hybrid uh by knowledge instead of the word. They hybrid by man's knowledge, not the word. They take the word and hybrid off of it with man's knowledge. By the intellectual men instead of bornagain men building an intellectual kingdom that will outshine Christ's little bitty flock. What is it that did that? Fallen angels. Fallen angels. We talked about this last week. The Bible said it was fallen angels who listened to Lucifer instead of Christ. Revelation 12. Who who they once belonged to. Is that right? Now listen close. Fallen angels. What kind of angels? Luther, Wesley, Pentecostals, right? Lutheran, Methodists, Pentecostal. You can go down the line. What happens to them? We just read in revelation that they will be killed. Amen. Not a physical killing but spiritually. Again, Kabad written over the door. The spirit has departed from this place. That's what they have to look forward to. Luther Wesley Pentecost who kept not their first estate like the angels did. Why? Because the magnet came through and pulled up all that was his. All that was his came out of that. All that was left was denominated. And as fell into denomination like Lucifer's main hold at NASA 320 AD. And what did they do? Organized a great ecumenical association of ministers to make an image unto the beast. The ecumenical council is the image unto the beast. We know who the image is. Who the beast is? Yes. We know what the office is of the beast. Like we've said before, I don't believe the man that calls himself Pope Francis now is the beast. But that office that he uh that he is in is the office of the beast. And anyone that's in that office fulfills that place. Amen. Amen. So he himself might not be, but that office is that he's that he is fulfilling. What does that make him? Well, that makes him the same thing it makes us on the other side. We're fulfilling the purpose God put us here for. What does that make us? Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, if he's fulfilling that purpose, what does that make him? See that beast that that woman is writing, that church, scarlet colored beast, ni organized ecumenical association ministers. Now they've got an image to the beast, an ecumenical council. As the Bible said, in building a Christian economy that'll close the doors of this church and others like it. I'm trying to bring you the three-fold revelation. God is the mystery. What did they do? Sold out to reasonings of wisdom and education like Eve did. Fallen angels did. Wesley was a man of God. But what followed him? Fallen angels, right? They denominated it. When they denominated it, it died. Amen. Fallen angels and organizations for men of God who's went forth to establish truths in the earth before the truth could go on and proclamate and get onto the real revelation of Christ. Fallen angels come in and took over the denominations and ma or excuse me took over and made denominations out of it. That's the reason, brother Bram said, that's the reason the revelation of the seven seal mystery had to be unfolded. Amen. The reason, what did it do? It exposed the enemy. Yes. Down to the church age. It exposed the enemy in every age. What he is, who he is, what his tactic is, where he's come from, where he's going to, every bit of it exposed him. Amen. And he's all been exposed today. the revelation, the seven seals that brought this into light. Amen. That that light now the life has gone on. The life went through the justification. The life went through the sanctification. The life went through the baptism of the Holy Ghost into the Holy Ghost or the person of Jesus Christ himself. Amen. Look at what brother Ram said here. Now notice here. The life that was in the husk, the stalk, the tsel, all gathers into the seed. The others were just carriers getting to the seed. And the life that was in the stalk went one went to make the other. Justification made a way for sanctification. Sanctification made a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is this real close now. Amen. You got justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost to what? Amen. Christ himself. Amen. Justification made a way for sanctification. Sanctification made a way for baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost made a way for the Holy Ghost itself to come down in you. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Imperfection. back to the word seed again to manifest itself again. Praise the Lord. The same life come in you. The through the baptism of the Holy Ghost came the Holy Ghost came the person of Christ himself to live in you. Praise the Lord. The three step just brought you to him. It's him is the one that makes the difference. Praise the Lord. Amen. Remember, a baptism is nothing but an immersion. Amen. I got immersed when I was in the Baptist church and father, son, holy ghost because that's the way they believe you are to be baptized. I was immersed in water. But was I baptized with the Holy Ghost? Was I filled with the Holy Ghost? I mean, I was only eight. So, but was I filled with the Holy Ghost? because I wasn't baptized. You're not you're not even baptized if you if they said titles over you. That's not even a baptism, right? You understand? That's the difference. When the life comes, a baptism is just an immersion. Praise the Lord. It's just a pouring over. But when the person of Christ comes in, then you've got that's a new birth. Amen. Amen. I'm sorry. And I I know this may sound controversial, but the baptism of the Holy Ghost is not the new birth. It makes it makes way. I've got the quote if you want to read it if anybody's watching. The masterpiece, the baptism of the Holy Ghost makes a way makes the way for the person of Christ to come live in you. Amen. Amen. That's the new birth. When Christ comes into you, that's the new birth. Praise the Lord. through Christ himself coming in you. Let me read this too before I move on. Now you can be justified without being sanctified. We've talked about this many times. You can be sanctified without having the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is the indwelling presence of Christ power in spirit form. Amen. Now we see that the natural types of spiritual. So the church, getting back to what we said a few minutes ago, the church, which I believe he means the bride, is in its complete maturity now. 1963, January 1963, I believe. So the church is in its complete maturity now. That's 62 years ago. Praise the Lord. If he said it then, where is the bride at now? Right? Where does she stand now? Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. We just come through. See, talk about the church ages at that point when he was coming through, which we've talked about. Is that spirit that life? Amen. It made way for the spirit himself. Now the bride has come to its complete state of maturity because God put in put into that n man that was born William Mary and Brandham to become the prophet of this age to bring this word and now this bride has this word that brings her into that pl that place of complete maturity. Amen. The magnet has come over, the Holy Spirit, and pulled his bride out of this church, out of this world. And he has brought her into a different age in this age, in this time of the last age, cuz remember that that's left goes on into apostasy. Amen. I've got the quote here. I don't know if I get running out of time if I'll get to the time to read it to you, but this this these ages the the ages the light goes up to God. That blackness of these ages goes off into predition, apostasy. The church ages keeps on going right right on into apostasy. But the bride goes up. Amen. Praise the Lord. But the bride through all these ages, she goes up because she's a part of him. Praise the Lord. Let me read this before I uh before I run out of time because I I want to finish this today. Re uh excuse me, Hebrews chapter 11. Amen. If anybody wants, if I don't get to read, if you want to see these, you let me know. I can I can get them to you. Brother Ram talks about the bride is a literal word seed. Bride. Amen. She becomes the lineup. Uh the the preview of the bride. Uh brother Bham saw that bride in preview when she come through the second time. He saw of course the church was dancing to a rock and roll with a hypocritical paper over which I consider hypocrite. Um, it's not white or black. If it's not white or black, it's hypocrite. That to me that's like Leodysia of lukewarm. When you're lukewarm, he spits you out of mouth. Lukewarm is not hot or cold. Amen. Black gray is not black or white. It's it's it's a mix. It's a hypocrite. Amen. And they're covering themselves, dancing to rock and roll. Don't have anything covering their backsides. But when the bride comes through and he sees she's a beautiful dress, long hair, beautiful bride coming through. Amen. She's stepping and marching to the step of that of the forgot what the song was. He said, if anybody remembers anyway, oh Christian soldiers or something like that marching. Amen. Perfectly in step, right, perfectly in line with that word until they got right to the end and a couple started getting out of step. Brother Ram come to himself screaming, "Get back in line. Get back in step." Right? Because a little bit there at the end, but she was so so perfect in line. Amen. Dressed and and when that message comes through, that that bride that's pulled out by that magnet, she lines right up with it. Amen. That bride lines right up with it. But now she's come to that place that's uh that that's come to a place of full maturity. Amen. But now let let's go over I had to go to uh Hebrews chapter 11. We always talk about especially the first uh I don't know uh 9 10 11 chap verses of chapter 11. Let's go to the end of re of Matthew chapter Matthew Hebrews chapter 11 start with verse 31 or 32. And what shall I more say? Gone through the heroes of faith. For the time would fail me to tell of Gideon, and of Bareric, and of Samson, and of Jethany, of David, also in Samuel, and of the prophets, who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword. out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens. Women received their dead, raised to life again, and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance, that they might obtain a better resurrection. And others had trials of cruel mockings and scorgings, yay, moreover, of bonds and imprisonments. Listen to this now. They were stoned. They were saw a sunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword. They wondered about in sheep skkins and goat skins, being destitute, afflicted, tormented, of whom the world was not even worthy. Amen. They wondered in deserts and mountains and dens and caves of the earth. And all these all these, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise. The blade did not receive the promise, right? The stalk did not receive the promise. The tsel did not receive the promise. The promise day is the seed day, right? That's our day. God fourth vers 40th verse. God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Amen. Praise the Lord. They without us should not be made perfect. And that's the same perfect that Jesus said Matthew 5:48 mature to that place of maturity. Amen. So us them without us they cannot be made perfect. Why cannot be brought to that place of maturity? Because this is that day. This is that age. What did I just read to you? Brother Brandham said, "I believe that that bride has come to the place of full maturity now." Amen. Praise God. So, it's up to us, saints. We are the ones that are holding that that standard for this day. This is that last day. This is the culmination of it all. We read the beginning of it. We're in the middle of the end of it. And we're about to go home. It's about to be over. Yes. Brother Bam says it's about it. uniting time and sign. We find that now the times come when the trumpet sounds that those sleeping saints back there could not be made perfect without us. Right? They he says are depending on us. Praise the Lord. Because this is that day. This is that day of maturity. Yes. And when they come together, they unite. Praise the Lord. Oh, I'm just looking forward to that. so much, saints. Amen. I can't wait to see my family again. Amen. When they come together, they unite with the living ones. Yes. Glory to God. The church uniting with the word. Then the church and the word unite together, becoming one. One. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The dead saints with the living saints uniting together to be one. And all together will unite with Christ yonder for that wedding supper of the lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh saints, what day are we living? What time? What time is it? Amen. Not by your watch. What time is it in the spiritual world? What time is it that God has uh ordained that we're living in right now? We're all a part of this. We look and as we see this is the gracious part of it. We look out when we leave this place. We go out in the world and we see the the horrible part of it, the the worst part of it. Now we're in the middle of this truth. Now in the spiritual part of it, we say we're about it's it's going home time. Yes. Amen. It's going home time. I I sometimes wonder even if we're even gleaning anymore. Is gleaning even over because you know there will be a time when it is. Brother V said there will be a time when the door is shut and nobody can get in and nobody can get out. That's right. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God help us. I I trust it's not now. Amen. I believe it's a brother Random preach souls in prison. You want to you want to listen to a sobering message souls that are in prison now. Amen. I believe brother Random got ahead of himself a little bit but I felt that I believe that spirit was stirring it stirring in him to preach that and to bring it to us to recognize the day that we're living now. Amen. Amen. And that that will be that will be you think about these people that that were that were such godly people. Amen. That were sauna son. They they they they accepted Christ so much. They were willing to be scorched and beat. Sauna sunder, tortured, tormented, slain with a sword, watch their kids ripped apart by uh elephants and uh uh uh let them loose for the lions to come and just eat them. and uh push them off of cliffs onto spikes and stakes and cut them open and pour honey on their their inrils and let the bees come and just eat them. It just it was horrible the things that they went through. They obtained they obtained a good report by the faith they held. But even that could not reach the place that we're at today. Right? Amen. Oh God, help us to be able to fulfill that purpose that God has put us here for. This is it. Amen. This is the end. This is this is this is the finalization of it. Amen. I got a couple other things here, but I'm going to close on that. Amen. I have couple other quotes that I wanted to read to you, but recognize now the maturity this bride has come to this place. It's all a part of of our placement. It's all a part of our adoption. It's all It's all a part of knowing who we are. Amen. And who we are in Christ and what he has done for us. Amen. It's that life. It's moved on now. And it's in the bride. What's happened to the rest is denominated. It's died off. Amen. It's only the bride is where the life of Christ is. Amen. When the bride leaves this place, saints, there'll be nothing. And I was going to read Revelation 4 and talking about those anointings of uh the lion anointing and the ox calf anointing, the man anointing, the the flying eagle anointing of each of those ages that come through and the anointings that those people had to keep them and and to encourage them to keep that spirit on them. But friend, when this bride leaves and the spirit of God goes, there is no anointing in the tribulation period. There will be no godly anointing at all. Amen. The thing to help those people through won't be there at that time. Yes. People will have to seal their testimony with their own blood. It's going to be a horrible time. Blood to the horse's bridal. But praise the Lord. Amen. We will not be here for that. We will not be here for that. So there's nothing to worry about, nothing to fret over. All of it's going to happen. But the bride she will have gone home. Amen. So shall she so shall she ever be with the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if we could. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so thankful, saints. God sent a prophet in this last day. Amen. I'm so thankful that word come to her, spoke to her, help her see who she is. Standing in that word, standing on that promise, that truth, recognizing the day and the hour that we live, saints, it all brings us to the point to understand who we are. Amen. This adoption should help us, everyone, come to the place, if we haven't already, even more, God, help me, to the place of who we are in him. Because it's rapture time. Amen. It's rapture time. It's time for our loved ones to begin to appear. It's time for those that have gone on before to begin to appear before us. Amen. I've got several gone on and I'm looking forward to that time myself. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I got to be honest, I I really I really am looking forward to that time when our our son comes and is united with Micah and Tabitha and even her children and Joel. Amen. It just takes me beyond myself to think about. But it's going to be a wonderful time, saints. Amen. It's going to be a wonderful time. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this again. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. Hallelujah. We're all family. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain. Cleansed by his blood. Joy dares with Jesus as we travel this song. Oh, I'm a part of the family. The family of God. Yes. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. joy days with Jesus as we travel this song. Oh, I'm a part of the family. The family. One more time now. Yes, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain. Cleansed by his blood. Joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm a part of the family, the family of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise the Lord. Saints, aren't you glad there was something God put in you when that magnet came over the deep call to the deep that there was something in you to respond? Yes. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful when that deep call, there was a deep there to respond. Amen. When it responded, it responded into eternity. that eternity responded back and made us who we are today, born again sons and daughters of God. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. You know, baptism is an important thing, being baptized in front of people by Christian baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Bam said that's an outward expression that you show the world that you've accepted Christ as your savior. Not a son, not a father or holy ghost, but the Lord Jesus Christ. You've identified yourself with him. Amen. But what Christ does then is he identifies with you by putting his own life in you. Praise the Lord Jesus. And that's the more important part. The deep might respond, but that that deep's got to respond back. Amen. Amen. That deep responds back. And Christ comes and lives in you. Oh, it makes you a whole new creature. Yes. Praise the Lord Jesus. Everything is new. Everything is new. Praise the Lord. God bless you today. Pray something was said to bless and strengthen the Lord today. Amen. But stand true to that word. Hold fast to what the Lord has given, shown us. We stand upon that word in faith. Amen. So, God richly bless you today. Remember the prayer requests that we had. Amen. And keep those in in your heart as well. Um I do not know where I'm going next week. We have not been assigned for next week. I think uh the hot man is waiting to find out what this next team does in Minneapolis where we've been going. And if they get enough done, we won't go back there. They don't get enough done, we'll probably go back there and finish it. But I I doubt we're going to go back there. So bottom line is I don't know what we're doing next week. So I can't tell you for sure about uh service time is always 10:30 unless you're notified by me differently. Right. That's so but I'll have to notify you uh during the week. So uh when I find out so amen so sorry about that but uh I can only do what knowledge I have. So but uh Lord Richley bless you. Amen. And appreciate you. Keep Tommy in prayer too. Amen. Uh he's a fine young man and he he's just so sincere. Has such a good heart. But you know the devil's just going to try to do everything to tear the poor fell apart now. Uh but greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. He can use your prayer. So please pray for him. All the other requests, like I said, god suggest you. We're going to believe that sister Julius is going to be perfect Thursday. Is going to be great backmen. as well. So, God richly bless you and we'll be dismissed in a word of prayer. Can't think of anything else. Something forgive me, but Lord richly bless you today. Does anyone else have anything before we go? He has testing. Oh, of course. Joel's got some testing. I don't I don't think he's so smart. He's so smart. The Lord's with him. He's smart, isn't he? Ruth is a smart young man. Yeah. So, yeah. So, but we will pray. We'll pray for Jo test to go well. So, God bless you. Brother Zach, would you just miss us? Dear Lord, we thank you for allowing us to gather together again to just hear from you and to just concentrate on you. Lord, we ask that you be with each one of us as we go our separate ways and watch over us and keep us in your word. And yes, Lord, just help us uh show your love to the world around us, to our neighbors, and to, you know, everyone that we come in contact. Amen. Yes, Lord. just be with all the requests that came in and touch those who need a touch from you and comfort those who need comforting and give guidance to those who need guidance. Thank you Jesus. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Eight.
