################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6222025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/22/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   The Word of God Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vL0S8538ny0
========================================

Description:
The Word Of God Tabernacle - 6/22/2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Keep [Music] watching. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] worship. His majesty unto Jesus all gloryy, honor and praise, majesty, [Music] kingom authority flows from his throne unto his is the praise. So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify from glorify Christ Jesus the king. Majesty. Worship his majesty. [Music] Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Yes. Majesty. Worship his majesty. unto Jesus be all gloryy, honor and praise, [Music] majesty, [Music] kingom of glory flows from his throne unto his own is the grace. So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify, glorify Christ Jesus the king. [Music] Majesty. Worship his majesty. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Yes. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Yes. Jesus who died is now glorified. King of all kings. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. It's wonderful to worship. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So good to be back house of the Lord today. Preaching the name of the Lord Jesus. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Appreciate those that are here. We got a few that coming a little bit late today. So, they'll be trickling in, I guess, as the service goes along. But, Amen. We're going to have service today. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, God bless you. Welcome to the house of Lord. Let's stand if we could. Amen. We'll just invite his presence. Trust him to be with us. Amen. Let's our heads if we could. Lord Jesus, so very thankful, Father, your grace, your mercy, your blessings, your love. Thank you for your mighty hand in our lives, Lord, and leading and guiding and directing us. It's that mighty hand that led us here today, God, into this place. And Lord, just expecting great things for you to do for us in this place, in this service. Looking forward, God, for you to speaking to our hearts and lives, moving on our needs, Lord, strengthening us in our spirits, using us, Lord, to live for you and to give our lives in complete surrender into your hands. Lord, we thank you for the forgiveness of sin. We thank you for that precious blood that you shed at Calvary that annihilates every sin that could ever be held our charge. Lord, we just pray for our precious saints across the world, Lord. And God, overseas, wherever they may be. We lift them up in your precious name. Your hand would be upon them and bless your bride worldwide, whoever they may be, wherever they may be, Lord. Bless those that are on their way today, God. Lord, yet to the service. Bless those who may be streaming today, those that are here, God. May we just lift up our voices and worship and praise to you now and expect you to take complete control of this service as we enter it into your hands. We rebuke every demonic spirit that would try to hurt, hind or infiltrate this service in any way that you get the glory, honor, and praise for all that is said and done. It's in the precious, holy, lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. And we're going to go over to Psalm number 479 in the book. We'll have it on the screen here for you. Amen. 479. In the name of Jesus, praise the Lord. We have victory. Amen. Precious name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's sing it to our mouth. [Music] In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory. Yes. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Even have to be. Oh come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can set me. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Yes. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. It's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to feed. Oh, we come in the name of Jesus. Help me. Who can stand before in the precious name of Jesus? We have the victory. Oh, one more time now. Yes. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh yes. Amen. Yes. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We must have to come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Amen. It's victory in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I claim that victory in his precious name. What would we do without him, saints? Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's sing this song number 335. Amen. Before we go to the Lord in prayer now 335. We'll have it on the screen here. Victory is mine. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Victory is mine. Praise the Lord. Is victory yours today? In the name of Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it now. Victory is mine. Victory mine. Victory is woke up this morning. I didn't wake me up. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me." My God, I'm singing, shouting the victory. Amen. Yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Victory today is mine. Well, joy is mine. Joy is mine. The joy of the Lord is mine. Well, I told Satan to empty [Music] today is mine. That peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today. Well, I told Satan to get me behind all today is I see merc again. I woke up this morning. I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got up singing, shouting victory. Amen. Yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan, you can't leave behind. Victory today is mine. What else now? Well, healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind all ceiling today is mine. And the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me high. The Holy Ghost today is mine. And my family is mine. My family is mine. My family today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me today. Well, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord he me. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got singing, shouting, "Victory." Yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is victory. One more time. Yes. is today. Well, I [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Victory yours today. Praise God in the name of Jesus. Victory is ours, saints. We just got to claim it. Satan wants to rob you of it. Satan wants to keep you from it. But victory has been given to us, his children. Amen. By the cross of Calvary. Now we stand victorious in his precious name. Hallelujah. Belongs to us today, saints. Don't let the devil defeat you with it. Belongs to us. Victory is ours. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I got um couple more people still coming this morning, but uh we uh I have one prayer request uh to mention to you today. Amen. Brother Dennis and brother Danny uh are not with us today. Both had difficulty falling asleep last night. Uh Dennis uh said he had some neurop uropathy in his left foot as well. So he was in some pain. He texted me about 4:30 and said that he was having this pain and having a hard time falling asleep. Their brother Frankie passed away. Uh their brother Frankie was a Catholic priest and I know it it grieved brother Dennis pretty severely. I saw him about it the other day and we had lunch together. But please remember them in prayer if you would. Brother Dennis, brother Danny, the family. Actually, Dennis said that their sister Arlene's probably taking it harder than anybody in the family. So, thank you them in prayer to the Katy family and the Lord would just come with them and be with them during this time. So, I had not heard about it till this morning. Uh, so I did not know until brother Dennis text me early this morning. So, amen. Please remember them in prayer if you would. Amen. Anyone else have a a prayer request? Just remember those who are here. Sister Lydia with us. is still in the mountains. Remember them. Sister Karen, brother Tom, and then Sister Norma, as far as I know, is coming. My wife's coming. My wife's still struggling with her back. So, remember her in prayer. Uh she's probably having a little little struggle getting ready this morning, I'm guess. And she brought me into church this morning. We only have one vehicle now. Uh so, she brought me into church this morning, went back home. So, she's up. Uh she just uh I know she's just dealing with her back. remember of course good to see us. Who did you bring with you today? That's our granddaughter Madison. Madison, welcome Madison. It's good to have you live in Tucson. Good. Well, I'm glad to have you today. It's good to see you. Amen. Sister Julie, of course. Anyone else have a prayer request? Please remember if you would uh we're I'm flying out early earlier than normal uh today 12:55 so I'll be scooting really quick after church today so please forgive me for that um you're supposed to be at the airport two hours early that doesn't happen but fortunately living in Tucson it's pretty small airport so I'm usually uh with the priority check in and TSA pre-check I'm usually in the I'm usually out of the car into the gate five minutes so uh usually an is good, but we need to get going pretty quick. But uh I appreciate your prayers for safe travel and good work week this week. So anyone to have an unspoken request? Lord knows all of our needs today. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. if we could just take these things to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we bow our heads towards the moment we came, Lord Jesus, a sign of humility, Lord Jesus. Yes. Amen. Approach your name, approach your father God, because we know that without you, we are nothing. We have nothing. We are nothing, Lord Jesus. And that you abides everything. Thank you Lord. Want to start by thanking you for everything you've done throughout this week, Lord Jesus. Keeping us safe, keeping us healthy, keeping us fed and a roof over our head. Amen. Our needs to you, Lord Jesus. Lord, Lord Jesus, the passing of their brother. May you help that family, help each of them, but event sleep, Lord Jesus, that you would keep sick at bay on these days that they have committed to come to worship you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Yes Lord we are many people Lord Jesus not many spoken Lord God but you know many unknown each of our hearts Lord Jesus each of our families Jesus all around the world we commit ourselves and rest of the service into your hands and we know that we claim everything Jesus Christ we ask God bless you be seated if you'd like I said you know brother Dennis and Danny grew up as Catholics as little boys alter boys so they kind of came out of that but their brother Frankie Um I guess as they came out he got deeper and actually became a Catholic priest. Uh brother Dennis did not share the details with me what happened or how he passed but uh we just of course want to remember them in prayer like I said. Amen. Madison, which daughter are you? Okay. All right. I knew them all. I guess yours Gary's right. Okay. I knew all them boys. Actually, Gary never was little, but I knew him when they were younger. So, uh I I know all of them. So, I know your your dad and your uncles. So, so welcome. You might have and a testimony. I was going to give your testimony, but since you're saying, you might as well tell it. Super quick. Um, just one thing. I had three biopsy and I got the results Friday. Um, one was completely benign. The other two they classify as mild or whatever that needs actions. Amen. I put this in the tablet this morning. And if you know it, feel free to sing along. [Music] I' unveet [Music] that I'll see God make this trial a blessing. That's the love he has for me. Amen. God will make this trial lasting. Though it sends me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet there's no need to get discouraged. God made this trial a blessing and the whole wide world will see. Amen. Yes. You see I am not the first one to come into this place. You see every child of God the test that he must face but it's God will mold you and make you what you are to be. God make this trial bless you will see. Hallelujah. God will make this trial. No sends me to my knees. Though my tears like river there's no curless [Music] world. Now I'm standing on this mountain. Amen. Looking back, I can see while I was in that low valley. Oh, it's good to see the sun and [Music] God has made this blessing for the grace he gives to me. Amen. God has made this blessing. Lord brought me to my knees and my tears flow like a river yet in him was a sweet relief. Oh, it's good to see the sunshine God's victory. God made this child a blessing as the love he has for me. God will make this child a blessing. God brings you to your knees and your tears flow like a river. Remembering him sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk to me. Amen. God will trial a blessing. That's the love he has for you. God will make this trial a blessing. Though it brings me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's some relief. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk to this trial a blessing. Let's be patient. You will see that God will make this trial a blessing. That's the love he has for you. Thank you Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Praise the Lord. Aren't you thankful you serve a God cares so much about you. Amen. That he would bring these in our lives and yet he would make them work out for our good. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's hard to understand sometimes. God will bring brings something in our lives that we think is a hardship or something difficult and he's taking that to use it to make it for our good. Praise the Lord. He makes it all work together for our good. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Regardless of what it is, he's always taking care of us, his children. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll go ahead and get into the scripture today. Does anyone have a testimony or anything on your heart you'd like to express? [Music] Praise the Lord. Now, we'll just stand to our feet. Romans chapter 8. We're going to continue, Lord willing, what we love. Romans chapter 8. We're going to begin reading with verse 14. Romans 8:14. Amen. Praise the Lord. Romans 8:14. Praise the Lord. Before we read the scripture though, let's just bow our heads and be good for another word of prayer. Lord Jesus, very thankful Lord once again of your grace and mercy. Thank you for your hand in our lives, Lord. lead guiding and directing us. Thank you, Lord, for this time of fellowship around your precious word. Trust, Lord, that you would just speak this word to us, Lord, and let it be a revelation to each of our hearts and see and hear what you'd have us to know, God. We know that your word will not return void, but accomplish in it that that you'd sent it forth for, whatever it may be today, God. for whoever may be watching, whoever may be here, listening, God, whoever may hear it in the future. Lord, let it accomplish in them and each of us what you sent it forth for the purpose, God, that you have for it for us today. Lord, we know in ourselves, we are insufficient just trusting and believing in you for all things, God. May you bless and strengthen us now, God, as we commit ourselves into your hands and ask these blessings in the precious, holy, lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Romans chapter 8, I begin reading with verse 14 again. Amen. Romans 8:14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, aba, father. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be also glorified together. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Amen. Last week we were getting into the first uh installment or the first uh part of our position in Christ which is what adoption is about. So last week we spoke on the our position in Christ part one. So this would be adoption actually part 18 uh our position in Christ part two. Amen. Praise the Lord. So I want to go over to another scripture if we can. And we read last week first uh second Peter chapter 1. I just want to read this uh one verse of scripture again if we could. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 10 uh as we take the scripture to dive back into kind of where we try to pick up where we left off last week. Background a little bit from where we were last week as well. So second Peter chapter 1 verse 10. Second Peter 1:10. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. You shall never fall. If you do these, make your calling and election sure. Calling is to be called uh your election is chosen. Handpicked. God handpicked you. Amen. When God elected you, he handpicked you. He chose you from before the foundation of the world. He was part of him in God before the foundation world. You were amen that portion of the Bible. God put that seed in you. Amen. As you were born, that was that seed that was in you was to become you even before the foundation of the world. That seed that comes to maturity in yourself now is that is that new birth that the Holy Spirit, God himself living in you is is that part of you who God is. And remember, God is God is the only thing that's eternal. Amen. And if we ever have or expect to have eternal life, we have to understand that that part of our life, who we are, that's eternal, is God. Amen. And that's what rules our lives. That's that's who we are. That's the spirit that's within us that shows us and leads us and guides us and tells us what to do and how to live and where to go. And that's our whole life. Amen. Is being led by the Holy Spirit. But our calling in election to make sure you understand what our calling is. It's not just so much being a part of the body of Christ. It's the calling of the position that you play that you are placed in in that body. Your calling or position in that body. Amen. Everybody has their own part to play. Uh not just the five-fold ministry, not just ministers themselves, but everyone that's a part of the body of Christ has their own part to play within that body of Christ. And as we said last week, God molds you, makes you, shapes you, uh your birth forth, you're brought forth, your the place you live, your parents you had, the friends you had, the schools you went to, everything that you were privy to in your uh for pretty much your entire life was to groom you to the place that you were to be to to fulfill the position that God wants you in. Uh, one of the I've said this before, but one of the greatest selling Christian books that there ever has been written was uh, a man wrote a book called Purpose-Driven Life. Amen. A lot of people have read that book. I personally uh, have never had it or read it, but I know it became a very popular book. A lot of people because a lot of people just flounder through in life and don't know what their purpose is, don't know what they're called to. Uh, I think a lot of that, as I said last week, probably has a lot to do with a lot of the homeless that we have today. And people that just aimless, purposeless. They don't know why they're here. They don't know what they're supposed to do. They don't know what their calling is. Uh, whether they're Christian or not, don't know what they're supposed to be doing. They just So, a lot of people just give up on life and just quit or just uh don't don't find any purpose to life. Uh, when you don't have a purpose, then what good is life? Uh it's like I've said many times, uh when the purpose that God has for me is fulfilled, then I'm ready to go home whenever God calls me. When that purpose is finished, when that purpose is fulfilled, well, we all have a purpose. Every one of us have a purpose. I think one of the hardest things especially for young people is they grow up and go to school and are raised in certain homes with certain families and parents and things uh and have friends that that that they need purpose. They need to feel like they belong. They need that's why that that's why gangs become so popular. That's why peer pressure is so is so prevalent because people want to feel like they belong. They want to be a part of something. They wanna they want to play a part. Amen. It it it it's like a baseball team. Uh when when you when you play baseball, every every position has its part to play. Amen. There's uh if I remember right, I think there's nine positions on the baseball field. Uh and everybody has a part. Not everybody can be the pitcher. Everybody wants to be the pitcher. At least when I was growing up and I was a kid, everybody wanted to be the pitcher. But everybody can be the pitcher. And when I was growing up, nobody wanted to be the catcher, but somebody had to be the catcher. Nobody wanted to do it, but somebody had to do it because there had to be that person that's behind the plate to catch what the pitcher threw. not realizing that the pitcher and the catcher are probably two of the more important people on the field, especially the catcher because he touches the ball almost every single play. Every single time that something happens, the the catcher is a part of it. Amen. Every pitch, unless the batter hits it, the catcher catches the ball. Amen. What does he do with it? So, every part of it is important. Now, if you hit it to one part of the field, that guy catches it. Well, yeah, that's good. But what if he just holds on to the ball? No, there's another guy over on first base that's there to catch the ball when he throws it. Amen. And they have to work together. They have to be there as as a part of a team. And they feel a part of the team. Amen. Even a good coach even will make those guys or girls, whatever it is, but they'll make those guys who who aren't very good or they're young or they're learning who have to sit on the bench and can't be out on the field. A good coach will make that even the ones riding the bench be a part of the team. Amen. A good coach will will make sure those that are riding the bench are part of the team and feel a part of the team and feel just as important as if they caught that uh uh ball in center field to end the game to win the game. He'll make them feel just as important. See, and that's what God does when you give your life to the Lord. He'll make no matter what position, whatever part you play, God will make it sure that you play that part and feel just as important as as whoever the person the the pastor or the person out in front or the person that seems like to be the most important. And I know when I was uh just uh cutting my teeth, I guess you will, and started ministering, so many of the younger brothers, they all wanted to minister. They all wanted to preach. And and not everybody's called to preach, right? Not not everybody's called to minister. And then everybody all of them kind of tend to that lack like they want to all be pastors. Like why do you all want to be pastors? Amen. That that's that's probably one of the hardest positions there are to fulfill in the ministry of the gospel is to be a pastor. Amen. If you're an evangelist, uh, you just strolling off the street, burn the congregation up, and hit the road. I mean, that sounds a lot easier to me. You just come into a place and you just you tear the height off the people and you hit the road. That's what an evangelist does. He's evangelizing, stir the people up, and then he's gone. Amen. There's nothing left. There's no responsibility. There's none of this and that of taking care of the spiritual welfare of the people and that kind of thing. But everybody wanted to be a pastor. What do you want to be a pastor for? Amen. Now me, I knew what God called me to do. And I couldn't escape it no matter what you do. Amen. No matter how hard you try. But we got to make sure that our calling and election is sure. Cuz if you're in your calling, you can't fall because God will bless you. As we said last week, God will bless you in that call. If you're fulfilling the position that God's put you in, amen. Then God will bless you in that position. God will help you. Like we said last week, by the spirit of adoption, the Holy Spirit of adoption, that adoption is not putting you in the family. It's placing in your position in that family. And God will make sure that that Holy Spirit reveals to you, shows you, leads you, puts you in the position that you should be in to fulfill. And when you're in that position, God will bless you in that position. God will make sure that you are blessed. Amen. So, uh, as we said last week, we have, uh, these three parts that we look at of adoption, the three stages. The placement in the body. Your adoption is the placement in the body. Your abiding in that call, which we might get to a scripture that I want to read uh, in reference to that today, maybe next week. We'll see. But abiding in that call, living in that call. See, we can't you can't despise what God's called you to do. Don't don't reject what God's called you to do. Don't don't try to carnally impersonate somebody else. Amen. And become that person or preach like that person or fulfill that person's responsibility. That's that that's God to do in a person's life, not for you. You fulfill the purpose God's given you. Amen. Whatever it is, God you fulfill abiding in that call. Amen. And then we have the culmination, the body change. The end of adoption, in my opinion, the end of the adoption is in the body change when the Lord takes us home to be with him in a rapture or uh well, we all rapture. Even if we go by the way of the grave, we all rapture. Amen. So, it's being called, placed in that body, living in that call, live your life in your calling. Because we just read, if you live in that call, you can't fall. You will not fall. period. God will make sure to be there to lift you up to bless you. Doesn't mean it's going to be easy. Amen. But God will bless you in it. Then the culmination of course is uh when we go when the Lord takes us home in a rapture. Now let me read these couple of things. Adoption series 1960. This is part one of adoption. As you may know, when brother Brandham preached on adoption, he had it in several parts. uh not as many as we have, but uh brother Brandham had a limited amount of time. Uh by God's grace, I can come in here week to week and give little snippets of every part and kind of dig a little deeper than brother Brandham did. So, but let me read this to you now. Uh who could do that? That's what Paul said. That's Paul's scripture. That's Paul's writing. That's what he taught his church. The church positionally, listen now, the church positionally before the foundation of the world when God is in his labor pains was bringing forth bringing you forth. Amen. In that creation and bringing you forth, knowing what you would do, God knowing what you would do. Again, that's why God brought you forth in the home that you were born in, with the parents you were born to, in the house that you were born in, in the generation that you were born in, in the city that you were born in, in the state that you were born in, in the f in the schools that you went to, in the friends that you had at school in different places. Every single thing about your life, God was grooming you to bring you to that place that you can fulfill that position. Amen. Everybody to fill to fulfill that position and not just fulfill that position because there's a lot of pastors. We'll just go the easy road. Uh or there's a lot of mothers. Amen. Let's forget about the ministry. There's a lot of mothers. Amen. But not every mother was meant to mother everybody's child. God gives that mother that child because God ordained that mother for that child. Amen. There was no other mother supposed to mother that child. That child was supposed to be mothered by the mother God gave her to. Amen. Just like there's plenty of pastors. There's a lot of pastors God calls I'm not the only pastor in the world. God calls uh there's hundreds or thousands of men that would fulfill the purpose of uh of being pastor. Amen. But there was only one that called uh to be here in this place right now for this purpose with you people right here. He didn't call everybody to be here right now. He called another brother because he needed to be in that church down here for the people that are there. And God grooved him and shaped him and everything that he did to bring his life to the place that he would be the pastor that those people need. Yeah. And God leads the people not by popularity contest, not by what a great ortor or how good-looking a man might be or if he's a family member. Makes no difference. Yes. God leads his children and sends them where he wants them to be to set under the pastor that he grew them to be from their birth. Amen. And now you've got the combination. And now God can operate in a group like that. Friends, Amen. problem you get to is if you get a person who's not supposed to be ministering or not supposed to be pastoring, you get people who follow favoritism and because someone's a good orator, he's uh he's really uh emotional or something or or whatever it might be, a trait or something that someone's well, he's good-looking, and they go to that church instead. Oh, well, my family's been going there and you know, it's kind of like politics or denomination. Well, my great great great great great granddaddy was a Baptist and I guess I was born a Baptist. I'll die a Baptist. Well, my great great great grandpa, he was a Democrat, Republican, whatever. So, I guess I'll always be regardless of what happens, regardless of if it's right, wrong, or indifferent. You know, that's the attitude people take. Oh, my family goes there or whatever it is. That has nothing to do with it. You know, you go where God sends you. Amen. You be where God places you because God's got if you're a child of God, God's got the exact perfect pastor that you're supposed to sit under. Amen. He does. And and if you're led of God, if he's led of God and you're led of God, that's a combination, friend. That's a combination that'll work. Then God can do something with that. God can move in that place. God can move in that congregation. God can move on those people. God can make a difference in our lives. And we can see it happening when those things come together because every bit of it is in the spirit of the Holy Ghost. And then you can see the Holy Spirit moving in that because God orchestrated that in his mind knowing what you would do before the foundation of the world. God saw that. Amen. And he put you here. But wherever. Amen. Whoever we are, God does all that for a reason. There's a purpose behind where who we are and where we're supposed to be. Yeah. You just say, "Well, there's all kinds of churches." Yeah, there are. But there's only one where you're supposed to be. Yeah. Oh, there's all kinds of pastors. Yeah, there are. But there's only one pastor that God's called you to sit under. Amen. Now, it could be different stages of life. Amen. Maybe like we said last week, uh there there might be a pastor that's that's a little more uh adept at ministry. H his ministry is more geared toward uh young people that come in or uh people that are just coming in off the street or those who have just came into the message and just want to learn the fundamentals to start out. There's there's pastors that that that is really their ministry and they're good at it and God's called them to do that and God's blessed them in it. And then there's others that are more adept to ministering to more seasoned people and people that have been in the message for years or know the scripture or know the message or know who they are. And there's and there's those that God sends for that purpose. And maybe uh maybe a person uh is under a minister for a while and they've learned the fundamentals. They've got the Holy Spirit and they've moved in this they've grown in grace in the Lord and they've got to the place that uh a a pastor just continuing to minister to the ones that are just coming in isn't satisfying to that person anymore. Maybe they need to grow a little more. And God will have someone else, maybe another pastor for them to set under to continue to bring them up in the word, to continue to help them to grow in the word. Amen. So, I'm not saying because uh God has put a specific pastor that you're with that that pastor all of your life. That doesn't. Sometimes it does. Sometimes it doesn't. Amen. But it's up to God. You go where God leads you. That's why anybody that's ever left any church that I pastored, I tell them, you do what God tells you to do. But you better make sure it's God. That's only caveat. Just make sure that it's God leading you because the devil's always there to try to stir everything up and mess it up and change it and make everything in the way it's not not not supposed to be. Amen. But God bringing you forth in his labor pains, bringing you forth, knowing what you would do. He positionally placed you into his own body. Praise the Lord. Knowing what you would do. See, so we're not just dealing with adoption in this. We're also dealing with preh pre-ordination or uh predestination. Amen. Or fornowledge. God knew. Thus he predestined. Thus knowing what you do, he placed you in his own body to be a housewife, to be a farmer, to be a preacher, to be a prophet, to be this or that or whatever it is. He placed you placed you positionally. Amen. Where he wants you to be, where it's going to work in his body so that every bit of what we do comes to glorify and magnify Jesus Christ. our whole lives. The purpose that we have, the purpose that we serve, why God has us here is to live for him. Amen. It's not to get rich. It's not to have big houses. It's not to be popular, have great fame. It's not to become some great person or some great writer or whatever it might be. It's to live for Jesus Christ. Yeah. Now, if living for Jesus Christ, you uh God blesses you in with an accumulation of finances, that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. Not a thing in the world wrong with that. In fact, God a lot of times needs those people to help fund the things that God's doing, right? That God's working in. Amen. So, people try to make that sound like a negative. No, it's not. Amen. And but see, the the problem comes in there then where everybody then wants to be rich. I I want to have all that money. I want to be the person that has all that great notoriety. I want to be that. But you know, God gives it to the person he knows can handle it, right? Amen. Maybe why I don't have any. But he gives it to the person he knows who can handle it. Praise the Lord. And that's and that's important in the body of Christ. Amen. I remember I I'll tell you a story because brother Green keeps coming to my mind because he is the greatest example of anybody I know honestly as far as when it comes to money. Everybody thought he was a millionaire rich and all this stuff. I remember he had a little uh he had a little Swiss cheese or something on his desk uh with with a dollar in it or something. I forgot what it was. May have been play money. I don't remember. It's been a long time ago. So he had he said everybody he has this Swiss bank account. He said that's his Swiss bank account. He had a little ceramic Swiss cheese or something with a dollar. That's my Swiss bank account. Everybody thought he had all this money. But I remember one time, I'll just tell this. I remember one time when brother Rand was brother sitting there and he's going through uh letters and of course people send their tithes in mailing in and stuff like that and one sent in uh I think it was well he's gone so I don't guess it was a $10,000 check and he put it over and he was talking to another brother. I won't call his name, but he was talking to another brother and they were trying to upgrade this in the church and stuff. And brother and the brother was reluctant to tell brother Green how much it was going to cost to do this upgrade that he was wanting to do. And brother Green asked him said and and may have asked him a couple times if I remember right. He asked him how much is it going to cost? And the brother finally said, "Well, Brother Green is is it's u it's going to cost like $10,000." Brother Green took that tithe ticket, just came in and handed it to him. Said, "There you go. Get it done." It just just that easy. Amen. No, let's go do this or that. No, it's just God provide the money. There it is. There, let's do it. Amen. That's just the kind of person he was. Amen. Come in, went out. And anyway, greatest example of somebody I know in that position. See, didn't everybody people get jealous then? And everybody wants to be the rich person. But let me read you this story. Just like everybody want to be the catcher or the pitcher, excuse me. Nobody want to be the catcher. Everybody want to be the pitcher. And when I was growing up, baseball, everybody want to be the preacher. Everybody wants to be the pastor, the person that stands up and the one that gets the no. Yeah. Have you heard of this brother? Yeah. Well, he's in his congregation. Nobody know anybody in the congregation. I don't know how many times I've gone to places and ministered for largeations like brother Tim when we used to go over there and minister and we my wife and my mom into a restaurant and sit down and eat and people come up and shake our hand doing his goodness. That was wonderful service. Good to meet you blah blah blah. And I'm like who are you? I don't know who they are. So, well, I probably should introduce myself. brother said, "Oh, okay. All right." You know, because they're kind of, you know, more the congregation is sort of more in obscurity. People know the congregation like they do the pastor, the minister comes up. So, everybody wants to be the minister. Every be the picture. But look at this. Victory Day 1963. Brother Brandham tells the story of Dwight Moody. Look at Dwight Moody's conference uh conversion. Now we're talking about position in Christ. So remember that adoption position in Christ. Look at Dwight Moody's conversion. Any of those you see just one little wash woman, a little wash woman with a message on her heart to do something for God. She had in her heart to do something for God. Just a wash woman. Maybe made 50 cent a week washing clothes. Now who wants to be the little wash woman? Who wants to spend their lives raise their money beating clothes against a rock or against the uh the board? I forgot what it's the run up. Who wants to be that person? Nobody wants to be that person. But there's got to be somebody to fulfill that position. Of course, nowadays you just go to the machine, push a button, but nobody wants to be that person. Just like nobody wanted to be the catcher. Nobody wants to be the janitor. Amen. Nobody. Hardly anybody wants to be the person that's considered the bottom of the totem pole. But I believe it was David said, "I'd rather be a doormat in the house of God." Amen. But look, this little wash woman he's talking about, she had something in her heart washing clothes 50 cent a week, whatever it was, but she had something that she wanted to do for God. And so she rented an old library stable and got a minister to come down and preach. And nobody but a little boy with hair hanging down the back of his neck and with his daddy suspenders on went down to that altar. He went down. Dwight Moody went down and knelt at that altar and gave his heart to Jesus Christ that night. And that little boy turned out to be Dwight who led half a million souls to Jesus Christ. Who's going to get the credit for that half a million souls? That little wash woman who had something her heart to do for God. 50 cent a week. There's no telling how much library ster needed to be paid. We don't know. Amen. But that little boy came down to the altar. You know what? She had three or four nights service when she had that stable and she had that minister come in, but she funded it. She paid for it out of what me mere meek uh uh uh income that she made. Amen. And he came down to the altar and he was just a little boy. We know the rest of the story. I don't even know if this woman that little boy was white booty or not. But you know what she did? She had something on her heart to do for God. So she rented this library stable. She got this preacher to come in and one boy, one person came and gave his heart to Jesus Christ was Dwight Booty. But you know what she did? She went back to being a little wash woman. Amen. Maybe the rest of her life. We don't know about the rest of her story. Maybe she just she went back the rest of she she may not have ever known that that little boy that came to the altar that night, Amen, was white booty. that led half a million souls to Jesus Christ. But I guarantee you one thing, she knows it now because she's over there. She's over there with him. We get to tell the story. We get to hear about the story. But she had a position nobody would want. That's why I say don't despise where God's put you. Don't despise what God's made you. Don't despise the position that God's placed you in. Just fulfill that position. You cannot fall. God will bless you in that position and that 500,000 souls or whatever it was. Brother Brandon threw a number out there. Half a million souls. Who knows now that she gets a count of those half a million souls because that one boy because of something in her heart to do for the Lord. Amen. You think about the positions that God puts us in. You never know what the the weight of eternity might unfold in that circumstance or that situation or what God told you to do or what God led you to do. By most standards, especially even in this message, by most message standards, if you had a revival and only one person came to the altar and gave their heart to God, you'd consider that a failure. A lot of people would are not as successful as you thought it should be. Amen. But what did that one person accomplish? Amen. In the hands of God, we would look at and say, "Oh, well, what was the point of doing all that? Maybe just had one boy come down. He probably wasn't even real. He's probably faking it. He just got up caught in emotion or something." That's the way people think. Unfortunately, that's the way people talk so many times. There could have been a billion people came down to that altar and only one was Dwight Moody. Only one may have actually stayed with Christ. Been that person doesn't know. But we consider the billion coming a great success and the one coming a failure. But the one coming is what God needed. I remember the time I I think it's on tape or uh maybe I heard brother Roger tell this testimony but Roger Collins but uh brother Random had these they of course in his early days that he had these managers that set up the meetings and they had these great meetings they were doing in Chicago and had these meetings that they were going to have uh several nights in a row of meetings and people coming up and getting prayed for and and all that's going on and and the the lay hands on and the praying over people and the things that happened in all of his meetings. But after the third night or something, brother ran and went to the manager, believe it was the manager. He said, "The one person that God sent me here for came in last night. We can close it down." They didn't. But that one person, he said, "That one person, this was in Chicago, I believe. That one person that God sent me here for came in. So who's to explain that saints? But you can explain God. You can't reason God. You just have to be able to be in the position to let God move you and make you and mold you and show you and lead you and guide you and put you in that position. This woman was in that position. But something came in her heart to do something for God. Praise the Lord. And what did God do? God blessed it. Amen. It was for a purpose. Let me finish this. He said that woman had something to do. It was for a purpose. She was made She was made a wash woman for a purpose. Praise the Lord. Nobody wants to be the watch woman. But oh, if we can just find our place, get in our position, fulfill the point, the place that God wants us to, how he'll bless, how he'll make that shine in the house of God. Now, you say, "Bless the little old wash woman. Did she get a big raise?" No. No. I doubt she got any more money. But look at the blessing she got. Look how God blessed what she did. She was made a wash woman for a purpose. Praise God. Let us just fulfill that purpose, Lord. What is the position that you want me in? What you want me to do? Amen. We never know. It's in God's hands. Brother says, "And don't despise where God's got you, but serve your purpose." Don't despise where God's got you. Serve that purpose. Whatever that purpose is. may might not be the grandioso things that everybody looks to or like I said everybody wants all the money. Everybody wants to be rich. Everybody wants to be the picture. Everybody wants to be that position but not everybody can. Amen. God has a place and every bit of it plays its part. Amen. You know, I'm gonna say this close in just a minute. I I played a lot of basketball growing up. I was from North Carolina. So, you know, in North Carolina when you're born, instead of the doctors spanking you, they give you a basketball. And if you can dribble, you're alive. So, I grew up playing a lot of basketball. And I know on basketball teams when they win a championship, whether you played one second on the floor all season, doesn't matter. If you win a championship, you get the same ring or the same accolades that the leading scorer and all American on the team got. If you're the last person on the bench, you didn't spend one second in one game all season, you get the exact same reward as the leading scorer, all American basketball player. Amen. Same reward. Praise God. You tell me God's a respector of person. God is no respector of person. Amen. Same reward. Praise the Lord. It may not be the best. It may not be the one everybody wants. May not be the one out front. In fact, a lot of times I wish I was the one that was in the back corner, but it may not be that one, but serve that purpose. And God bless you in that purpose. Amen. I'm going to read this and I'm going to close. First Corinthians, I I'll get back to this next week. 1 Corinthians uh chapter 7. Amen. There's victory. There's victory in serving your purpose. There's victory in finding your place in the body of Christ. And there's victory in serving and abiding in that position. There's victory. There's freedom in it. Amen. There's a liberty in living in the position, living in the placement where God put you. There's freedom in that. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 7 verse 20. Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called. Art thou being a servant care not for it? But if thou mayest be made free, use it rather. Use the position. Amen. That place. Use it. For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's free man. And who doesn't want that? Amen. Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die. Amen. Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die. You want to be the Lord's free man, then be his servant. Be be the position he's put you in. Likewise also, he that is called, being free, is is Christ's servant. Ye are bought with a price, but not ye the servants of uh uh be not ye the servants of men. Brethren, let every man wherein he is called, therein abide with God. Abide with God. Abide in that calling. Abide in that position. Let God use you in that place. Find that place. That's the number one thing people have. We find that place that we're supposed to be in. I trust is most of us mature Christians have found that place. But we find that place and abide in that place and don't despise it. Let God use you in it. We don't know or have record that this woman did anything before or anything after she rented that stable. But it doesn't matter. It's that one thing that God had her do. Amen. That one thing, that one place. And she had in her heart to do and she did it. She didn't let anything stand in her way. She didn't complain about the money as as we know of or any of that. She did it. And look what God did. And look how God blesses us. What is that reward going to be on the other side? Amen. Praise the Lord. God help us to be able to fulfill that position that called us to be in. Amen. God will call you to that place. Amen. Maybe it may take you away from family. It may take you away from friends. It may take you away from a a group that you may have been a part of. Look at Abraham. That's what I was going to close. Say, look at Abraham. Abraham had to leave his home. He had to leave his family. Had to leave everything that he knew and loved because God told him to follow me. Come with me and I will send you to a place. Now, what promise did he have other than that voice that spoke to him? I mean, look at Moses. The same thing Moses could have been, you think about Moses' position, he could have been the most powerful person on the earth, the been in the most powerful position. You would think naturally if you just think humanly that he would have been better off to just ascend to the throne of Pharaoh which he was in line to do and then he could have freed the slaves. Then he could have freed the Hebrews. He could have let them all go because he is Pharaoh. His word was law whatever he said and then he could have let them go. Amen. But then that would have brought glory to Moses not glory to God. So instead of being in line to be the next pharaoh, he became a mudber and went down into the dirt and the mud and trumped just like his just like his family did, just like his inheritance did. His posterity, his or not posterity at the time, but his family that he was with, all of the Hebrews are all down. He became one of them. Cursed, run out of town. God sent him back. He had to leave everything and everybody. Brother Brandham had to. So God may have you to put you in that position. God, it's all nice and comfortable when you just sitting there and ease and all, but God may send you someplace that you weren't expecting. He may separate you from family. He may separate you from friends. And it may not be and it may not be that th that those family members or those friends were a bad influence. I'm not saying that, right? God's just got something else for you to do. God's got some other place to send you. God's got something else he wants you to accomplish and do for him. Can we do it? Amen. Praise the Lord. Whatever it is, let's stand to our feet if we could. I'm going to close it. Whatever that place is, whatever that position, whatever that leading is, whatever [Music] We do that because it's his leading in our lives to do it. We want to be Christians. We want to be Christians. Amen. We believe we're Christians. We believe we're born again. We believe we're greater than than our a part of something that's greater than ourselves. Amen. And we follow that place and we follow that leading. We follow that that God leads us to and shows us and blesses us in. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing this. before we go today. Amen. This song, it's in the book. We'll have it on the screen here. See if you got a book at home or something you want to look. It's 2 in the book. Amen. I have on the screen. Victory in Jesus. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. I heard an old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about his throne of his precious blood atoning. And I repent in all my sins and want the victory. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He wants me to victory beneath the cleansing glass. Now I heard about a manion. He is built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea. about the angels singing and the old red story and some sweet day I'll sing out there the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He punched me to victory beneath. Let's sing it one more time now. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming love. He loved me to him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Victory in our Lord Jesus. What a greater victory that there has never been but in the name of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Amen. And you are victorious in him. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your word, Lord. Thank you for the power of grace. He is so good. Amen. Amen. Just want to serve him. Live our lives for him. Dedicated consecrated in his hands. Amen. Find that place. Find that purpose. Live in that purpose. Abide in that purpose. One day soon, I believe very soon we're going home to be with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. God richly bless you today. Pray something and strength in the Lord. Amen. be dismissed in a word of prayer next week, Lord willing. Now, we'll have service back at the regular 10:30. Amen. Next week. So, uh not sure after that, but we'll deal with that when we come to it. But, so next week, Lord willing, we'll be back at 10:30. So, God richly bless you. Good to see each one of you. Good to have you. Welcome anytime. Amen. So, God richly bless you today. We'll be in a word of prayer. Amen. Does anyone else have anything? Well, many times they're having the bombshell. Amen. Yes. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes, it does. Bless my heart. those scripture too. Amen. Praise the Lord. Even when all the world turns against them. Amen. Praise the Lord. So that's wonderful. God bless you. God bless you today. And let's just bow our heads forward in prayer. Precious Jesus, again, Father, so very thankful that you're being with us today, Lord, in this service, knowing, God, that your word will not return void. We know that it accomplish that in us. Let it be to us, God, what you send it forth. Bless each one of us. Bless those who are streaming today, watching, could be a part of it in person, Lord. May you just continue to be with the Katie family, brother Dennis, brother Danny, Lord, and Arlene, their sister, God, their passing, their brother. Lord, may your hand just be upon them and comfort them, Lord. May you just be with each one of us, Lord. We just commit ourselves to you. We can see the things in the world, Lord, winding this time up, God, but we just want to fulfill the purpose, the place that you put us, God. Help us to do it, Lord. We commit it to you, God. Bless us now, God, as we go our separate ways. Keep us in your hands, Lord. Keep us protected and strengthen us. Bless us through the week, God, as we need you now more than ever. We commit ourselves in your hands. Bless your people now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you today. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
