################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-17 - 171225 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-17
Title:   171225 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2NdJcrn72g
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Baby. Heat. Heat. Amen. God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Just stand this evening as we open in a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads. Thank you our gracious heavenly father. Lord, that you were with us tonight, Lord, that we could come here knowing that you were sitting here, Lord Jesus, waiting for us, as we came in, Lord, and that you came with us, Lord. And that as we went through our day today, you were with us every step of the way, Lord. And that we never go anywhere without you, holding our hand, Lord. And Lord, I pray that as we've come expected to hear from you once again tonight, Lord, I just pray that you speak through the minister, Lord. Speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. Give us the mana for the week to come, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just want to pray that you you be with those that couldn't make it tonight. Be their portion, Lord. May your atmosphere surround them this evening, Lord. And Lord, I pray you bless the songs and the musicians as we play, Lord. May you play through them, Lord. And may your atmosphere feel welcome. I pray it in Jesus name. Amen. Are we up there or are we down here? TV's off. Okay, we'll start with uh verse one. Yes, that one. My mama read a story from the Bible long ago about Shadrach, Meack, and all the how the wicked king commanded they be thrown into the place because they were not bow and then deny their father's name. And mama said the king should upon a balcony so tall. When he looked in, he was shocked by all the things he saw because he thought that he would find it lying dead upon the ground. But instead of three, counted four. I'm walking all around. But I said, "Mama, wait a minute. There's one thing that I must know. If three women and three came out, they wet that man. And I never will forget it. Mama just across the floor. These are the words I heard her say while shouting through the door. Well, she said he's still in. And he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. And he gets to deliver by his almighty power. I live alone. It's good to know it's so now my friend, you made me destined to face life's hardest flame. But I'm glad that I can tell you through the power of his name. No one flame will touch you. You'll come through it and you'll tell yesterday. Today forever God is still alive and well. We still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name and he can still live upon mighty power. I'll leave alone. It's good to know he's still in. He's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when he calls upon his name that he can still live by. Almighty power is good glory to live by. Oh, I'll live long till we are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to sea and all the dives. Maybe there are ways to hinder. God will surely give us victory. Oh, sons of God, march forward in the power of the Savior's name. Sons of God, march forward. For Jesus is never your sons of God. March forward. We are more than conqueror than his name. Sons of God mar forward in the power of the Savior's name. We are able to up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to sea. And though the giants may be there our way to hinder, God will surely give us victory. Oh sons of God, march forward in the power of the Savior's name. Sons of God mar for Jesus is ever the same. Hallelujah. Son of God. We are more stronger than his name. Sons of God, mar in the power of the Savior's name. Sons of God, oh sons of God, marior. Son of God, march forward for Jesus ever. Sing hallelujah. March forward. We are more than conquerors in his name. Son of God, march forward in the power of the Savior's name. Amen. Excuse me. Let's just slow it down tonight. And there are two road you may say one by side and one by take the word of God. What you see, what you believe is what will be. So set your way to the winds of pain. You will fly to a higher place. Do not struggle. Who lives by grace sets your way to the winds of faith. Wash your feet. Wash your mind. Wash your mouth. I speak the word of God. And by you will move. Oh, you will. to set your way to end the day. You will find to a higher place to the struggle. It's by the way gra in the sky. He does not struggle. He does the strong the power then makes him rise already in the sky. So set your way to the winds of pain. You will fly to a higher place to our struggle. It's by grace. Set your way to the winds of grace. So set your way. victory to win the pain. You will love to a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by the rain. Set your way to the wind. Do those struggle. It's by grace. Set your way to the winds of pain. You guys can have your seats tonight. Um, we have a special from Snomi. I was listening to something and the person I was listening to, he mentioned first things first. and was like, "You need to sing that again." So that happened and then I was having a conversation with somebody a few minutes later and they brought up the same song and they were like, "You should sing that song again." So I thought, "Okay, I guess tonight's the night. Let's sing it again. All the things that I have held, dear, the vanity that whispered in my ear. What would I do if they all disappeared? Riches and fame and all that they could buy. I've come to find they never satisfy. What would I gain if my soul's a price? I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you and keep the first thing first. To live your truth, to walk your ways, set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first thing first. I give it all, my life in offering. My heart is yours, so have your way in me. Your kingdom's all I want to see. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. to keep the first thing first. To live your truth, to walk your ways, set my eyes, Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reverse to keep the first thing first. Oh, to keep the first thing first. All my desires reversed. To keep the first things first. Oh, first thing first. Oh, first things first. I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you to keep the first thing first. To live your truth, walk your ways, set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first things first. Oh, first thing first. All my desires reverse to keep the first thing first. God bless you, Naomi. Let's just stand this evening as we sing our last song before Father Ben comes. The blind have sight and death. The lame will walk the lost me. And with you I the dead I raise all through the power in Jesus name. The top five rest and the sick are here. And this mysteries are how God revealed. And now the truth can be proclaimed. All through the power in Jesus name. is the name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every evil will love and tongue gone away. No other name of my ways. We can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Dusty will thirsty. The hungry f and those who m are confident and the chains are broken that have been slain. So we're offered freedom in Jesus name. He is the name above our name. Savior and I walk. Every knee will bow and every tongue open. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. He's the name. is the name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every dark and all the names give us by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Cuz there is power. There is power. There is hope. There is love. There is forgiveness save from your face. All through the power of Jesus is there is power. There is power. There is all there is love like you never know. There is forgiveness and healing from your pain. All through the power of Jesus save is the name above our name. Savior and our every hero return. Though the name is giver which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thanks. Thanks brother Josh. Thank you musicians. I mean thanks N for the special. Amen. God bless you all. He is the name above all names. &gt;&gt; Every everything must bow to that name. &gt;&gt; It has no other choice. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. Uh let's go to the scripture tonight. We're going to go to just a short thought before we have a time of prayer. Um going to go to Revelations 22 and we're going to read three verses. Well, four verses here, but just interesting in Revelation. is the last chapter of the uh of the Bible where he where the Lord says, "I come quickly." And I think that's significant. So, we're just going to read here uh Revelations 227, then 12, 13, then 20, and 21. The Lord says here, "Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book." In verse 12, and behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me to give every man according as his work shall be. I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. In verse 20, he which testifith these things saith, surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come Lord Jesus. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. Amen. So, let's just bow heads in a word of prayer tonight as we approach approach that great lovely one, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Gracious Father, truly Lord, you have the name above all names and you have proven that in this day. Lord, we're so thankful for this, my God, that you have stepped out of history. And once again, Lord, as we bow our heads, we pray. Would you come among us? We invite you here into our presence. May you touch our lives, Lord. Not just those here, those who are streaming. And dear God, we just want to pray. May you move us into a channel of prayer that's no longer us praying, it's you praying through us. That's what we desire. We love you so much. We commit this service into your hands. We ask you'd anoint speaker and hear her one more time for your glory. Cover us cover us all in your blood in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats um tonight. And I I I just I just want to ask this question because he says, "Behold, I come quickly." Now, if you take, you know, how it says in Peter, first of second Peter, it says, "One day with God is a thousand years upon the earth." Okay? So if you if you took 70 years of earth time and you put it into God's time, it's an hour and 40 minutes. That's 70 years. So God's timing is real. Like we think it it's been 2,000 years. But that's that's just two days to him. You know, to him it was just two days ago he was crucified and resurrected. That was just the other day. To him that's what Monday if I could get that, you know, you know, Wednesday and Monday, right? It's just a few days ago. So time is really it's not much of something. But I just want to pose this question. If he says he's going to come quickly and we understand by prophecy that this is the day where he is coming, what would our lives be if we knew he was coming soon? What kind of life would we live? That's why I call this he's coming soon. And how would you be if you knew that? I'm just going to pose this question because we go through a lot of things in life. You know, there's a lot of pressure comes on us and especially in this day where the devils have been released out. You know, there's so much demon power upon the earth. Empty's been um hell has been emptied upon the earth in this day and there's a lot of pressure. There's a lot of battles. There's but you know and you you may be in the worst time of your life you've ever had. But what if you knew he was coming tomorrow for you? Wouldn't that give you a renewed hope? Wouldn't that give you a strength and a courage if you realized he's actually coming soon? You know, he's actually going to going to put an end to all this and he's going to take us where he is. And you know, this is a photo of um uh there's some prisoners of war, allied prisoners of war. They're in Stalag 11b and it's in Germany. And you know, but look at their faces. They've been liberated. 16th of April, 1945, they're being liberated. Now, if you could imagine now as believers, I just want to use this analogy of the prison of war camp in one way that we're trapped in time. Okay? But if you're in Christ, you're free from the devil and all of his works, but you're trapped in time. Okay? So, we're subject to this flesh. The enemy tries to dominate us, all these things. So, I'm not saying we're prisoners to the enemy. Okay? So, I hope I just kind of make that kind of clear, right? We're not. We're free. Okay? But there's a time when you know this the the prison of war camp to me is exactly like this world in the fact that no one wants to be there. People are unhappy if you're confined and you're you're under guard and you don't have you know you know you don't want to be there. You want to go home, right? And there's a yearning within our souls. We want to go be with the Lord. Amen. We want to go. Amen. We don't want to stay here. We we know we're here for a purpose. So we're happy. You know, we're here because God is going to have his will. So we just continue walking on. But really, if we had our way, the rapture would have been a long time ago. We get in, okay, let's go home now, Lord. We're done. You know, but we're here, okay? We're here. But we're we've heard a call. I'm coming soon. Liberation is coming. I mean, when the when the devil is thrown into the lake of fire, and you know, well, before that, we're going to the wedding supper and all those things, but there's a rapture for the church that we're actually in the middle of, that we are living in a great resurrection season. But if this was so real to us, how do you think we would be? Like you look at those men there. They're being liberated. They're happy. They're still behind the gate. But I find it interesting. They control that gate, &gt;&gt; right? But they're happy. They're not down. They're not disheartened. Like their morale is very high. You know, they're very happy. But maybe before this, they would have been discontented. Why are we in this prison of war camp? And I want to go home and when's this all going to be over? We heard that the you know, we we've heard we're winning. When when are we going to when's the victory going to be complete? Right? It's like we know we've won the war because Jesus Christ conquered hell, death, and the grave on Calvary. But when is this whole plan of redemption going to be wound up? When can we go to be with the Lord? Isn't that Isn't that really what we think, right? When when, Lord, we're in 2025 and we're going to go into 2026 and how long are we going to keep walking in this world, Lord? When is the end going to come? And you see, but you see, they finally receive word and then maybe before they even hear that they're going to be liberated, you know, their their guards would have become more agitated, more more stressed, more worried because their because they've heard that their side is losing and you know that, you know, you know, they would have become more agitated and more troubled and maybe a lot shorter tempers and maybe more cruer to their to their prisoners. It's the same thing, you know, the devil, you know, we know in Revelations 12 and 12 that as he is cast down, he has great wrath because he knoweth he has but a short time. And we understand by the message of the hour that when the bride goes up, when we go up, Satan comes down as incarn incarnate as the beast, right? But he knows he's just got a short time. His time is coming and he knows it and he's angry about it, right? So, so the guards, you know, would have been more agitated eventually. Maybe they would have fled. I don't know what would have happened, but you know, their behavior really shows that liberation's coming. And the more the devil kicks against you, fights against you, causes trouble in your life, you're going to realize liberation's coming. The rapture is coming. He's getting more agitated. He's getting more stressed. He's trying to throw every trick in the book at you, trying to get you to quit. Amen. But there's something within you, amen, that you cannot quit. And I tell you what, friends, if you just realize you may be in the worst part of your walk that you've ever going through right now, but if you just realize he's coming soon. I mean, there's going to come an end to the trial. There's going to come an end to the, you know, maybe you just feel so disheartened thinking, what's the point of even trying to serve God? But if you knew he was coming for you, I mean, that would change your entire life, I believe. Amen. And so the enemy is trying to do everything he can to make us quit but and you know trying to make us give up, trying to make us be discouraged and even try and make us ask the question, can we really trust God? I tell you, he's coming for you. He's coming for you. Not to put you into a lake of fire, but to take you to a wedding supper. Amen. That's why he's coming. As the Lord Jesus would say in John 14:1-6, "Let not your hearts be troubled. Ye believe in God, believe also in me. and my father's house are many mansions. If were not so, I would have told you, I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. And whether I go, you know, and the way you know. And Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whether thou goest, and how can we know the way? Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the Father but by me. He's prepared a place for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he's come again to receive us unto himself. That's what this message does is actually Christ receiving his bride to himself. Amen. That he says where I am there you will be also. It's not where we are in this in this realm. Amen. But in but in the heaven of heavens. Amen. But what has he done? He's reached he's he sent his word upon the earth. And we understand that he is his word. So where his word is is it's exactly the same as him physically being there. Maybe you're sick, you know, like the centurion. The centurion, you know, Jesus was going to come and lay hands on his servant and, you know, pray for him that he'll be well. But the centurion said, "Lord, I'm not worthy that you come under my roof. Just speak the word only and my servant will be well." And he had a revelation that all Jesus need to do was speak the word. And it was exactly the same as him physically going into his house, touching the servant, praying for him. It was exactly the same thing. And that's gentile faith. Amen. So where God's word is, he is present cuz he is his word. Amen. So he's come, I mean, to receive us unto himself. And he said, and and the reason we're being received is because we have a mansion waiting over yonder. Maybe about this tall, maybe a bit taller, depending on your stature of your eternal body, right? But you've got a mansion. Amen. You've got a theophony. You've got a eventually a glorified body. You you've got it waiting for you already. And and the reason you have it, I mean I mean the reason you're received is because you have that. What if you knew that today is the day? Well, the Bible says no man knoweth the day or the hour. That is true. But Jesus said the seasons that this would happen. He said as in the days of Lot, which is the days of Sodom and Gomorrah, so shall the coming of the son of man be. In the days of Noah, you know, population increase. there's you know sexual uh you know there's marriage remarage there's violence all these things going on in the days of Noah all those things happening these things have been repeated in this day he said it would be like you know there'll be the servants and that like a like a lord or a master goes away and tells his servants to occupy and gives them talents and these things and you know there's you know one that would bury their talent and there'd be you know different parable where where where one of the servants says the lord delays his coming gets drunk with the world and begins to smite his fellow servant servants and then in a time that that servant thought not, the king comes back and deals with that servant. And it's the same thing. People have said there's a delay. He's not coming. The expectation seems to be diminishing because time is going on. But to the bride of Jesus Christ, I believe that expectation is greater. Amen. On a personal level, it's far greater now than ever has been. And now since you begin to walk with God, I believe I pray that it means more to you to think, I'm going home soon. &gt;&gt; He's coming. The dead in Christ are going to raise and we're going to know them. There's going to be seven church ages raised and we're going to have fellowship with them all for about 40 days. Our bodies are going to be changed and we're going to meet all the martyrs. We're going to meet Paul. We're going to meet all the believers down through the ages. We're going to meet those who've gone on before us. Amen. And then our bodies going to be changed. We're going to be caught up together to meet the Lord in the air. We're living in that season. &gt;&gt; We're living in that season. And you say, "Well, people have preached for, you know, people have been under that expectation for 2,000 years." Yes, they have. Amen. But we are the generation which are alive and remain. Amen. That will, Amen. not taste death. &gt;&gt; Amen. But God's going to change these bodies. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Wouldn't that be wonderful? &gt;&gt; He's coming for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's coming for you. He's on your trail. And it's not to drag you to judgment. No, he took your judgment on Calvary. He's here to change your body. Amen. He's he But he's coming for you. And we got to realize we're not here just to, you know, you know, we there will come an end. There will come an end. What if you knew that it was going to happen tomorrow in terms of all the burdens you carry and the struggles and the mind battles? I think all those things really wouldn't matter &gt;&gt; because the Lord is going to change you because remember our souls are redeemed. If you really know Christ, your soul has been redeemed. Your body's just got to catch up to your soul. So what's happened in your soul is going to come into your spirit and change your human spirit and change your body. Until that moment, we still have the same human spirit, same human body. So you're subject to mind battles, complexes, whatever, all those things. But none of those things change your eternal destination if you're sealed to the day of your redemption by the Holy Ghost. None of those things change your salvation. &gt;&gt; So why don't we put them So why don't we take that mountain and make it just a molehill? It's really not that big. If you really realize, you know, if just say literally, we never saw Christmas, but tomorrow we're all gone. You, you know, I think sometimes we think, why did we worry so much? &gt;&gt; Why do we let those enemies, let those problems and those things that, why did we let it occupy our mind so much? &gt;&gt; Cuz he's coming for us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. And he'd say in questions answers uh 64 he say and remember Isaac left the tent and was standing out in the field meditating in the late afternoon. Amen. When he saw Rebecca coming and he had never saw him and he never saw her and it was love at the first sight. She fell in love with him and he with her and she was even veiled. Amen. Oh my. And look when she seen him her heart was so full of joy. She didn't know who she she was going to marry but by faith. Amen. And remember, Jesus will leave the kingdom and we'll not meet him in glory. We'll meet him in the air between heavens and the earth where it's expanded to redeem us. And he met Rebecca in the middle between her home and his home. So heaven has expanded. Amen. To meet us that we'll meet him in the air. He's coming for us. We're living in the season. Amen. We are not waiting for, you know, it's not I don't believe it won't it won't be 100 years. Well, what if it is? I'm going to look him for him every day. Amen. &gt;&gt; But what if it is tomorrow? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. But then all the cares of life really don't matter. &gt;&gt; Uh you know, if you're sealed, if you know the Lord and the power of his his resurrection, if you really have the Holy Ghost, what matters? I'm going. &gt;&gt; If you don't know him, I encourage you make sure you know him. &gt;&gt; He's He's worth meeting more than anything. Amen. I'll be see we should we should always stand in that with that idea that we should be prepared at all times cuz he could come. That's glorious. Brother would be told you're scaring the people saying things like that. He says no it's the most glorious thing to the believer. I'm going to see my Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm going to see the one who purchased my salvation. I'm going to see my redeemer, my husband, my lover, my king, my all in all. It's going to be a wonderful meeting. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now wait. How do you know? How do you know he's he's coming for you? Well, I'm glad I asked the question on your behalf. Okay, cuz it's a good question because this is more than just pie in the sky. This is more than a pipe dream or whatever. Just a nice idea. This is a reality cuz God has sent evidence after evidence, sign after sign that he's coming for you and I. Amen. Even even the you know we would we would receive the uh seal of God the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the Bible says that this is the earnest or the down payment of our salvation. So if you have met the Lord he's basically telling you I'm coming for you. Amen. If he's given you a heart to receive his word he's basically telling you I'm coming for you. I mean 1100 odd messages 66 books in the Bible. What is he telling you? I'm coming for you. Amen. I'm coming to carry you away. That's the whole purpose of my, you know, the ambition of my existence is to redeem a people back to myself. Amen. So, even if you've been healed, you know, healing, divine healing is just a small taste of what the of what the change in the body will be. Amen. You look at, you know, you know, with healing or there's sickness in your body, there's some maybe damaged cells or a sickness running through your body. What does God do? He changes that disease and he makes the body new like he did with Lazarus. You know, I know it's an extreme case, but he was four days in the grave. He was already rotting and decaying. But but Jesus said, "I am the resurrection and the life and he called Lazarus forth by name." And if he didn't call him by name, there would have been a general resurrection. And what happened? But that, you know, Lazarus did not come back to life in a decaying body or even a sick body. He came back in a healthy, strong, and well body. But Jesus was saying, "I am the resurrection." And he proved it. And he was showing Lazarus, Lazarus, I'm coming for you. Mary and Martha, I'm coming for you and I'm going to show you cuz I'm going to do a miracle in your life to prove I'm the resurrection. Now, it's the same thing with sickness. It's just a it's just an am you, you know, a small down payment of the fact that God can heal us. But then he that's but the biggest divine healing that's ever going to happen in the history of the world is when these bodies become eternal. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's going to be one great sweep. Amen. And it's going to be God and his sovereignty going to change this mortal to immortality. Amen. But if God's ever healed you, what is he telling you? I'm coming for you. Amen. That's why I've healed you. Cuz I want you to know, Amen. that you're not just going to have a little bit of a healing of a maybe an organ or something that's damaged that be whole or a back or whatever it is. I'm going to do more than that. I'm going to change your complete body that you can never get sick again. Amen. I'm going to make my make your body like the condition of your soul is. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, there's going to be one great Amen. one great move of divine healing which will be the change of our body. But I tell you, if he's ever healed you or or or you know, you know someone who's been healed, God is telling you, I'm coming for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Even even for the even for the um if I can find it here. Even for the fact, you know, we were we were once dead in trespasses and sins, we were dead. Amen. Whether you like it or not, you're born in a dead spiritual condition. But what did God do? He brought a resurrection. He brought life. I mean, once we're dead in trespasses and sins. Amen. But he but but he has quickened us. Which means make us alive. Amen. If you've been made alive in Christ, he's basically he's telling you, I'm coming for you. Amen. I'm proven. I've done this in your soul. I'm going to do it for you in complete being. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I think we can rejoice. &gt;&gt; Amen. this, you know, tonight we can realize he's coming for me. I mean, he's already got a hold of my soul and he's not going to do one-third of a job. He's going to do a complete job of soul, spirit, and body. Praise the Lord. Well, how else do I know that he's he he's alive and he's coming for me? Brother Brown would speak about that unseen realm. It's very mysterious really, if you think about it. I've well I I can't really say. I've seen a vision. I've seen some things, but you know, I you know, it's not like I you know, I can stand here like the prophet of God and say, "Now there's a pillar of fire there and here he is and seeing visions and all those things." I'm not built that way. Okay? But the thing is and and so he says he says um here he's speaking about healing and different things. He says, "Now remember he's uh what he's already done he cannot do again." And what is that? He's purchased our healing and our salvation in its completeness. See, he put it in completely from his reach. Now he's put it in your reach. He's done all he can do. Is that right, Minister? See, there isn't a thing he can do about it. It's out of his reach. It's in your reach. For he was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. See? See? It's out of his reach. But it's But he's brought it to your reach. It's in your reach now. It was put there for you. He just point to where it was. Say, "Well, if uh it's always been a puzzle to me. Really, the truth is, does he still live?" Or I could put you I could change it. But is he really coming to get me? Okay. Certainly he lives. That's this you're bumping into all the time. What are you bumping into? It's actually you're bumping into him. &gt;&gt; Amen. You feel condemned. You feel blessed. God begins to inspire you. He begins to direct your thoughts, counsel you. You know, he begins to deal with your life. That's actually heaven bumping into you. Amen. It's like you can't see him, but he can see you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's actually because remember that dimension is just here. Heaven isn't a million miles away. It's just running at a faster speed just above us here. It's right here. And the Lord reaches in, touches your life, condemn you, convicts you, tells you to make things right, blesses you, gives you inspiration, gives you strength, anoints the word. I mean, anoints a song to you. What's that? You're bumping into him. Or he's actually bumping into you. And he always does it very deliberately. He doesn't do it haphazardly. Oh, sorry. Sorry. That was an accident. No, he does it very deliberately. Amen. But what is that now? He's actually telling you, "I'm coming for you." Amen. You feel the anointing flow and you just feel so blessed in his presence. He's basically telling you, I'm going to repeat this. I'm coming for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And soon it's not going to just be a bump and a bump. It's just going to be a permanent contact and you're going to be gone. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. See what's that makes you believe? That's him. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may not be able to open your eyes and see him because he's in spirit form, the invisible God, but he dwells among a visible people, making himself visible by his promised word in that people. Do you understand that now? Praise the Lord. I'm so glad for that. Amen. So maybe let's just I'm just going to wind this down here very just with this question again. What would life be like? Because we know one day it's going to happen. &gt;&gt; But what if that promise became a lot more real, a lot more personal? That this message came to give you rapturing faith. Brother Ram says, "If you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're ready for the rapture &gt;&gt; because the rapture is within you." So what if what if you're like these soldiers here where you hear he's helpers coming, liberation's coming and then our liberation's here. What would that do to you? I tell you what, this message has come to tell you liberation is here. You're living in the season of the change of the change of the by the dead in Christ raising. I pray this is very real to us all &gt;&gt; as we go into this holiday season. I might speak about on Sunday, but I'm thinking about what's the effects of God's wrap gift. &gt;&gt; What has it done? What is it doing? It's doing great things. Transforming power, healing, liberation, redemption. All's it for cuz he's telling you, I'm coming for you. And it's not to condemn you. It's not to throw you aside. It's not to leave you empty. It's that he's going to carry you from this world to the next world. We're going to be gone. &gt;&gt; So, while we're going through this life, let's just rejoice. &gt;&gt; He's coming. This is not the end. Whatever you're going through, it's not the end. God's the answer to all things. We can trust him. &gt;&gt; He's coming for you. And soon we'll be gone. Amen. Can we have the musicians, please? Tonight I just wanted to speak briefly on those things. But I just pray you know this this is right there. We're right there. Amen. Let's um let's stand, shall we? Can we sing that song? Uh he's a miracle working God. But just any day know now my Lord is coming. I trust you're watching and waiting. You say I'm afraid. You don't have to be afraid. You don't need to fear. There should be such a joy. Thank you, Lord. You purchased my salvation. You've changed my life. I encourage you if you if this is idle tales to you, ask the Lord to change it to be a reality. You'll see him do it. Amen. So, let's just sing this. Then we're going to go through the prayer request and have a time of prayer. Amen. You ready? No matter what I see, no matter what I hear, no matter what I feel, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look at it, it seems like it's broken. Halleluah. Halleluah. On the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. Then if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working. God's miracle working whenever I'm weary in the middle of the night and I can see a light I believe whenever I'm hurting and the tears they fall through it Oh, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look, it seems like it's over. Halleluah. Halleluah. On the altar because he's a miracle. Yes. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating. Promise keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. Yes. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. Then if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. Amen. He sure is, isn't he? Praise the Lord. You can have your seats tonight. Um, so we got a couple of prayer requests. Uh the first is prayer request. &gt;&gt; No matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. Got a miracle working.
