################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - 0204-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-02
Title:   0204-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVmmLDZFASg
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening and open in a word of prayer. [Music] Lord Jesus, I just pray, Lord Jesus, and say thank you, Lord Jesus, that you're with us tonight, Lord. And Lord, I just want to pray that you help us, Lord, to relax in your presence this evening, Lord Jesus, as we've all come, Lord Jesus, expected to hear from you, Lord Jesus, once again, Lord. And Lord, I pray that this wouldn't just be a weekly meetup, Lord Jesus. That we've put in our books, Lord Jesus, as a routine, Lord, but that we'd come, Lord Jesus, to meet you, the living God, Lord Jesus. And that it would be more than just sitting in a pew, Lord Jesus, and listening to someone speak, Lord, but that it would be life coming forth, Lord Jesus, to us, Lord, and that we would receive it, Lord. Lord, I just pray with whoever is bringing the message this evening. Lord, I pray that you be with them and speak through them, Lord. Use them as a vessel, Lord Jesus. And Lord, those that couldn't make it tonight, be their portion, Lord. May you be with them wherever they are, Lord. And Lord, I pray you be with us tonight, Lord Jesus. And thank you that we could all make it, Lord Jesus. It's a blessing in itself that we could be here, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that we wouldn't take that for granted, Lord. I pray it in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Yeah, let's start with chorus. Oh my. Oh, when the morning comes, it's when all the saints of God are gathered on, we will tell a story of power over God. For we'll understand it better by and by. Oh by and by, by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. Who will understand it better by? We are often destitute of the things that life commands want food and want shelter thirsty hills and barren plans. We are trusting in the Lord and according to God's word we will understand it better by oh by and by oh when the morning come when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story of powerful or will understand it better by time on any hand that we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he guides us with his eyes and we'll follow till we die. Oh, will I understand it better by Oh, by and by, by and by. Oh, when the morning come. When all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how God come. For we'll understand it better by God. For temptations it says often take us unawares and our hearts are made to please for some good word or de and we wonder why it says when we try to do our best but we'll understand it better by and by by and I when the morning come true when all the saints of God are gathered all we will sell the soaring all our overcome for we'll understand it better by all the fail disappointments have prevailed and we hungered in the darkness, heavy hearted and alone. But we're trusting in the Lord and according to his word, we will understand it better by. Oh, by and by, by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story. Oh, how we've overcome. Oh, we'll understand it better by mouth. We've been to driven round on the restless sea of time. Summer skies and howling temps of bright sunshine. In that land of perfect day with the missile away we will understand it better by by and by by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered all, we will tell the story. Oh, how we overcome. Oh, we'll understand it better by. Oh, by and by, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered all, we will tell the story of how we overcome. Oh, we'll understand it better by I'll fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away in the morning. I won't die. Halleluah. My way. I'll fly my way. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. My highway. Oh, son glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly [Music] away for a home. Oh, on God's celestial soul. I find away. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh glory I find way in the morning I wonder [Music] my [Music] way the shadow long as I go I'll fly away. Oh, I go from prison as home. I fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. [Music] I'll fly my way. I won't die. Hallelu my way. [Music] us for all weary days and then I'll fly my way for to land with joy and delivery away. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh [Music] glory away in the morning I won't die. Hallelu and I fly away. Just the voices now. Oh fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. Oh, I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly [Music] away. We should slow it down tonight. [Music] I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. And from the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. I love you, [Music] Lord. For your mercy never fails me in all my days. I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life, all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your [Music] voice. You have led me through the fire, the darkest night. You a ghost like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life, all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I amable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God and your goodness. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. me with my life laid down. I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after it's running after me. Your goodness. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. the sun off to me with my life laid down. I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running off to me. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. With every breath that I am able. Amen. Praise God. Thank you musicians. Amen. God bless you all tonight. Good to see everyone out here on this prayer service. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good. Yeah. Good to be in the house of God as always. Amen. Let's uh let's turn in the scripture to 1 Corinthians 9 and verses 24- 27. This may be a bit of a Sunday school lesson, but I know it's not Sunday, but we're having a lesson. So, 1 Corinthians 9:24-27. Um, won't keep you too long, I don't think, tonight. Um, says here says, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize, so run that ye may obtain. And every man that striveth for the mastery is tempered in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we and incorruptible. I therefore so run not as uncertainly so fight I not as one that beatth the air, but I keep under my sorry but I keep under my body and bring it into subjection least that by any means when I have preached to others I myself should be a cast away. Amen. May the Lord bless reading of his word. Let's just open a word of prayer um tonight. Amen. Let's pray together. Gracious Lord, we can truly look back on our lives and see it's your goodness, Lord, that's been running after us, Lord. Truly, all of our lives, Lord, you have been faithful. There's been times we have not been faithful, but yet you remain faithful. And we thank you for your faithfulness, Lord. I just ask as we've read your word, may you anoint uh anoint your word to our hearts, Lord. May you anoint speaker and hear, Lord. Those who are streaming, Lord, may be everyone's portion tonight. We need more of you, Lord. We've gathered here in the middle of the week, Lord, to uh to receive of you, Lord God, that you would increase our faith, Lord. Give us a real spiritual boost, Father, for the rest of the week. We love you, Lord. We just want to worship you and praise you, and we surrender our whole lives into your hands for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats uh tonight. So I want to speak about I was going to title this work uh works as faith expressed but um I really want to talk about you know there's always a question about well it's the grace of God that saves us and truly it's the grace of God that keeps us so what do we have to do with it? Well you get in you get out what you put in right so salvation's settled right salvation is of the Lord. Amen. We can't save ourselves. Not one of us could save the other. I couldn't save myself. None of us could. So God's grace reached down. Amen. Purchased our salvation, redeemed us and called us to his side through the word. But now really the question is, how much victory do you want in your life? This is really where I want to go because um I pray that by now all the fear of being lost has been driven out of our hearts. Right? We no longer fear that we're not going to make it, but we know we're going to make it because he's revealed to us that we're there, right? Our names on the Lamb's Book of Life. I trust it's been anchored in our hearts. Amen. And if it hasn't been, I pray God does that for you tonight. Amen. That you know you're there. Amen. Like John when he when you know when the lamb took the book, you know, and he uh you know, John begin to rejoice in all heaven and under heaven, you know, the earth, everything heard him praise God and everything. And brother Bram said, "Well, John must look past the curtain of time and said, "Old John made it." Amen. So he had a real jubilee. So So he saw that he made it. Amen. I believe that we have seen the same thing. God's given us a revelation that we are one of his. So now, but we don't want to run this race haphazardly. Amen. As as the apostle Paul would say this, he doesn't run as uncertainly. He, you know, he knows he knows his end destination. He knows where he's going to end up. And he's saying that we should run. So just said this first verse here. Know you not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize, so run that you may obtain. So we're not, you know, I don't believe any of us are here tonight just for a participation award. You know, this world is full of particip participation awards, all these things, but we're we're running to win. Amen. We're we're we're running to win. Amen. This is not a fun run. This is a matter of life or death, but we want to win. Amen. And I believe if you know everyone who uh you know those who compete on the world stage, I don't believe they go just to be part of it. Amen. I believe they go to to to do the best they can but to ultimately win the prize. Now you think of those top three runners in the world because they've been you know h I don't know when the Olympics is. It'll come up when it is but you know but but but there's various track competitions leading up to the Olympics. So it's not every four years they meet together but there's different indoor championships outdoor in different places and you know people's timings are recorded they see their progress and you know you know there comes a point where it sinks into the runners they could win the gold that that that this Olympics could be their Olympics or maybe they won the last one but they're still on track to to to remain undefeated. So they don't they don't just just walk through life haphazardly now saying well I know I can. They put their faith into action and everyone sees their faith because they believe they're going to win. One of the biggest ways to lose in any competition is believe you can't win. Doesn't matter how good you are on paper, if you don't have faith in your own ability. Now, this is just natural man now, right? If they don't believe they can win, they won't win. But there's a team that has faith in themselves. I mean, some of the greatest coaches have ever been have told their have had told their teams, maybe it's halftime, maybe it's, you know, the end of, you know, like, you know, the buzz is about to go in basketball, few more seconds on the clock, whatever, and they have a huddle, you know, that that coach instills in them, you're going to win. You're champions now. Get out there and prove it. Amen. You can do it. He doesn't tell them how useless they are. They say, no, you can do it. Amen. And so, so it it it it puts a faith in them that they can win the game. Amen. friends. If there was ever a people who have faith that they've won the game, it's you and I. Amen. So if that is a revelation now, I believe our works are our life. Because remember, brother Bram, you know, brought out so well in works is faith expressed. He says faith is what God sees and your works or your life is what man sees. And we don't do works to get into heaven or even get any kind of reward system with God. He doesn't have a reward system. No. He purchased our salvation on Calvary. Now, every redemptive blessing is yours. The devil's going to try and stop you obtaining it, but it's yours. Now, if it's mine, I want it. Right? So, it's like the guy who can win the gold. If it's his, he wants it. You know, he's not just going to casually prepare. He's going to put everything within him into it cuz he knows he's going to stand on the podium or he's got odds he's going to stand there. Friends, we don't have odds. We have concrete 100%. You're going to get there. Amen. By the word of God. Praise the Lord. So now James would say here, he says, "Oh vain man, that faith without works is dead. Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar. Seth thou how faith wrought with his works? And by works was faith made perfect, and the scripture was fulfilled which saith Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness, and he was called the friend of God." You see then how that by works a man is justified, not by faith only. Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works when she had received the messengers and sent them out the other way. For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. So your faith will be lived out of you. Amen. It'll be lived out of you. And that is the works that people see. I think sometimes we need a glossery term. What I mean by works, when I say works, I don't mean that you work your way into anything. No, you believe it and you receive it. Amen. And like I say quite often, you know, you know, uh, you know, everything is all the Lord. So, what can we do? Now, some people can take that and actually sit back and say, well, if there's nothing I can do, what's the point? But when you realize it's all the Lord, you surrender yourself to his word. Then you let him do it. Right? Then then your faith you receive goes into action. Now, there's a there's a principle in the scripture where it says, "Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever man shall um seweth, that shall he also reap. For he that sweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, but he that sweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. So it's what you put in is what you're going to get out. Now we know we're we are uh the believer becomes actually a dual person. There's a natural part and there's a spiritual part, right? And we know which one is stronger, the spiritual part, right? But it's what you surrender yourself to is what's going to lead you. Amen. So, so what you sow to, that's what you're going to reap. Okay? So, now the Holy Ghost feeds on the word of God. Amen. Feeds on the word of God. This engine of the Holy Ghost cannot blow a gasket. It can't be flooded. It can't pop a valve. You can feed it and feed it and feed it with the word of God and you watch it come to life. Amen. So, if you want to see God live more in your life, feed the Holy Ghost within you. That's why it's so important when you have an experience in the Lord, feed that experience. Amen. Don't just keep it fresh in your mind what happened. Feed it on the word of God. Amen. Because we got to take our experiences with us. Amen. So maybe years ago, God touched your life and it was God. Feed that experience. Amen. Take the word and feed it because the Holy Ghost, brother, brother Bram says, doesn't feed on creed. It's like a I shouldn't say it, but I'm going to say it. It's like a fussy kid. They don't like some things. I like some things, right? The Holy Ghost will only feed on the word. He won't stand creeds. He won't stand dogmas or nice ideas. He only wants pure word of God. And I'm so thankful now that we have a pure seven seal course meal, amen, for the Holy Ghost within us to feed upon. Amen. So, if you want to see God move in your life and you want to see the carnal side of you be subject, as Paul would say, let the Holy Ghost rule. Well, how do you let him rule? Feed it. Amen. Amen. Don't starve them. Don't put them on a diet. Amen. This, you know, it's a time of fat diets. I think, no, I want a balanced fullc course meal. I want my carbs with some veggies with some salad with some meat. I want the whole deal. Amen. Bread on the side, butter and everything. I want everything. So, I want from Genesis 1:1 to the end of Revelations. I want 1947 to 1965. I want the whole word that's been revealed. Amen. I don't want to just live off, I don't know, garnish. It doesn't cut it for me. It doesn't cut it for the uh Holy Ghost either. He wants to be fed. Amen. So, you find yourself in a real, you know, carnal fussy, just start feeding on the word and watch him take over. Amen. Amen. So it's like you know when when when man would you know when man is birthed into the kingdom there comes these like two natures in him. There's the white dog and the black dogs. There's the Holy Ghost. There's the carnal side. And brother Bram would would would um he would speak about how he went to a uh Indian reservation. There's a chief and the chief received the Holy Ghost and um he would speak about how you so for instance Jesus made a statement and a promise the inside man says it's true. So there's always this battle going on. But we got to realize the Holy Ghost is greater than your flesh. Amen. Did he not bring this flesh into subjection when he begin to brood over your life? He wasn't even in you yet. He began to call you and brood over your life and moments of time he had come be very near and he be to draw and he begin to deal with you and and what did you do? You surrendered this to the word of God. You came to the altar and just surrendered yourself completely. Maybe in a like me in a library or in my in my flat at uni wherever you know or maybe at an altar at a camp you what you you brought this guy forward and you gave him you surrendered your heart everything to the Lord then you took him to the waters of baptism. Amen. Then you bring him to church. You bring him to read the Bible. You bring him to listen to the message. This guy will thank you one day when he's changed. Remember this guy is not converted. So this guy is lazy. He doesn't want to serve God. But the Holy Ghost that was even more dominant than this one is just brooding over you is now on the inside of the inside of you. That force is far greater than this guy. That's right. Amen. Because there's something in a believer when you get a bit carnal, you feel a bit distant, that you know that black dog begins to rise a bit. You just don't feel right. And you say, "I'm not meant to be like this. I do not like this." Amen. I don't like this. You say, "Lord, kill that guy. He'll be changed." Amen. He'll be changed. But you see, it's never You got to realize these two powers are not equal strength. The white one's far greater than the black. Amen. The Holy Ghost is far greater than our carnal nature. Amen. And we want we want the we want the Holy Ghost to rule, but it all depends which one you feed. So, I'm just going to go back to this. The inside man says that's true. The outside man reasons that it um that it can't be true to you. So you got to realize when you hear a promise of God, something in you says yes, but then reasoning comes in behind it, but it can't be for you. That's the black dog speaking. That's not even the real you speaking. This guy is not the real you. Your soul is the real you. Brother said that you've never we've never actually seen one another before cuz we're just in this house that needs a transformation. I was going to say renovation. It needs more than that. Needs more than a paint job. That's for sure. Some new shingles on the roof. It needs a hole. Needs a fire and a change. Amen. But you see, but Amen. But you just then ignore the outside man and accept the inside man. Amen. So ignore the reasoning and just take God at his word. That's the same thing Paul's speaking of. He sold under the law to count all sin. Every one of us is the same. That's the reason we have troubles. We do have married four or five times this and that and all kinds of sin, adulteries, everything else along in our lives is because of those things. We're carnal and that part must perish. But then inside we're a spirit man, soul inside. That's faith in God's word. Then we bring our outside body under subjection to the word by faith by accepting what God said. It's really that simple. It's not mind over matter. It's just by accepting what God said, you'll bring this guy into subjection to the word of God. Amen. Amen. I'm glad it's like that. Amen. Somebody um told me he had one time was converted, received the Holy Ghost, said to him, "How you getting along?" Says to this Indian chief now, he said, "Pretty good, pretty bad." He said, "Well, how um how do you mean pretty good and pretty um pretty bad and pretty good?" He said, "Well, since me received the Holy Ghost," he said, "There's been two dogs in me. One of them is a black dog. The other one's a white dog. They argue all the time. They growl and fight at one another." And said, "The white dog wants me to do good. The black dog wants me to do bad." Said, "Well, chief, which one of them wins the fight?" Says that that depends on which one chief feeds the most. Amen. The black one should be should be so emaciated. I want to run this race, man. I want to win. Amen. Because remember, we're just seeing what the best lap time we can get now. Amen. How many victories we can God can give us in our lives. I mean, how many testimonies how much God can prove his word. That's really that's really what we're running with now. Amen. Amen. Remember the score is settled on you at Calvary. I remember um um what was it? Um Sister Val, I think Christine was saying about Sister Val remembered Sister Val Smith, she's gone on to be with the Lord. But she was a little girl when World War II finished and she remembers the day when the announcement was victory in Europe and then victory in in the Pacific and everyone just quit work. Brother B talks about it. The feeling that just came over the whole country. It's done. It's settled. No more fighting. No more no more sending our young people to war. No more getting letters back killed in action, wounded in action, missing an action. No more strife. It's done. Everything we've been striving to achieve is done. And just the peace that settled over and the jubilation. And brother Ram says that's nothing compared to the our victory day. I mean that day on Calvary when the war between God and man was settled. Amen. That day when Jesus bowed head said it is finished. Amen. There was there was peace now between God and man. And oh what a feeling it is. Amen. To recognize there's no more strife between us and God no more. He settled that day on Calvary. So, we're not fighting against God. We're not we're not emnity with him at all. We're on we're on his side and now we're just walking or rather running to see all the victories we can gather. Amen. Don't you want to carry a lot of testimonies out of this world of what God did in your life? Not what you did, what God did, what the white dog did in your life. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I think we should feed feed the white one. See, it depends. He Sorry. He says, he says, I think that's a good answer. See, there just depends on the waring of the body that's in you. It depends on which one you cater to, which nature you cater to. The carnal nature after the things of the world or the spiritual nature after the things of God, that does it. Amen. Now says in now this world is so geared for entertainment and fun. I'm sure this is not a strange uh uh thought for me to say that this this world is so geared toward you know and and I even think it's possibly the wrong I think I heard someone say this I'm not sure but you know we even engineer our children when they're young we say how was you know was how was school today was it fun you know was it fun at kindergarten you know was this fun did you enjoy this and and and it should be fun at that age cuz it's mostly playing right but But we kind of engineer our society that things if it's fun, it's good. If it's not fun, it's bad. And and I'm going to avoid the not fun stuff. I'm just going to do the fun stuff. That's just pandering to this guy. Cuz life is not always fun. Life is not always entertaining. Amen. If you come here for entertainment, you should find yourself somewhere else. I don't think this is very But you see, we don't come to church to be entertained. We come here to worship God, right? A like work is work. It's not always fun. It's not always entertaining. It's not always interesting, you know. But we can't we can't just be going just for entertaining things because otherwise we'll just be feeding the black dog. And that's why the apostle Paul would say, "If you then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, which Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on the things of the earth." Now, this affectionist means to exercise the mind, entertain or have a sentiment or opinion. Amen. It means to be disposed or intensely interested in something. I'm just paraphrasing this. So, what are your affections on? See, the devil wants our affections to be on the wrong thing. He wants our affections to be on feeding the black dog. But we're in a race. Amen. We're in a race. What if we set our affections, and I'm not saying you don't. I believe you are. But what if you set your affections on things above? What could happen? What could happen in our little lives in this little church here? Amen. If we if we allow God to to completely take over take over our lives like never before. What could happen? Could be an incredible thing. Brother Bram says in perfect strength by perfect weakness. I've often said the greatest enemy our God is William Brandom. He's the one that gets in God's way. He's the one that gets lazy. He's the one that gets to a place sometimes where he thinks he can do something about it. And when he does, that shoves God right out of the picture. But when I can get rid of that guy, then I get to a place where he is out of the way. Then God can come over and do things that William Brandham knows nothing about. That's when God can use you. That's when he can use any of you. He can use anybody. When we get when we get out of the way, but as long as we get ourselves in the way, then we cannot. All right? So, what does it mean to get yourself in the way? Well, you know, you just pandered to the black dog. That's getting in the way, right? But if you let the Lord live, then naturally you've got to get out of the way to let him live. Amen. Now remember, we're in a race. Praise the Lord. Amen. To now this, as we said, this world is a world of entertainment. Our affections, the devil tries to to to grab hold of our affections. But I say, if the Holy Ghost gets a hold of your life, your affections can't be bought. Amen. Your affections are set on things above. Your whole life has been changed and now all you really want to do is see God live in your family, at your job, church, wherever you are. You want to see him live, right? Amen. And you see, this is why it's so important that we that we separate ourselves from our senses of the black dog. Because if we walk by our sight, that's the black dog ruling. But we walk by faith and not by sight. Right? And he says, God is calling every seed of Abraham this morning. Morning. I say tonight to to that same kind of life. The great battles on now worldwide. God wants his children separating themselves from what? Taste, feel, smell, hear, imaginations, conscious, memories, reason, affections, everything. Open up their mind and let the word come in and march with the word. That's a real soldier. Amen. So someone who doesn't walk by their imagination, their conscious, their affections, if they're not of God, you know, all those things, but they just take God at his word. You say, "Do you always feel like it?" No. I remember bron um brother Ron Spencer said after he had that propane explosion and burnt out 80 odd% of his lungs and you know he was there and he uh you know he was just recovering from that but he would he would with his nose turn the pages of his Bible and and and he said did I feel like it? No. But I knew I had to feed the inside man. He overcame his own limitations of his health and his struggles because he knew Lord I want you to rule in my life. I want to feed the Holy Ghost in in my life because it's the only way of safety. Amen. It's our it's our only real source of deliverance is God himself. And there's a real simple key in the Bible. If you want faith, then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. So if you want faith to come, hear the word of God and faith will come. This is a guaranteed this is a guaranteed principle. Amen. Praise the Lord. So you say, "Well, I feel weak in faith." Well, listen to the word. Listen to a good song. Listen to a prayer line. Listen to what God's done. Listen to a testimony. I mean, listen to the word of God and faith will rise. I mean, it'll start to actually equilibrate you the right way because if you feel weak in faith, you know, we go through times when we feel weak. And out of weakness, strength comes. Amen. Actually, God wants us to be weak. But don't ever pull yourself in a hole and say, "Pull me, I'm weak." No. Say, "God, in this moment, your strength is going to come out." Amen. And how do you get that to happen? You feed on the word of God. Let this message be a daily diet of yours. Amen. Start reading the Bible like never before. Not out of works now, out of love. What's your motivation? You know, it's like a marriage. You've got to work at it. James, keep pursuing, Tiana. You've got your queen, but don't just settle there. There's more of her for you to know, right? Amen. Yeah. But but mar you know you got to work at a relationship. Oh if it's works then why should I bother? No no no your motivation's wrong if you think that way. No if your motivation is I love her then then you'll put the work in. Cuz your motivation's love. If you love the Lord you'll put the work in. Amen. Praise the Lord. They now sorry. Um Amen. So but we must never get out of this principle here. Okay. See what's happened in the past of course is legalism has come in and it's given an idea that if you legally uphold the word then you're entitled to the benefits of the blessings of God but no it comes by hearing hearing by the word of God right as as the apostle Paul would say oh foolish Galatians who hath bewitched you that you should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ has been evidently set forth crucified among you this only would I learn of you received ye the spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. Are you so foolish having begun in the spirit? Are you now made perfect by the flesh? I just want to find this here. So, so he's asking the question, why have you been derailed by thinking it's your adherence, your your human adherence, uh, you know, keeping the works of the law is going to, you know, bring the spirit upon your life. Now, what he's talking about here is the works of the law is they started to adopt the traditions of the Jewish religion. I keep the feast of Pentecost and first fruits and Passover and I do this and we keep the Sabbath and all these things. That's the works of the law he's talking about. They don't work. Amen. Just like brother Alistister said a week ago here, you know, the length of a skirt, is it is it more holy if it touches the ground? No. But people get in their mind it is. And I don't know how they get that, but it gets in there. It's got nothing to do with it, right? But so you see, we I pray we keep running this race certainly knowing that we received the spirit by the hearing of faith and that every step of this journey, we keep receiving more by the hearing of faith. I'm just quoting the last part of that yellow bit there. Amen. Now, I'm just going to jump around a bit here, but maybe we'll go here first. There's areas of our lives that we can control. Now, if you can't read this, I'll send it to you. Okay? There. So, there's areas of our life we can control. Remember, it's like the Song of Solomon says, we're like a garden. We are like a garden. What you plant is what you'll get. Amen. So now, what's in my control? How I treat others is in my control. Remember, we're running a race, okay? How I treat others is in my control. My attitude is in my control. We all know when we have a stink attitude. I'm grumpy. Everything's wrong. First world problems. Get up to here. Oh boy. You know, we can entertain that. And that's just letting the black dog run for a bit. Sick him, boy. Sick him. That's a dumb idea. He'll bite you. He is you, but he'll bite you anyway. You know, but we can control our attitude. We can control our words. Amen. If you can't, there's prayer. What I think about, you can control. Now, you can't stop a thought coming, but you can choose if you're going to entertain or if you're going to blow that thing away with the word, right? You have a choice. Amen. We can't stop. Like brother Ram says, like it's like a bird building a nest. You may not not be able to stop the bird flying and like putting twigs there, but you can shoot the thing that it can't keep building the nest. It's like a thought. A thought will come. It's amazing how a thought can we can't let thoughts derail us. It's like a lust thought comes in or just some hatred towards someone and people are going to think, "Am I even a Christian?" Yeah, you are. That's why you're shocked by the thought in your mind. Amen. But it's not your thought. It's the devil's thought trying to drag you down and try and get you out of your lane. But you're running a race. Amen. So don't don't let that monkey grow on your back. Just kick him off because Amen. You got to realize no. The word says very different to that thought. Amen. So, so we can control, Amen. our thoughts. Forgiving others, it's in our power to forgive. You can't make someone forgive. You can try and teach children to say sorry, but they've got to mean it, right? Brother understands, you know, say sorry. Sorry. You know, you know, we can't you can't make someone say, you know what I mean? But but that's in the power of the person. You mean but I feel still I still feel hurt and pain from what they did. But are you in a position where you feel sorry for that person? You want to see that person in heaven. That to me truly means you've forgiven them. Absolutely. Amen. How I handle temptation, it's up to you. right? You know, it's like uh yeah, forgiving others, my effort to grow spiritually, that's in your hands. Oh, God's doing the work. What are you feeding? You know, it's like some people think it's almost like um you know, someone who who who lives at home and they've got a full stock pantry and a fridge and they say, "God, put the food in my stomach. It's all there." and they and they waste away, but they're praying. They believe God's going to really going to feed them. But God's given them the ability to open the pantry, maybe maybe burn some water on the stove, cook something, put something in a toast. You know, God's given the ability. He's given us the food and he's given us the desire for the food. So, why not open the pantry and eat? Amen. The devil doesn't want you to eat, but I think it's time to eat. get on your eating pants or eating skirts and just start eating the ones that stretch, you know. Anyway, uh so so that's that's in my control. My obedience to God is in my control. He doesn't make us a robot. He doesn't force us to do anything. Well, okay. The Jesus I know is a gentleman. He doesn't force me to do anything. He presents it to me and he says, "Whosoever will let him come. Here I am. I'm on your hands, Lord. Here I am, Lord. Change me, Lord. Hallelujah. But there's things outside of our control. So, we can control those things, but the future is outside of our control. Doors that are closed are outside our control. I was going to go through these quickly because we're we got uh prayer. Um suffering and trials are outside our control. But I can say what's in our control is how we handle the suffering and the trials. Do we say, "Lord, show me yourself in the trial or the suffering." Or do we just go through this and say, "Well, it's me." Amen. Persecution, criticism is outside our control. Unanswered prayers. So, so God's timing because we know God does always answer, but in his time that's out, that's outside our control. If you want to go into the permissive will of God, try and make him answer a prayer in your life. Amen. No one wants the permissive will of God. Amen. Delays and waiting seasons are outside our control. People's actions are outside our control. The timing of God's promises are outside our control. Other people's opinions are outside our control. and the past is outside our control. But we should place all those things in the hands of God. Amen. Amen. Now, this is really how we should run this race. Okay? Everyone's read that we should run this race. Okay? He says, "Never fight until you have to. But when it's time to fight, you fight like you're the third monkey on the ramp to Noah's ark. And brother, it's starting to rain. Mean only two monkeys can get in the ark. But you got to realize, no, I'm ordained to get in there. So that other monkeyy's got to get out. Amen. If I was the only male monkey getting in the ark, but there's another one in front of me. I don't care how big he is. I don't care how hairy he is. He's getting out of my way cuz I'm getting in the ark. Praise God. That's how we should walk with God. I mean, we shouldn't just say, "Well, if it's meant to be, it'll be and not not." No, we say, "Lord, press in. Press in, Lord. The promise is mine, Lord." I mean, like David when he, you know, his son that he had with Bashibba was dying. Did he just sit back and say, "Well, God, it's in your hands." He knew it was ultimately, but he prayed and fasted and sought the Lord that God would maybe turn his mind and, you know, give life back to the child. But when the child died, what did he do? He didn't, you know, he didn't he didn't he didn't fuss. He just he just washed himself, changed his clothes, went to the temple, and praised God. But he was fighting for the life of that child. But when that child died, he said, "Well, he can't come back here, but one day I'll go to him." He's in God's hands. Hope this is okay. Amen. But but this is how we should walk with God. Enemy gets in our way. He's getting out of the way. Amen. That promise is mine. Amen. Whatever it is, it's mine. And I'm not quitting till it till either God says yes or no. And if it says no, I'm happy with a no cuz it's God. Amen. That's how you Okay. Now just I'm just going to finish with this. He says this is this is in this third seal. He says, "Now I don't want to scare you. I don't think it's that way, but I just want to tell you what he said." And you know it yourself as it was in the days of Noah when eight souls were saved by water. Eight souls are out of the world by saved by water. Well, you say, "Oh my, there's no need of me trying." That shows you haven't got the kind of faith you need. If there's just going to be one, I'll it'll be me. Amen. because I believe. See, that's the way you want to believe it, too. Amen. Be uh be me. Sure. I want to live so close to him that I know he's coming. He's going to take me when he comes. I believe it. That's right. So, if there's if anybody else misses it, I'm going to be there by his grace cuz he promised me that. And I know that I'll be there cuz he can't lie. That's how you run. Certainly. It's not a well, if I do this and this, you know, somehow I've got it over the next person. No, he's anchored in my heart. He's coming back for me. And he can't lie. Amen. It's not See, see this is not a but but this is the kind of faith we should have if there's one going in Wellington. I don't believe it's just one. But I think we should have that kind of faith. Lord, if it's only me, I'm walking with you. You promise you're going to come and take me away, and you can't lie. My life is in your hands. You've fulfilled your word over and over again in my life, Lord. So, you're going to come and get me. This is how we should do it. We shouldn't shrink back when it speaks about these kind of things. We should say, "Lord, you have promised me you're coming to catch me away." Amen. And I know my soul and life bears record. And I try to live daily just as he was coming. So, I'm going to be that one. You say, "Well, how do you live like he's coming every day?" You just get up, commit your life to the Lord, go to school, go to work, come to church, go do your thing, you know, just live life. in the Lord. Amen. We're not we don't live in a monastery somewhere as a monk and now I'm ready. No, no. We are ready. He's put our souls in condition already. Amen. By the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So live life. Have plans. Have long term. I've got long-term plans. Amen. I've got plans, man. If they don't happen, that's fine. If they do, I'll I'll enjoy them. Amen. But, you know, just walk with God. We can't just say, "Oh, the rapture is going to come, what's the point of planning for the future?" Plan for the future. This is why we have church. We're planning for the future. Amen. If I get old and um I'm no more. There's got to be someone who'll take my place. Just like everyone else or the older generation, right? That's why we have church. We're planning for the future. We believe in Oh, but does that mean you don't believe? No, it could be now. That's right. Glory. It's in his timing. I'm fine with his timing. Amen. So, I'm going to be that one. That's just the way I want to feel. If there's going to be eight, I'm going to be one of that eight. I'm going to live. Um, if it's going to be 500, I'm going to be one of that 500. Don't know about the other fellow, but I want to be one of that 500. See, that's the way you want to remember. See, and if you don't remember it like that, then there's something wrong with your faith. See, you're not sure you're saved yet. Then you just just guessing at it. Don't do that. All right. So let him anchor in your heart. Lord, you saved me. Lord, you're coming to carry me away. Amen. Then then then what can you do? You run this Christian life. I'm in it to win. I'm not in it to be an even in the top 10. I think there's 10. I don't know how many lanes there are. I'm in it to obtain the prize. Amen. Like the Apostle Paul. And just just in closing, the Apostle Paul knew a crown of life was laid up for him. So, he wasn't running this. He wasn't walking this walk haphazardly, seeing how it was going to pan out. He knew the end. He knew what's going to happen when he crosses the finish line. Who's going to be there to put the crown on his head? Amen. I believe we're in the same category. Aren't you? You believe you'll see him one day? Amen. The one who's been with you all your life and he's transformed you. He speaks to you. He walks with you in the good times, the bad times, the hard times. You know, his grace is sufficient in every season. You'll see him one day. Amen. And so I think let's let's g up the armor and let's run this race. You say, "Well, you feel you can't make it." He'll carry you. Amen. Don't Don't ever think that you can't you can't make it. The devil tells you you can't make it, but he's lying. God says in his word, you've already made it. Amen. So, let's run this race with certainty. Let's let's feed the Holy Ghost in our lives. Let's sew. Let's sew to the spirit. Amen. Let's sew to it and see what God will do. Amen. Feed the feed the feed the machine. Praise the Lord. Let's have the um let's have the musicians, please, tonight, can we? Well, let's uh sing a song and then we'll um yeah, go through the prayer request and ask if there's any more and then we can uh you'll have a time of prayer. I want to sing that song. Um uh uh just over in the glory land. Can we sing that? Just over in the glory land. We know it. E. Perfect. Yes, we can. I like that. That's what I like about Christians. They're like, "Yeah, we can." Amen. Let's see how we go. Amen. Let's um let's stand, shall [Music] we? Amen. What um what key should we be in? Okay. Are we ready? Let's go. Just over in the glory land, I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll send. Just over in the glory land of a home prepared where the saints abide just over in the glory land there to sing God's praises and his glory share. Just over in the glory land. us over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There when the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. I am on my way to those mansions fit just over in the glory land. And I long to be at my Savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand. us over in the glory land with a joyful song I will shout and sing just over in the glory [Music] land to come thanking just over in the glory land just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. Just over. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. just over in the glory land. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can have your seats tonight. Amen. I just um just find the prayer requests here. So, are we here? [Music] No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a mcle. He's a mcle. He's a mal working God. He's a mcle. He's a mcle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I [Music] hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it [Music] costs, I believe. [Music] And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
