################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 250625 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana - Mpho Nkoana - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   250625 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana
Speaker: Mpho Nkoana
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viUYI86JCpw
========================================

[Music] You're right. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good evening. It's good to be here. You happy? You're refreshed. Had a good day. winning. [Music] I feel like the day is, you know, those days where the day is about there and you're kind of you're trying to catch up with it throughout the day and it's sort of just slightly ahead of you all day. You don't quite catch it. But I'm um yeah, I think I do too many things. I run too many too much stuff and you get all But I'm glad to be um here tonight. I'm glad to to um to do the main focus in our lives, which is the Lord. You know, it it all of the other stuff that we do outside of that is is like I know it's it's I know there's purpose in everything that we do, but when you boil it all down, it's not it's it is it is just a use of time, a waste of time because we got to use our time on something. So we just use it here, use it there, use it there, you know, but you know people take things. It's funny you you people take things so seriously. Say say today there could be a deadline that you have to meet tomorrow and it's all this panic about meeting this thing and it's it's very serious and there's jobs are on the line and whatever it might be and all this sort of stuff, you know. But it's funny how let's say a nuclear bomb was launched in some country and blew up another country. Suddenly that deadline would mean nothing, you know, it it suddenly would be like, "Oh no, that who cares about that now?" It's like, "Hang on, two hours ago that was the most important thing in the world and we were losing hair over it and it was this big stress." You know, we we sort of put all this stuff on ourselves and and it's, you know, I know we got to do that. We got to have things like that. But in all of our endeavors, we want to do the main thing, which is put the Lord number one. We want to be like Mary, not like Martha. you know, she was busy doing stuff, but Mary just sat at Jesus' feet and just learned from him. And the Lord said, "Actually, she's done the better thing." So, let's stand this evening and um worship the Lord. And and and I always love Wednesdays cuz it's always like a it's a good time. It's a good time to to remind the devil whose team we're on and just to come and worship the Lord tonight. So, let's um let's open in a word of prayer and just invite the Lord here. Lord, we thank you that we can be here tonight. Lord, we thank you that Lord, you're the God of Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, every day you reign, Lord, every situation you reign, Lord. And we come here this evening to declare you the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords this evening, Lord. We come to worship you, to praise you, Lord, to give you all the honor, all the glory. Just pray and bless um our pastor Ben and Sister Christine, as they're not here tonight. Bless her, and just give her a speedy recovery from the concussion as well, Lord. and may she be like um I believe it was Paul Lord when he mentioned all the things that he went through shipwrecked and all these things and in the end he said none of these things move me Lord and may there be a testimony Lord that none of these things move me Lord as we just continue to press the battle for you just bless our service tonight bless brother as he stepped in to to take the place tonight just bless him and anoint the service we pray in Jesus wonderful name amen praise the Lord we're in for a good time tonight amen praise the Lord new tech [Laughter] When I saw him earlier, I said, "Looks like we got the big guns back on board." But maybe not. Can I have some guitar, too? We have any guitar. Down at the cross where my savior died. Oh, down at the cross where my savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cry. did to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. I am so wondrously safe from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within there at the cross where he took me in. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. Then to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to his name. [Music] Oh precious fountain that save from sin. I am so glad I have entered in. Yeah, Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Gloryy to his name. Oh, I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. To my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. [Music] Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge in today and be made complete. Glory to his name. [Applause] Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. To my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. I'm singing. Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. Then to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory to his name. I got to tell you, I did a You can just start playing the next one. There's a um you know there's all this there's a bit of talk about nuclear sort of wars and that at the moment and and more than likely or one day it will be a reality. You know there will be someone will fire a nuclear bomb and then it's probably start a chain reaction. Um we would I did this I've been doing this fundraising campaign for the film and it it all um like last night I hit the target so it all went through and I don't know whether I should have when I did the thank you video today and posted it out. I said um you know thanks for all your efforts and that and I said I'm going to go ahead and make this film uh work on this film as though the world is ending. [Music] That sort of code word for um the world is ending. Therefore, I'm going to quickly make this film. But we don't worry about it, do we? The Bible says, "When you hear of all these things, look up. Your redemption drawth nigh." Amen. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out. There's a river of life. Oh, there's a river of life blowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up, oh well, within my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Spring up well and give to me that life. There's a river of life. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lanes you walk and the blinds you see. And it opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life blowing out from me. Spring out for well within my soul. Spring out for well and make me whole. Spring up for well and give to me that life abundantly. Spring up well. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. spring up a well and give to me that life abundant. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just start down um tonight. [Music] I worship you. You are here moving in out here. I worship you. I worship you. You are here revealing who you are. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are here working miracles. I worship you. I worship you. For you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. Yes, you are. I worship you. I worship you and you are here healing every lie. I worship you. I worship you. You are here restoring every life. Yes, you are. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here many broken hearts. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Even when I don't see it. Even when I don't see it, you're worth it. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Even when I don't see it. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. [Music] working [Music] stop working [Music] [Applause] [Music] light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, spirit work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Your way maker, way maker, mira, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. This is my desire. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. And all I have within me, all I have within me. Oh, I'll give you praise. And all that I adore, all that I adore is in you. Oh yes, it's all in you. I give you my heart, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. [Music] This is my Oh, it's my desire. All you honor to honor you. Lord with all my heart. Lord all with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore, all that I [Applause] is in you. In you, Lord. I give you my heart, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake. [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. [Applause] I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take every moment I'm awake. Lord have you Lord I give you my heart. Lord I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take away. [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Lord, I live for you. My Lord is every breath that I take. Every moment I Oh Lord, have your way in me. Brothers and sisters, I greet you tonight in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And it's true that what brother Isaac said, you know, everything else even in the book of at least he says everything is just vapor. Everything is just vapor. So the things that we can actually worry ourselves, they are not worthy. They are not worth worrying. and the things that we shouldn't we should be worrying about we leave. So may God help us and guide us tonight. Amen. We are going to read the Bible. Let me just open this computer cuz I never really use this. Brother Isaac and the musicians, the Lord bless you very much for the songs. Amen. and I'll open this thing and then we will read our Bible. God bless you richly. So um it was supposed to be me according to the schedule and then uh then then then I was off off the list because it was going to be my wife's birthday and then I'm back again. So, uh, it looks like I was I tried to get off, h of the Lord, but I couldn't. I tried I tried very hard, but it looks like the footsteps of the children of God are ordered of the Lord. Amen. So, let's just read a scripture while we standing and then uh um let's read the book of James chapter one and we can we can sit. James chapter 1. Once you are there, just say amen. Amen. Amen. How many are happy to be in the service of the Lord tonight? It's a great privilege to be here. Amen. James says, you know, James was a pastor. He was a pastor of a church. So listen to what he says from verse two. And he says, "My brethren, count it all joy when he fell into diverse temptations." I want you to underline the word joy. Count it all. Joy. When all sorts of temptations fall unto you, count it as joy. What a statement. Someone can say, "Ha, what kind of a statement?" But let's proceed. Verse three, knowing these that the trying of your faith workketh patience. Three, but let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. Verse five, if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that giveth to all men liberally and araidth not, and it shall be given him. Let's just pray. If you have a need, maybe you can just show the Lord by raising off your hand and your heart before him. He's attentive and he's listening. Our heavenly father, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, you know all my weaknesses that I'm I'm just but vapor before you. But Lord, in this vapor, you chose to come and dwell. We know in ourselves, Father, we are incapable. And that is why, Father, we first of all welcome you. As brother Isaac was saying, Lord, you are our priority tonight. And we are so thankful that you brought us here to come and fulfill the very purpose of why you created us. I pray that you bless your word tonight. And Lord, when where we have gone wrong in our thoughts, our behavior and actions, please forgive us, Father. We are we love you very much, Lord. And we don't want to let you down. And we pray that you just wash us clean with your blood. As we stand in your presence, bless the husband that are here listening, those that are streaming. Also, we think of our precious sister Christine, Lord, and her family. May you just touch her tonight, heavenly father. Lord, we know that the enemy, Lord, he he so wish to have us, but he can't. He wishes to harm us, but he only does it, Lord, according to the conditions provided. And we pray tonight, Lord, that you just heal our sister completely. Lord, let there be no more concussions. Let let the pain disappear. And we bind all the pains and all the the inconveniences in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We commit uh um the brothers and sisters here. I commit myself, Lord. Lord, help us tonight as we read your word for your honor and for your glory. We ask these things in the name of our loving Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Please enjoy the comfort of your seats while I remain standing. Um, so the the Bible here in the book of James talks about us counting it all joy when all sorts of things fall unto us. So tonight I just want us to speak about this topic. Um, let me just put a stopwatch. So I would like us to speak about you know how okay let me put it this way our view our view or our perception the way we look at temptations the way we look at uh you know you know the word trial trials trials you know hard times the way the The way we look at a reproach, reproach, the way we look at persecutions, you know, troubles, problems, situations of life, the way we look at them, h how we understand them and how we appreciate them because James tells the church, he says, "Count it all joy." So this uh if the brothers are listening, this is what what what we spoke about on Monday at the minister's meeting and I thought maybe we can just have a slight maybe add a few things here and there. If not um those that that listen to the tape, please forgive me. I'm happy brother Ben and brother David are not here, but maybe the other brothers have already listened. But if you hear that I'm repeating things, I'm sure the Lord would like to bless someone with something. But you see, we always we often say God is good, isn't it, brother Collin? God is good. And you'll even hear some of us sitting there saying all the time. If brother Isaac said God is good, we say all the we say it. I'm the first one. All the time. But hey, if go God is so good, h God is love. He's wonderful. Why he allowed these things that I'm talking about at temptations, trials and persecutions, pain, pain, trouble and situations that are just just above my my they're just above my level. A why must I face this situation? You see, so the key is not those things. The key is how I'm approaching or how I'm going to look my attitude towards those things. And you know why I'm saying this? This is the reason why I'm saying this. Because there's one thing that is very clear, sister Maggi, that you are a daughter of God. That is clear. Crisp. There's no crisp. Is that right way to pronounce it? It's crystal clear. That is crisp. It's so clear. is is there's no there's no ruler needed to straighten it. That is very clear that you are a son and you are a daughter of God. One out. And it's also very clear that the Bible taught us that all things works together for good to them that loves the all things all things good and bad. You see that this is this is what is happening. the God before he was God h he he wanted to share himself and his eternity with someone that's the good his goodness when you know when he starts to show not when it starts when it starts to show he wanted to to share himself and then you were there in his mind you were in his mind and he created you and he said, "Yeah, this is the one I want to spend eternity with." You see his goodness. And then h he then he started to to have a plan. Now he started to have a plan and he put a plan together and then a master plan in there. There's other plans. Plan of your life. How your life is going to unfold. How how you're going to come through your grandparents and and how your children and everything. He has a plan how you're going to to to get lost and how he's going to redeem you. He has a he had a plan of of of of of redemption and he puts all those things together just that what he saw in his mind can come to pass. Amen. One of them being to share it with you. So that kind of a God and isn't he good? Yes. And sorry I forgot this thing locks. So then then he then uh allowed us and allowed everything to happen as it was and allow allow the situation of Adam to go the way that it went. H he allowed it to a point where he uh let me just say forgive me. Okay. still still thinking to a point where h Satan thought ah this guy I can actually be above him because you see there was there were two two angels was powerful Lucifer and Michael by the way this is not in my nose even those two angels this one was more beautiful this one called Lucifer he was more gifted he was more beautiful more good-looking more He he he was a bling bling guy. Do you know what is bling bling? What do they call it? So if you came there from somewhere and look and I look wrongly, you could say ah that one is the right one. Lucifer is a guy and you could miss it. Michael was humble. Michael was the humble humble one. It even appeared as if Michael is more powerful. But Lucifer lacked revelation. and he didn't realize that the very Michael who came to the level of an angel is actually the one who created him. So h let me just put this um your sorry save my password so I will right so I won't allow it to log again so now that was not in my nose I don't know why I said it but the point I wanted to bring across was he was so humble and he wanted us to look like him. In other words, he wanted us to be gods to everything that is was in him, he wanted us to manifest it. So that is why him he wanted also to be like us. We'll we'll get to that point. But and and you'll understand as I go along why I'm talking about this persecutions and how we need to have a view because the Bible says, you see, God's view is different from our mind's view. It's so opposite like from the north. What's the opposite of north? South or the east and the west. They are like this. When God thinks this way, the cannal mind goes there. That is why the Bible says h the Bible says the straight is the gate and the narrow is the way. But then you who's walking on the narrow road, what do you think is there on the narrow road? The narrow road is not an easy road. The we is clear is explaining that it's narrow. It won't be easy to walk like you're on the highway. But the highway, that one is so broad that broad the broad gate. So the narrow one is the one that he chose. He he chose for you. Can I surprise you? He also chose it for himself that road because everything that is in him, he wanted it to reflect in us. And everything that is in us, he wanted it to reflect in him. Then he then he he became then he he decided to become a a human being. He decided to become a human being to to be hungry. Imagine God they change a nappy on God. How humble can that be? God he get hungry and he gets flu. He gets, you know, he he came to the level of a sinful level so that we can get to the level of God. So that's that's that's the whole idea. Everything that he he he made or he planned, he did not want me and you to go through ourselves without seeing him going through that. Did you get me? So he he he these things that happens to us, these persecutions or whatever a situation a what whatever a trouble they are done purposefully. They were they are done intentionally. You know he's doing them in a very deliberate way. They are very deliberate and they are very h and they are seasonal. By the way they are not permanent. The Bible says h these things are temporal. Anything that the Lord can allow you to go through is temporal. It's not permanent. But why I'm saying is seasonal because a season comes and go. It something again something can come in a different form because there's constantly a discussion before God and the devil. You know the devil went before God. The Bible says there was a meeting between God and the devil Jonah and they discussed and they discussed about a man called Job. You know his story. We we'll read about him now. So the way the way things happen, I'll talk about Job just now. But but the way that things happen, it is because God wants to achieve something. So can I can I can is it fair for me to say therefore brothers and sisters actually brother Isaac touched touched on this point. Can I say it's not really much about me and you first it's about God. It's about him. So everything is about God. So if we start like that in our hearts, in our mind, if we can say h it's about God, it's about him and us cuz first is about him. It was him who who was sitting there. He was not even God. He was there in his whole existence being everything and everywhere. There was no time. Then he decided to start thinking and he had thoughts. He had you. He created you. And you see the thought of God as I said before is is not like my thought and your thought. The thought of God is it is a reality. When God thinks something is tangible, is more than tangible. So you were there more better than the way you are here now in God's mind. So it's about him. If we think and start to think like that every time then young people we will get it right all the time because everything that happens to you you first think of him. Everything that is coming your way you think about him. Everything that you want to do you think about him but it's about him and you but not you and him. Amen. Are are are you with me? So, it's all about him first. And I'll show you why. Let me show you. And what example can I give you? Can I give you an example maybe of the word of forgiveness? Let's just talk a little bit about forgiveness, you know, the gift. Is it a gift or but forgiveness? You know, forgiveness. You you you must have God in order to properly forgive. Look at it this way. He was there and then he decided to die and then h so that my sins and your sins can be forgiven so that we can receive a salvation for free so that he can redeem us so that you know we can be justified you know the word justified it it's like sister s it's like just as if you never did did just like you never did nothing. if you ever did anything and and I I forgive you just like you have never done it and or you know there's just so many things I'm getting overwhelmed and then he had something called an atonement for us and atonement is like if you go and look at the word atonement you'll actually find it's from two ways at one at onement at one meaning an atonement was like sin came in between and death and they broke that connection between God and you. They broke sin broke it and there was this thing called sin in between that that caused a disjuncture between your connection and God and then now he brings a plan of atonement through the blood and then he he applies atonement and then the atonement seal it seal your connection like like if to a point where if you say ah but Isaac did this to me he says what are you talking about because you know you know If you break this hole here, shatter it. And we ask brother Ben to fix it. And he come and seal it. He fix it in such a way that you can't even see that there was a crack here. Isn't it? That's what atonement does. Atonement come and and then you won't know that there was ever a break called of sin there. So forgiveness works like that. He he forgiveness. I don't know how to explain it. But if we can't have his forgiveness, then God cannot be God. Because God in his mind had these things that must be fulfilled, healing, forgiveness, protection. He had all these things. Then he had to there had to be things to happen. He had to make the devil. He had to make all these things h so that everything can work to bring what was in God before. You never heard the prophet saying h before there was a a a fish before there was water there. What did he say? So before you sin, before you sinned, there was already forgiveness waiting for you. So as if you have never done it before. So now you you you find people sitting there condemning themselves even after God has forgiven them. You see now you are looking at it the wrong way. God does not understand what you are talking about until another brother said we keep on saying oh sorry my lord I'm sorry. God has already had you for you is to accept his plan of atonement and for his forgiveness and move on. Yeah. What? All what God wants. Actually, he said, I was listening to this brother. He said, no amount of sorry is going to bring forgiveness to you. Sorry. Sorry doesn't bring forgiveness. What brings forgiveness is your repentance here in your heart. When you truly repent and God applies that, that's what actually true forgiveness is. When I just are sorry and I don't mean it, that's I just said sorry. It means nothing because I never repented. I never said sorry here. So how can I'm I'm actually failing God because what God wants is something that happens from the heart for his attribute of forgiveness to come. Amen. What God wants is for me to believe him so much so that he can do what he promised me. If I don't believe, how can he? That's right. So I'm failing him if I I I I don't believe him. and he he's given us all these things. So problems and troubles and temptations when they come our way, it's not time for us to say why me. No. God does not want to hear what? No. No. God wants to to hear Aiden. Lord, thank you for this fire. Lord, tomorrow when this one is finished, bring another one. Am I right? I I want to be sensitive because I know our sister got injured yesterday and I'm I'm very considerate of that. But what I'm trying to say is that everything that happens in our life in our life. It is to bring it's got a purpose that God wants to fulfill. uh me the amount that I can use to stress or to worry or to you know I I should actually be taking it the way God takes it because I know I'm a son of God. I know that he says he cares for me and I know he's not is not a liar. The devil is a liar and a father of lies. Therefore, God is the opposite. So if God is that like that and he was alone, he was not forced to create you. God was not forced to create the earth. He just willingly created you along the way. We we get lost and he restores us with his plan of restoration and he restores us for us to fulfill what he saw. The actually the what counts most is not much the people out there brother Ben in the world. Those ones, yes, they they can be part of the whole drama or plan, but the actual crux of the matter who participate in the plan of God is you. If you can't be there, God's plan can't work. You don't don't don't don't no don't don't don't belittle yourself. I'm saying you. If you cannot be there, so for me to be there, I must fulfill God's plan. So that means every time I must always say, "God, show me the manual." What says the manual? That's right. Because if I do it not according to his manual, I'm failing him and I'm part of his main team. What what what would God do? So God, as another brother says, wants to work in partnership with me and you. He wants to work together with you. You know, he wanted to be men and he wanted men to be him. That is why all these things he allowed them. Those things they are the triggers. They trigger God. Like brother Ben Glor said here one time when you No. No. Isaac was made to meet me and I was made to meet him and to be happy and to upset him and him to upset me. Yes. Because look if if he doesn't upset me then who should upset me? And and and who who is God must forgive now because God must forgive. I must do wrong so that God forgives me. I must get sick so that God must heal me. Those things are painful when you say them. They even say it's easier to say brother because you are not in that situation. Yes, it's easy. But God will also put me in a situation. One day my husband, you know, and I thought my children were inside there and I ran one day. I said to the brothers, I'll give you a testimony about this one day. And then and then and then it burnt to ashes and I realized I don't even have any insurance, brother Colin. I realized I didn't have any insurance. The all my plans zero. So God don't want you at that time to worry. He wants you to look to him and to look to him meaningfully connect with him from your heart. You see a very weak Christian, a weak weak weakest person, if that person comes before God with a a sincere heart, God hears that person. The person that you say all of you saying ah this one if we I don't we don't do that. But a weakest believer who can be sincere and come with a sincere heart, God listens to that person and a God do something for that person because of the heart. So God is a God of hearts. In his heart he thought out of the heart a man thinkketh. Right? So we okay let's let's move on otherwise I'm not going to finish. I'll keep on deviating from my context. I'll read for you a few scriptures just to to show you that trials and temptations are not for you to say, "Oh, you know, they are not yours." You know, God put them there for a purpose, for a reason, and they are seasonal, but they are intentional. Your father approved them. Stamp stamp stamp. And I didn't negotiate with us because he knows better. He never negotiated with us for us to be born. He doesn't negotiate with us when we go home. No, he doesn't. So he whatever history we can think about ourselves, God does not know at this point in time what you are talking about. He does not apologies about that again. Let's let's read the book of Psalm. Psalm Psalm 34:E 90 Many are the afflictions of the righteous. Many a righteous person is a person who's who's got God in their life. A righteous person is a son and a daughter of God because only the word of God is righteous, Sister Jo. There's nothing else. Only the word of God. So a a person who's got the word of God, he's the righteous person. But the Bible says many are the afflictions of that person. Many. But the Lord deliverth him out of them all. Is that the same all that said all things works together for good? That's the same all. A double L. All of them. So, and it even says somewhere that when the enemy brings, what does it say? That God raises up a standard. Where am I Bible readers? Like a flood. When the enemy comes like a flood, God raises up a standard. In other words, when the tide comes high and strong, I'm above the tide. Didn't he raise your standard for the ark? When the flood came, what happened to the unbelievers and what happened to the ark? And the righteous people were inside there because they believed the word of God and they moved inside. They were therefore righteous. So the ark, God raised the standard for it. It was the standard of God that lifted up the ark. when the flood came, he keepeth all his bones and not one is broken. I I rather take the word of God regardless of what happens to me. That is why Paul and Silas when they were in prison. You know the Bible says they were, you know, do you know stalks? Those little sticks, not little, but they with chains, those blocks of wood. They tie your feet like this and and you and and and here and and and your neck. You can't move. And they put you in the inner inner prison. So they psychologically destroying you that you you you know that even if you get out of these talks, there's three more prisons to go through. But what what did Paul and Silas do? How did they look at that situation? The Bible says they started to sing the hymns and the songs and they started to say hallelujah. Hallelu hallelu. Let's praise the Lord. The Bible says they started to sing like that. And the Bible says when they sang like that the atmosphere changed because they looked at their situation differently. They didn't look they knew that hey brother as a son and a daughter of God there is nothing that the devil can do to you Marion nothing. Not even death can do anything to you. And it's not about we are not breaking. We are just saying what the word of God says. When he saved you, he meant it. When he chose you, he meant it. And he knew that this is my son. Think about that boy that the brother showed us here, brother Ben, when he was in the pig star in with pigs there. What what went through his mind? Because before then, he lost his mind and he asked for everything, he left. Then one day when he was sitting with those pigs, the revelation struck him and then he started to realize actually who he was. I told about Job. So I won't repeat Job. I'll just quickly jump to Romans. Romans chapter 5, it says uh from verse two, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and we and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. And now only so and not only so but we glory in tribulations. You see the very reason why why God also put us together was that we can be an encouragement to one another because if brother Ed has gone through some situation in his life before and then brother Ben went through a situation in his life before and then brother Isaac here brother Lena if if don't you think that is a benefit when they come and testify to someone about what they went through before amen when I have gone through a situation and then one day you fall in a similar situation and I share with you how the Lord delivered me. Don't you think that is an encouragement? So we I I come into that trial already with a triumph in my heart knowing that God has already delivered me because he has delivered one of his children in this situation. In fact, when I brother Ben situation was worse, my one is half and we are all his sons. So definitely because time for him is not an issue. You just wait in the Lord and see. He told the children of Israel. He told them. He said, "Hey, stop. Don't don't cry, Moses. Uh he said tell them to look there. Do you see those Egyptians? You will see them no more. Not not that they will be on the other side and then you'll be you won't they will be no more existing. You'll see them no more. So God does not want us to worry when when the river looks uncrossable. So we go into the tribulations glorifying God already. We go before God already saying, "I am healed. I am healed. I can see. I can see. I've got a job. I've got a job. I am healed. I am already." While he's still there and we say it and we until it becomes part of us. As a son, the daughter of God approach things the way God approaches them. We don't approach them the way the enemy approach it. and cry hopelessly. No. And that's why we hold one another like this and we go forward. You say, "Brother, this thing, let's just take a few examples I wanted to share with you. Let's take Joseph as an example. Can I just drink some water? Let's take Joseph. You all know the story of Joseph, right? Who would have thought when Joseph was was was taken by his brothers and they even throw him in it, I think they beat him first, they kick him and they spite him and they they did all sorts of things and then before they just keep give him a finishing touch and they throw him in the pit. Who would have thought who who could read that scripture for Joseph at the time? He said, "My brother, just know that it works together for good for you down there. All things works together, Joseph. Who would have who would have said that? Don't worry, my brother. Count it all joy." That's right. Now, but it was Joseph later on who told his brothers, remember, he told them that no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't even apologize. Don't even apologize. Because before you even did that, you know, it was meant to preserve life. We must come to a point, brothers and sisters, where you you don't have to wait for your brother. I I I don't wait for your brother to apologize or your sister. Right. Beautiful. No. Because you are a son of God. You are a son of God. We are sons and daughters of God. We don't operate the way the world operate. That's right. You produce so much. Can I say you induce so much love until he just you just swallow your brother and he just swallows you or your sister. Love. Real love. Not no love. Yes. And you we we are given that capacity to produce it. We have it. If you have you have that capacity, God has given it to you in the form of the Holy Spirit. Inside there, there's everything to produce real love to your brother and love even the unlovable. Let alone out here. Love those ones also there on the street. have a pity for them. Be in the position where I can take my shirt and cut it half and share with that man. Those ones love them. I always love what brother is said that you know the Lord said to him if you are going to go out there be ready that those ones out there with wounds and drunk are going to come here and your wife is going to dress them up. Are you ready for that? First Peter chapter 1 verse 6. Oh, I was telling you the story of Joseph. I left. You see Joseph, he told him later that no brothers, please stand up. Stand up. Stop kneeling before me. I am still the same Joseph, your brother, the same one. Everything that happened, it was for a for the good. It was for me to be ahead of you. But the devil said, "No, this you you are supposed to die. You guys, you especially you, Simeon. You were so spiteful, Simeon. In that movie that we watched with the kids, Simeon man was characterized as a bad guy. They wanted to take his brother out of the pit. He said never. He was drunk. Simeon. And he was a rough one. So it was to preserve life. It is true. If I had the revelation that time, I I wouldn't be spitefully saying. I would just say, "Joseph, don't do my brother." all works together for good. At that time, it didn't appear like that, but it was the reality. Maybe it's painful to the flesh, but God doesn't look it through the eyes of the flesh. God looks it through the eyes of the spirit. Your spirit, did you ever realize that if you go on a fast, this is just my experience anyway. If you go on a prayerful fast and you fast and you fast and you fast, on the third or the fourth day, you don't feel hungry anymore. If you are praying, hunger doesn't bother you anymore. And then in fact when you start eating, you feel guilty. You feel ah I'm you I feel like I'm I'm now contaminated. So I'm trying to say that there are certain things that the spirit interprets them different from how the flesh the flesh deceives us big time. That is why the prophet went and preached that message that says lean not unto your own understanding. That was the first example. Joseph, let's take an example of brother Brenham. Pastor Brenham me I'm going to have a big discussion with you just I'm going to just book him that brother I would like to be with you even if it's just 10 years then brother Arman can come after us just to tell me how did you I mean that man and it goes against all odds against all what we know better education none his family none He he he he couldn't even say pull pit pullpit just like me. I can't pull pit until they corrected him. Then he takes then the very same man he takes a and then he takes a thought I'll have a piece of paper. He takes he takes that 1.5 million check dollars. I'm sure he was crying. I'm sure his body was saying what are you doing? Ah because he looked at things through the eyes of the what will you do more you tell your father that man is gone it's gone so I must look at things through the eyes of the spirit to come out right and the spirit is not here it's not in my five senses here the holy spirit so that was Joseph brother Brham same from a family of drunk people. Who how can a prophet come from such a family? Huh? A mother and a father. The day he was born, his father was there drinking moonshine the outside and the say Charles Brennham is a boy. Then he comes in that film that brother Isaac is going to make. You'll hear him. Charles Brenham is a boy. His grandmother did not even have shoes there. He never had a pair of shoes. How how can God get a prophet to leave the age the time the closing of this age to come and reveal God's plan? Yes, that's how Michael operates, not Lucifer. Lucifer operate blame, shine, shine. So be careful of shiny stuff. Let's read a you know you know the story. What I'm trying to demonstrate for you is that look at our clouds of witnesses and look at their lives. All their lives are characterized by hardship. I'm not saying you should suffer. I'm not saying you should go troubles. It hurts me too. But I'm just saying how we look at it should be different. How we approach it should be different. We shouldn't hit ourselves and sit there and No, no, no, no. We should be courageous and know that we have we have a father and that father has highly considered this trial. Therefore, let me not worry. Let's read first Peter. First Peter 1 from verse 6. Wherein ye greatly rejoice through now for a season. If need be, you are in heaviness through manifold temptations. Many that the trial of your faith being much more precious than gold. Did anyone hear that? That our trials are more precious than gold. They they seek to sharpen no gold today in today's standard. They even want to make it a currency gold. Our trials are more precious than meaning we need them. We need them. Otherwise, if we don't have them, God is is God going to be a way maker. We sang a song, promisekeeper. Is he going to fulfill? Is he going to be a healer? If we don't have those ones, will he be a who will who will make a way if you don't get lost? God was supposed to restore you. I was supposed to be a naughty boy and be snacked and then I feel it and then I I see it differently. So it's not wrong to be Josh. They say they say that shepherd when that sheep went astray. Okay, maybe you'll say that sheep went astray. But that shepherd, a good shepherd, he went to it and he even broke his leg. a a good shepherd break his leg. Why didn't he just say no no sheep don't go there and bring it with his staff and then put it into the flock and say walk this way why why must he bring his leg if he loves it he's a loving God that he did out of love that is why long time when I was giving my children a good one I was doing it with a smile and they thought I was spiteful and I said no no no when I hit you pains me too so I'm hitting you with love of correction. How many should I How many then will just say one and then then more he get upset he'll just say three four that guy because he'll be upset with me he can just say 10 okay I must give you 10 come then so God when all those things be fall on us is for our good is better than gold let's read Corinthians we are closing or I jumps. I can just jump Corinthians and just quickly read for you Matthew or remind you about Matthew. Matthew chapter 24 it says and then 24 verse 10 to 40 it talks about endurance you know to to endure to endure is it does it make you think of the word resilient you know in today's language to endure. It says, "And then shall many be offended and and shall betray one another." That's from verse 10. Matthew 24 I'm closing. I think today we'll just make it a if it's okay, we'll just make it a prayer meeting. I know it was supposed to be a preaching service, but let's just make it it a prayer meeting and then we can have time to pray, you know, for our sister. That's why I'll stop just now, then we can pray. But and and then verse verse 11 and it says and many many false prophets shall rise and shall deceive many and because because iniquity shall abound the love of many shall works cold and then but he that shall endure that's what I wanted to read for you. He or she that shall endure unto the end the same shall be saved. It's not our endurance. It is the Holy Ghost endurance. By myself, I can endure. You can endure it. And I cannot even endure your problem or your challenge or your situation. Only designed for you by the designer. And even the solution is designed for God to come through you. and then until the end then you are saved. But don't don't misunderstand this verse to be saying you can only get saved if you endure. No, because you are you are saved. You are going to be able to endure. That's how I see that's how I I want to to put it. Romans says, oh this one, I love it. This is my favorite verse. My favorite verse in the Bible. Romans 8. You can go home and read it. For the law 8 from verse two, Romans, for the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. The law that law is not the law thou shalt not. The law of the spirit looks at trials differently. For what the law would not do, that law in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of a sinful flesh. Remember I told you and for sin condemns sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh. But us I like how brother Ben says put yourself there as but they that are after the spirit things of the spirit. So we look at these things through the eyes of the spirit when they come. Everything that happens, everything that you do, everything that you go through, everything, look it in the eyes of the spirit. Look it in the eyes of the Lord. Then you'll have a better view. Am I brother says temptations come, there will never be a temptation unless he give you grace to bear it. Yes. He says that and he's promised to meet you on every battle front right there. Stand in your place. He says that in that message, redemption by judgment. He says it and then I believe the apostle said that our trials are better than gold. We already spoke about this. He's confirming that brother Brandham that might be God might have God might have let you get sick in order that you might you might you might be a testimony. How will I know that God heals cancer if God does not heal brother Colin? He that's going to be a testimony for me that peradelter one day I if I come across that thing I can say wow even my brother God has healed him and that is why it's important for us to bear him for us to bear him in prayer meaningfully claiming that God no no no no we can't allow that Lord you you said in your word you will heal him and he's already healed that's the attitude we need to go before the Lord with Right. Each and in the message uh for him will I accept. I'll just read just touchups. He says every son that cometh to God must first be just chastened patched. Is that right? If you cannot stand chastisement of the Lord then you become a bastard unfortunately or an illegitimate child. You you claim God to be your father and you know nothing of him. A real true bornagain child of God stands firm. We are we are sw with the incorruptible seed of God. It cannot perish. See what I mean? When trials and troubles and temptations and heartaches and disappointments set in, something holds you. Not you holding something holding you. See, it isn't a question whether I hold or not. It's a question of whether he held or not him. That's the partnership that we have with he holds us. I would like us to stand and call the musicians and then we are going to pray tonight. We're going to pray for our precious sister Christine. We're going to pray for brother Colin. We going to pray. We are needy people, brothers and sisters. And God allowed this news to come among us. Sometimes you think that is your brother actually who's tested, who's tried, but it's not your brother maybe who's going through that. God wants to test you to see whether you'll pray genuinely and and you fail the test by not praying. Sometimes you think ah it is is brother Ed going through that. Oh I will remember you brother and then you go home and you don't even pray. God wants to see if I give Ed a problem. Will you pray? Be careful. We do we don't come into a body in Africans we say for mahala for nothing. We come for a purpose. Remember that same one where we spoke about a building. Some another one is a window, another one is a door, another one is this, another is a body. A body means it works together locally, your body, global body. That's how it works. So don't say I can't pray for people there in Somalia that I don't even know. It's part of you. It's the bride. You pray for them that are in Ukraine, that are right now in Israel, that are in everywhere. You pray for them. Even in Iran, if there's brother and sister there in Iran, sitting somewhere in the corner being bombed, remember that part of the bride because it is part of you. You'll go nowhere without them, without that part of the bride. So, we are going to sing a song, brother Isaac, and then I I I just feel that we can have a prayer meeting, you know, if it's okay, brothers, and then we can pray and remember also brother Ben. And then I don't know if there's more requests that were mentioned here but uh we can check them and then we can pray for them. We just become you know and of course today sorry to to be selfish it's also my darling wife's birthday. So we thank the Lord for sparing her and for keeping her. She's young today. And then we just want to remember sister Christine and we remember brother Ben and the children and then brother Colin and the Lord has healed you already soldier and then every desire that is among us. We're going to to pray for them. Do you want to to bring your your request sister? Brother Ben also is supposed to be preaching in Brisbane and then flying out tomorrow. already know. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
