################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 0604-25 - The Power of Revelation - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   0604-25 - The Power of Revelation - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EstkfRQz7mA
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Good morning. How are you? Good this morning. Praise the Lord. It's good to um see you all here. It's good to come before the living God this morning. I was just thinking there's a song, an old Well, I guess it's an old song. Some of the old-timers might know it. It's that one. From glory to glory, he's changing me. You know, anyone know that song? You know, and I was just thinking that's what, you know, that's what the Lord does in our life is that from glory to glory, he changes us, you know, and each and every day he's just he's he's making us more like him. Regardless of what we were to start with, that's irrelevant. And by the end of his process, we are like him. That's it. Yeah. It doesn't it doesn't matter where you came from. Doesn't matter doesn't matter what your upbringing was. It doesn't matter who your family is. It doesn't matter about anything. It doesn't matter from glory to glory. He's changing you and changing men. I I I was trying to find the verse and it was actually let's stand this morning as we just the verse was um but we all with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord are changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. I just want to read you this other one that says another way of putting it. So all of us who have had that vow removed can see and reflect the glory of the Lord. And the Lord who is the spirit makes us more and more like him as we are changed into his glorious image. So that's what we are here for this morning is to be changed to become more like Christ into the image of the Lord. And that is what's going to happen this morning. Some of us are going to have a lot of work. Some of us can have just a few little minor things, but we're all going to be changed this morning to become more like the Lord. By the time that clock rings 12:30, we're changed a bit more. So, that's the God that we come to this morning. We to change us. Let's just let's commit ourselves to the Lord this morning, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that we can we thank you that we can come to you this morning, Lord Jesus, and be changed from glory to glory, Lord. And we know that in ourselves, we can't change ourselves, Lord. We don't have the capacity to work on ourselves or to make us more like you. We we don't know what that pathway is, Lord. We don't know how to do it. We don't have the means, Lord. But we're so thankful that you know the way. You You have the means. You know the pathway. You know the what needs to happen in each one of our lives to change us from glory to glory, Lord. And that's what we desire this morning is to be put upon your potter's will this morning and be changed, Lord, from to become more like you, Lord. To become less of us and more of you in our life, Lord. As John said, I must decrease and he must increase. Lord, may that may each one by the time we the service is finished this morning, may each one here have decrease more and you increase more in our life, Lord Jesus. That's what we desire, Lord. We we don't want to live in the flesh, Lord, but we want to walk in the spirit this morning, Lord Jesus, and continue to walk in your spirit. So, we just pray you bless each one. Bless the songs, bless the ministry, Lord. May you just come in a powerful way as we commit ourselves to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do we know that? Let's do that song, actually. I've got to get the right [Music] key. A, we got that one up there, Sister Talia. From glory to glory. Let's do that one. From glory to glory. He's changing me. Oh, he's changing me. He's changing me. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. Are he changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly? His likeness and image to perfect me. The love of God shown to the world. From glory to glory. He's changed me. Oh, he's changing me. He's changing me. His likeness and image to perfect me. The love of God shown to the world. Oh, he's changing, changing me from earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God. This thing he's changing. Oh yes. He's changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly his likeness and image to perfect me. The love of God shown to the world. Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is [Music] mine. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Love is mine. Love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. I told Satan you to get me behind in the name of Jesus. Joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan you get me behind. In the name of Jesus, peace is mine. Oh, peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus. I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got up on my feet with healing is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Will I say things to get me behind in the name of Jesus? Temperance is mine. Oh, temperance is mine. Temperance is mine. Temperance today is mine. Will I go Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus? Perfect faith is mine. Oh, perfect faith is mine. Perfect faith is mine. Perfect faith today is mine. Will I say you did me behind in the name of Jesus? I got up this morning. I got up this morning and I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please. I got up on my feet. I got up this morning. I got up this morning and I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up on my feet with victory. I got up this morning. I got up this morning and I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got up on my feet with victory. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. Oh, I walk free. I walk free when I heard the truth. I walk free and I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Years and years I labored to tears for my me since my deadness took me prisoner sold me to slavery. But every day that I to drawing closer. The 49th year was the longest year. And then I heard the trumpet sound. When I heard the I was free. I was free. Oh, I was free. When I heard the truth, I was free and I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me [Music] free in confusion. I had eyes but couldn't see. The enemy had me stomping in darkness, spiritual [Music] slavery. But then I heard the prophet speaking. I heard the voice behind the voice. He opened up the word and let the light shine in. Said, "You can all go free." When I walk free, I walk free. Oh, I walk free. When I walk free and I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And he the son set free. He is free. Jesus has set me. Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. Yes. Yes. And he set [Music] free when I walk free. Oh, I want I walk free. When I heard the I walk free and I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has sent me. All because Jesus has sent me. [Applause] Amen. For the church is moving on. is moving on. It's moving on. The church is moving on. Is moving on. Moving on. The promise. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. The proise. The proise. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving up. Moving up. Moving on. We are moving up with me. Moving on. The sisters. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. The sisters. The sisters. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. And the children. The children. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. All the children. The children. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving. [Music] Moving with me on moving on me. I'm moving with me. Moving on. I'm moving up with me. Moving on. The pride the prize is moving on. It's moving on. It's moving on. The prize the pride is moving on. It's moving on. Moving on. Nothing nothing can stop us now. Moving on. Moving on. Nothing. Nothing can stop us now. We're moving on. We're moving on. Nothing nothing can stop us now. We're moving on. We're moving on. Nothing. Nothing can stop us now. Moving on. Moving on. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving on. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving on. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving on. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving on. [Music] Amen. [Applause] When peace like a river. tendeth my way. When sorrows like seeds below grow, [Music] whatever my love thou hast told me to say is Well, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should bow, though trials should come, Let this bless the show [Music] control that Christ [Music] had my this day and share his own blood for my soul and it is well. Oh, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] I sing for the place of this [Music] glorious stor. [Music] Oh my sin not in part but [Music] the voice was there is now to this cross and I Praise. Oh, praise the Lord my soul. It is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] [Applause] And Lord, haste the day when my face shall peace and the clouds be roll back as a storm. [Music] The trump shall res sound and the Lord shall be sent. even so it is well with my soul. It is well. It is [Music] well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] How great the [Music] cas that lay high the mountain I could not in desperation I turned to him spoke your name Then through the darkness, your loving [Music] God is great. [Music] Jesus Christ [Music] my who could imagine so great a mercy what heart could fathom such boundless grace The God of angels stand with my soul among. The cross has [Applause] spoken. I am for him. The king of kings hold me. You live for Savior. I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ my living. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the one who set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. Death has lost his grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my [Music] livinging. Then came the morning and sealed the promise. Your buried body began to re out of the sight. The roaring light. Declare the grave has no claim on me. Oh Jesus, yours is the victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ my living. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost it. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ my living hope. [Music] All throughout all throughout my history, your faithfulness walk beside me. When his storms may wait for spring, in every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. All of my life. All of my life. I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfilling all of my life. All of my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. Fear may come, but fear will lead. You lead my heart. You lead my heart to victory. [Music] You are my strength and you always will I see the evidence of all of my life. Oh my I see your promises. I see your promises in all my life. Oh, I see the evidence. I do. I see the evidence of your goodness. All of my life. I see your promises. I see your promises in all of my life. All of my I see the cross. I see the cross. The empty grave. The evidence is endless. Oh my [Music] go because you are [Music] Jesus. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you see that? You're not trying to see something. You see it. It's there. He proves it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you so much, musicians. Good to see everyone here this morning. Amen. Like to welcome Stacy back from Oz. Amen. On her way to Sierra Leone in a week. God bless you. Amen. So, she's going back on the mercy ship. So, keep her in prayer. Amen. So, Amen. God bless you. Amen. We want to um So, just a couple of announcements. One is can we just after service can we have um all the tech team and all the musicians who are going to be here over Easter can we meet up because we need to plan how we're going to have service over Easter because a lot of us are away at the convention so and we're in Canada so you know so we need to make a plan for that. Um and also we'd like to have a youth service the first Sunday of May if that's all good. Okay so we'll plan that and um yes praise the Lord. So let's um let's turn to the scripture. We're going to go to um 1 Corinthians 13 and then we're going to go to 2 Corinthians chapter 3. And I always find it interesting. I always listen to brother Isaac's opening comments. And I just felt today, well, I pretty much might as well just sit down. We'll sing a song and go home because it's basically he just took one of my opening scriptures and here we are. So, praise the Lord. I like it when God does those things. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, 1 Corinthians 13 uh verse4, we're going to read down to the end of the chapter, I believe it is. Yes. Here. So says, "Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envithth not. Charity vaunteth not itself. Is not puffed up, does not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoicth not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things, charity never faileth. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. where there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now, we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. Amen. Then 2 Corinthians uh chapter 3 and from verse 13 down to verse uh 18 here. Um it's just one more piece of scripture we're going to read. And um Amen. So when you're there, you want to say amen. Amen. And and not as Moses, this is from verse 13, and not as Moses which put a veil over his face, that the children of Israel could not steadfastly look at the end uh of that which is abolished, but their minds were blinded. For until this day remainth, the same veil untaken away in the reading of the Old Testament, which veil is done away in Christ. But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the veil is upon their heart. Nevertheless, it shall it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken. Sorry. When it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. Now the Lord is that spirit. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. But we all with open face, beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the spirit of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. We just got one prayer, a couple of prayer requests. Got one is my sister Hannah is 41 weeks pregnant. She's wanting her baby to be born. So, we just pray that the Lord would touch her. should be all calm and and and and um their son will be born healthy, well, and strong. I think also the Bailey's and Poas are unwell. That's why they're not here. So, we're going to remember them in prayer. If there's any other need, you just want to slip your hand up to the Lord. Say, "Lord, remember me." Uh Lord, as you pass by this morning, amen. So, let's let's approach our father, almighty God, our father which are in heaven. Lord, your name is greatly to be praised this day. We want to thank you so much. We can stand here, Lord. Gather as a people to worship you in spirit and in truth. Dear God, thank you for your blood which still atones, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We can sing it as well with our souls, Lord, because you have shown us it as well. And Father, we just want to remember the uh Lord, my sister Hannah, dear God, she's one week overdue. I just pray, Father, you'd touch her, dear God. May may may today be the day, Lord God, when contractions start. And Lord, when when their son is born, and may she be relaxed and may you just be, Lord, be present there with with her. and Lord and Chris, Lord Jesus. Bless them, Lord. And may may their son be born well, Father. May may there be no complications. And we also want to remember the POS, Lord, the Bailey's who are unwell in body. Father, pray you touch them, dear God. Anyone else who's not here because of sickness, Father, thank you for the power of your blood, Lord, which we can call upon your great name that you would touch them. And Father, any Lord, there's many needs among us, Lord. Where there's people, there's needs, dear God. So, Father, may you touch every need. If it's spiritual, financial, physical, whatever it is, dear God, I pray you'd meet the need today through your word and may you anoint the word that that we have just read. Lord, anoint us as speaker and hearer as well. And may you be glorified, Father, in our midst in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can you can have your seat. So, I want to speak about the uh the power of revelation today. And it's very I don't think this can ever be underemphasized or even overemphasized is the power of revelation in our lives. Now we read here we read here in uh 1 Corinthians 13 and I just want to draw your attention to this that that the apostle Paul would say that there would come a day where we don't where where that which is perfect has come that which is in part shall be done away. Now, brother Brown makes a statement that he said by God's grace, we have the perfect interpretation to the word of God. So that which is perfect has come. Now I say that because it places this scripture where you can see the apostle Paul is placing this in the future. It's actually now this is in manifestation. Now brother Bram says that that which is perfect has come and that which is part is done away. And what that in part done away is is trying to manufacture Christianity. He's trying to speak in tongues. that which is the part that's the childish thing. So the gifts and everything is still here right because it's part of the scripture it's part of the word but now it's come to its perfect place where it's God doing it through the people. Amen. So we have the perfect interpretation to the word. So so the apostle Paul is saying I'm now seeing through a glass darkly but then when the perfect interpretation comes when that which is perfect has come I'll see him face to face. So this is this day. Amen. And then I shall know even as also I am known. So God has a revelation of you and I. And and now is the season where we're not wondering what he thinks of us. We're not guessing what he thinks about us, we know because he reveals his thoughts of us towards you and I. Now we understand that God's thoughts cannot change. So what he thought of you before the foundation of the world, that's how you're going to be. Amen. So he thought of you as an overcomer, victorious, made in the image of his word. He, you know, he made you exactly like him, right? That's how he thought of you. And now he's going to pour that revelation into you through the opening of the word, through the message of the hour that you would now know as you are known. Hallelujah. This is incredibly important because there's nothing and I and I'll come to it, but there's nothing as as important or nothing as prevailing as the power of revelation. Okay. So now as as we read here in 2 Corinthians 13, now that as we behold the word, we are changed. As we behold him, we are changed. Now, that word changed is where we get the in the Greek, it's the word metamorphos. So, it's where we get the word metamorphosis. So, there's a transformation like a caterpillar to a butterfly goes on that that there's a transformation going on on the inside. Amen. That you know, even you know, in a cryis, you can't see the transformation, but it happens, right? And people look at you and you say, well, you're the same old person living in the same old body. Amen. Sure, there's a slight change, but you know, they can't see the full transformation going on in the inside. Amen. But when these bodies are changed, they'll see there's a difference. Amen. So, this is where we get the word metamorphosis, which is to be transformed. Amen. Change. It means, so we're as we behold the word, we're transformed into the word. Now, brother Brand makes this statement here. He says, "Now, the Greek word for revelation is apocalypse, which means the unveiling." So the book of revelation is the unveiling of Jesus Christ. Okay. Now this unveiling is perfectly described in the as an example of a sculptor unveiling his work um of of of a statue. So I can't say that word just now exposing it to the onlooker. It is an uncovering revealing what was previously hidden. Now the uncovering is not only the revelation of the person of Christ. It is the revelation of his future work in oncoming seven church ages. the the importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelation more means more to you than you perhaps realize. Now, I'm not talking about this book of Revelation and you. I'm talking about all Revelation. It is tremendously important to the church. Amen. Because now we got to realize that revelation is more than a a a scriptural truth becoming clear. It's more than just an oh, that's a nice idea. That's a nice thought. like it's something that's ex that's that's external from the believer that you just kind of acquire. But actually revelation is the unveiling of what's already within you. I mean because remember we already we always were believers, right? We had to come to a point where we realized we were believers. That's when we gave our life to the Lord and he filled us with the Holy Ghost to signify we're his children. But we always were like brother Bram said that to have eternal life, you always had it, right? You didn't receive it when you gave your heart to the Lord. You always had it. But that came to a point where you recognize who you really were. So you surrendered your human will over to God and let him come and change you to match who you already are in your soul. Amen. So, so, so, so the revelation of Jesus Christ and his works in the future church ages also speaks of you. Amen. Because this because because his future works, what is that? What is the main part of his future works? It's the manifestation of the overcomers in each age. I mean, it's more than knowing what the horse riders are. It's actually knowing who you are in the scripture. I mean, that's the most important thing. So, so his, so it's he's going to unveil who the overcomers are in each age. So, he's actually unveiling you, revealing that on the inside of you. You are an overcomer already. You got to realize it. Amen. That's what the revelation of the word does. It causes you to realize who you really are. Amen. So the see the see the believer, we had no idea who we were until God be to take the veil off our life. Amen. I thought I was a sport-loving kid from Gisbon. That's right. I come to find out I was totally wrong. Praise God. I come to find out when the veil came off my life. I mean, I wasn't a Kiwi living in this place and being a, you know, studying science and whatever more and loving sport. No, when the veil came off, I saw I was a son of God. I already was a son of God, but the but the revelation of the word revealed who I already was. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So now, Brother Bam says this here, I'm just trying to follow my notes today. As I've always um as he says here in the revel um this in the church age book, as I have already said, this book revelation is the consummation of the scriptures. It's even placed perfectly right in the cannon of scripture at the end. Now you can know um you can know why it says that anyone who reads it or hears it will be blessed. It is the revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil and you can see why they they who would add or take away from it would be cursed. It would have to be so. For who can add or take away from the perfect revelation of God and overcome the enemy? You cannot. I mean it is that simple. There is nothing as such prevailing power as the revelation of the word. Amen. So revelation is the main thing. It's the main thing. Amen. Even salvation has to be a revelation. Amen. When it's revealed to you Jesus died for you personally on Calvary, it changes your whole life. It changed my life. That's for sure. I was never the same person again when he took the veil off it and showed me that that actually I am part of his plan of redemption. It changes everything. Amen. Everything stems from the revelation of the word. Amen. And if you want victory, it comes from revelation. Amen. If you want the peace of God that passes all understanding, it comes from revelation. If you want joy, it comes from revelation. Amen. That's why David could dance before the ark as it was coming into his city is because he was rejoicing you. Because when McCall challenged him about his, you know, about his worship, he said, "No, it's because God has chosen me." Amen. To become king. He had great joy. He had revelation. And God had chose him to be in this position and that's why he rejoiced because it was God's choosing. This was God's work in his life. So his dance came from revelation. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Revelation of what? The revelation of who you are in Christ. Amen. Is absolutely fundamental. If you're struggling in your walk with God, pray for revelation. Amen. If you're if you're becoming doubleminded about a decision, pray for revelation. Because doublemindedness brings spiritual amnesia. Amen. That's putting a veil back on something. But God's word has come to take the veil off. Amen. It doesn't matter what happens in our lives. We can seek God in that and we can realize because what is the greatest revelation? Who Jesus Christ is. Amen. And once because brother Ram says, "What is the new birth?" The revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Amen. You may shout, you may scream, you may cry all those things, but it is the revelation of Jesus Christ to you. Amen. That is the new birth. Amen. It's how it works. come in all different ways but that is the main thing because when you realize who he is then you know who you are. Amen. So if you're struggling in any part of your life say God give me revelation. Amen. I could I don't think I could ever o uh overemphasize that. That's why people struggle to look at the world and look at the word what they need is a revelation. Amen. And it brings it brings everything into the right perspective. And see even insecurities are overcome by revelation. You feel insecure. You don't feel comfortable in your own skin. Cuz it's funny. Everyone wants to be someone else. If you've got straight hair, you want curly hair. If you've got no hair, you want hair. If you want, if you got light skin, you want dark skin. If you got dark, you want light skin. There's all this. The whole world wants to be someone else. It's the cultural pressure of the age. They everyone wants to change. You want brown eyes. Yeah. You got blue eyes, you want brown eyes. Or brown eyes, blue eyes. Or green eyes, you know, whatever. you know, big nose, small nose, big ears, you want small, you know, all those things. You're extrovert, well, you're an introvert, you want to be an extrovert. Extrovert, you want to be an introvert. You know, so what it is is is there's a the spirit of Lady Oia brings a pressure in that makes you feel insecure. A Amen. But what conquers that revelation? Amen. Cuz when it's revealed to you, you're a son of God, you're at rest saying, God, you made me this way for a purpose. Amen. You built me. Amen. You gave me this temperament, this characteristic, everything because you want to express your word through that to the world. Absolutely. Amen. So if you feel insecure, pray for revelation. Amen. Revelation will prevail over that. Amen. See, when it's revealed to you, so for example, you know, if you came out of the world, when it's revealed to you that smoking, drinking, partying, gossiping, gaming, just being a church member, it isn't who you are because you're a child of God, you repent of that real quick. Amen. because you realize you've allowed that thing to rule your life. That's why you repent. Lord, forgive me that I've been living as a slave when I should be living as a son of God because you've revealed to me I am a son of God. Amen. And those things by the power of revelation go beneath you and they are dead. That's what re revelation kills. Not the believer, the enemy. Amen. So this is so important that we that we always in everything in life pray for revelation. Amen. God gives you the revelation you're his child. You're never out of his care. You never be begging bread. God will look after you in every situation. Doesn't matter what the world economics are doing. God will take care of you. God will make sure his word is poured into you. Amen. Because he's ordained that you'd be formed into the fullness of the image of his word. So God will inspire some preacher somewhere to speak to you. Amen. He'll pour his anointing into you. Amen. Because you have been it's been revealed to you. You are his son or daughter. So you're never out of his care. Amen. You see, we must have faith in what the word says we are. Right now, remember, when it's revealed to you, when this when this is revealed to you, you're a son or daughter of God, you are this and you're actually one. You're not separate from the word. You're part of this word. You're an expression of this word. Amen. And so Jesus, so so I'm just going to read. Sorry if there's a lot of reading today, but I just want this to really sink in. Now remember, the only thing you have to do then, so if this revelation has struck your life, and I believe it has. It's why you're here that you're a son or daughter of God. Then you have to have faith in what you are. You must have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the word says you are. That's why it's so important. You feel, you know, you feel down, there's a double minus or you're struggling or the devil's pouring on pressure. What do you do? Go back into the word and identify what it says you are. you're a believer. Amen. You may have struggles, you're still a believer. You may have questions, you're still a believer. You may have temptation, you're still a believer. Amen. None of those things change the fact you're a believer. Amen. So, it's so important that we keep we always go back into the scripture. Not what Instagram says we are. Not even what our friends say we are. Not sure what the devil says we are, but what the word says we are. Jesus had faith in the word. What? that said what he was. He had faith in that. Amen. And Jesus had sorry it is written of me. Didn't David and the Psalms and the prophets all them speak of him? I am the bread of life that came from God out of heaven. Amen. I am that tree of life from the garden of Eden. I am all these things. I am that I am. He knew with that perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah that the spirit of God was upon him. He said, "Now I in myself do nothing, but it's my faith in God." And God was in him. the word made manifest. And when the word of God comes in you, it's made manifest. For you're a believer. See, and a believer is the faith of God that moves in you. Amen. So the word of God, if the Holy Ghost is in you, the word of God is in you. Amen. The word of God is in you. So if the word of God is in you, you can have perfect faith now and what God has made you to be. You say, "Well, I didn't feel it." You don't have to feel nothing. What do you choose to believe? Amen. What do you decide? Because there's two options, but your choice dictates which way you're going to go. Are you choose to going to be be an unbeliever or are you going to choose to be a real believer? I choose to be a real believer. Do I feel it? Do I think it? Do I agree with it? That's irrelevant. I choose to agree with the word that I'm a believer. Amen. Jesus had perfect faith in in in who he was. You say, "Well, but but he wasn't born with spiritual amnesia. He knew who he was from the beginning." That is true. That's why the spirit of God has come in this age to take that amnesia out of our lives. The revelation you've been unveiled. You don't realize it, but God has taken the covering off of your life to show what's already within you. Amen. You know, an artist that builds a sculpture, he's not busy chiseling as the veil comes off. It's already there. It's just going to be made manifest. The sunlight's got to come and reveal what's already there. It's the same thing with you and I, friends. He says, "Now watch now." and he and he to us if you abide in me. So I'm just trying to make sure I've got everything here. Here he says, "Now watch now." He said to us, "If you abide in me in my word and you St. John here, you can ask what you will. It'll be done. Then recognize your position in the scripture as a believer." See, you've got to recognize your position as he recognized his position. Amen. So, you've got to recognize your place and position as a believer. This is very important. Amen. Now, it's not now it's very important that we that we do not allow the devil to place us in the scripture. Amen. Because he could not even correctly identify the Lord Jesus as the Messiah. Because when he was tempting the Lord Jesus in the desert, he said, "If thou be the son of God, if thou be the son of God." So, he wasn't sure. So he could not he could not position if he could not position the son of God, our messiah in the position in the scripture correctly, how on earth is he going to place you and I? Amen. So the devil will try and make us think, you know, see he will he will he will try and place us as a no hopeer. Amen. That that you know what am I even doing here kind of a person. I just don't feel like a believer. I just don't feel like I have faith. He'll try and position you that way. Amen. But you've got to identify, recognize your position in the scripture as a believer. Amen. I'm like Joshua. I'm a believer like Peter. Sure, I've had my ups and downs and my failures, but there's something in me that wants to get to Jesus. Amen. I'm like John. I'm like the woman at the well. Amen. Had a troubled past and broken, you know, cycles of pain and hurt and all these things. But one day, the word came my way. Amen. The Messiah came my way and revealed himself. He took the veil off himself to me and took the veil by the same way took the veil off of my life. Amen. I know who I am now. Amen. I'm like the woman with the blood issue. Tried everything to find satisfaction and peace. But one day I heard the master was passing by and he gave me faith to touch the hem of his garment by faith. And now I'm no longer the same. Amen. I'm like Jeras, a good church member, but needs Jesus to come to his house to raise up a dead child. Amen. I'm like Legion. Amen. bound and separated by darkness in the tombs, living in death and skulls and hatred and malice and strife. But Jesus knew where I was. Amen. Jesus came and found me. Hallelujah. Amen. So I'm like them. Amen. Cuz they are real believers. Amen. It's like think like brother Isaac said, doesn't matter how you start, that's irrelevant. Amen. That just means you got a big covering over you, but God's here to take the veil off of your life to show you who you really are. Hallelujah. So I think we should identify ourselves. They all had problems. They all had questions. They all had struggles. But they are real believers. Amen. Being a real believer does not mean you're absent from trouble, trials, or stress, pain, or anguish, or sorrow. It's all there. But you're a real believer. Doesn't change that fact. Amen. Praise the Lord. Joshua uh Joshua would would uh recognize who he was by revelation. Revelation gives authority over every work of darkness. Amen. The revelation of who you are. Joshua recognized his position in the word as a believer. He was not a makebeliever. He was not an unbeliever. He didn't join up with Kora and Dayan and try and split the church in the wilderness. He didn't stay in Egypt with the Egyptians and didn't apply the blood. No, he was a real believer. Amen. And because Joshua because of revelation, it was revealed to him. He was a manifestation of the promise of God given to Abraham. So he had a revelation, I am a manifestation of the word for my day. Amen. As as as God would tell uh Abraham in Genesis 15:16, "But in the fourth generation, thou come hither again where to the promised land, for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full." Hallelujah. So Joshua, God revealed to him, you're part of that prophecy. Amen. Because you're going to bring them hither again. You're part of the fulfillment of that. Who's with me today? Amen. You see, so the prophecy, the word, it went from a nice idea or a nice promise of something that's going to happen in the future to a living reality. Amen. God gave him the revelation. You are part of the fulfillment of this. Amen. So the prophecy became unveiled to Joshua and he saw by revelation that he wasn't going to just come out of Egypt. He was going into the promised land. And the reason he was going to the promised land is because he was a son of God. Amen. As the prophecy, you know, I think it said in Hosea and Matthew and it was speaking of of of Israel coming out of Egypt. Also speaking of Christ coming out of Egypt, but it would say out of Egypt I have called my son. Amen. And Joshua knew that he was part of part of, you know, he was he was part of that. Amen. To come out of come out of Egypt. Now, praise the Lord. So, so Joshua, he realized that he was he was part of this revelation. It gave him authority in every battle he fought because remember, revelation places you as a son of God. If you're placed as a son of God, you've got dominion over everything. Amen. And so Joshua was told by God, he said, "My servant Moses is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan. Thou and all this people unto a land that I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. Every place of the soul of your foot shall tread upon that have I given you as I said unto Moses. And it says in verse 5, there shall not be any man able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. For as I was with Moses, so I'll be with thee. I'll not fail thee nor forsake thee. And the reason he could no man could stand before him is because he had the revelation, I'm a son of God. See, his victories all stem from revelation. Amen. I'm going to repeat this cuz you got to realize overcoming power is from revelation. Victory is from revelation. Joy, peace, love, answered prayer, everything. Your trust in God comes from revelation. We can be still and know that he is God is because of revelation. Amen. So, so he there he was and he was instructed to to take the children of Israel over over Jordan, place them in the land. But the reason he did that is because it was revealed to him. He was part of the fulfillment of that. friends, we're part of the fulfillment of the word. Amen. Revelation places us in the scripture. Amen. That we actually literally stepped out of the prophecy of the Bible. Amen. Because you see Joshua when when when Abraham told told um or sorry, God told Abraham that, you know, they're going to come back to the promised land and they're going to be slaves and all these different things. There was no mention of the name of Joshua or Moses or the Pharaoh or anything. But when God spoke it in his mind, he knew those details were part of that prophecy. Amen. So, so Joshua by revelation realized I'm part of this word. So if I'm part of this word and God says that we're going to possess the land, we're going to possess the land. Amen. So it was revealed to him and now he So it was revealed to Joshua that he was part of the word. It was revealed to him his position in that prophecy. And because he was part of the word, now the word has full authority. The word has full authority everywhere. It has authority in heaven. It has authority in earth. It's got authority in hell. It's got authority over every devil, every sickness, every disease, every circumstance. The word has full supreme authority. And because Joshua had a revelation, he was part of that word. And that word has supreme authority. Then nothing could stand before him until the work was completed. Amen. That's why he could stand there. Amen. He was anointed by that word. The same inspiration that said, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars." Was now in him. Amen. By revelation, he knew he was placed as a son of God above nature. I mean, above everything. I mean, he had supreme authority cuz he why he had the revelation. I'm part of the fulfillment. That's why he could stand there and say, "Son, stand still. Moon, stand still." He was inspired by the word to speak those things. That wasn't his idea. That was God's idea moving through him. Amen. Because he had the revelation, I'm a son of God, he could let God speak through him and do what God wanted to do. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. But when Joshua when Joshua was in Egypt, his true self was not veiled. I mean, sorry, was still veiled. He was like the rest of them, a slave. Amen. Caleb was a slave, too. They were all and they would all gather no doubt and they would speak about the promised deliverer that was going to come. They were looking at the uh conditions of the world and all these things and they they would be excited that the deliverer was going to come. But what caused the veil to come off come off Joshua and Caleb's life. Was it the miracles that Moses did? No. Cuz they all saw the same miracles. They all walked through the same Red Sea. They saw the pillar of fire move and different things and the flies and the frogs and the light and go darkness in Egypt. They all saw those miracles. So the supernatural didn't take the veil off. It gathered the people, but it didn't take the veil off. What was the thing that took the veil off? It was the word of God Moses preached. Amen. The the the anointed preaching of the word will take the veil off a son or daughter of God to reveal to them who they really are. Amen. That's why Joshua and Caleb were not like the uh 10 other spies cuz they were veiled. They still had a slave mentality. How many times that the people they would see signs and wonders, but because it wasn't a revelation that they were that they were, you know, going to go into the promised land, they were still veiled with a slave mentality. That's when you see someone you know and you love and you see they still got a slave mentality to sin. You say, "Lord, take the veil off their life. Lord, give them revelation of who who they really are." Amen. Amen. But you see now, see, it was the message of Moses that unveiled who Caleb really was to himself. Amen. See, and it was and it was also the message of Moses. It was the revelation of it that caused the young generation not to side with the older generation that wanted to go back into the wilderness, wanted to go back into Egypt and want to do all those things. But the veil came off them by the preaching of the word that they weren't going backwards, they were going forwards. Amen. They were going into their inheritance. Amen. And it's the message of the hour that gives us revelation of the word and gives you revelation of who you really are. Amen. You need to find yourself as a believer in the scripture. It's like it says in Malachi 4:5, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord." I trust God's given you the revelation that the you in that scripture is you. Amen. He sends you. You put your name there. He sent you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Before the great tribulation sets and before the wrath of God is poured out upon this earth, he's going to send you Elijah. And what's the purpose? That God is going to turn your heart. Amen. Back to the faith of the original fathers. Hallelujah. I mean, you got to see yourself in that scripture. That's why this message has impacted you. Amen. It's impacted you. It's moved you. It's It's made you live a certain way because God has literally turned your hearts back to the original apostolic faith of the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what God has done. You got to realize what's because the devil wants to always diminish the work of God in your life. God's doing a mighty work. He's doing an incredible thing. Amen. To turn a people's heart back to the faith of the whole word of God. Amen. Not just to take creeds and dogmas and nice ideas, but the whole word. We believe it. Amen. What did that? God did it. Not your upbringing. Upbringing is good, but not your upbringing. It's God taking the veil off. I mean, that's why I always pray, God, give everyone a revelation. Reveal to them who you are. Reveal to them who they are in you, Lord. Amen. Like Revelations 10:8-11. John's commanded to take the book, the open book, out of the hands of the angel, the mighty angel. He's commanded to take the book and eat the book and prophesy again. John there in the scripture represents the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. When they take this message, they become one with this message. Amen. And then they speak it under inspiration that it lives again. I trust you see yourself in them. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because if you see yourself in the in the word, you can be like Joshua. God's I'm a son of God. I have authority over over everything that stands in my way. Praise the Lord. And he being the groom, the bride is uh has to come forth because it's part of him. And it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations any others have spoke of of the bride. It's only it can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. It isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, word, power of his power. She is him. As man and woman are one, excuse me. And um and woman taken from his side. She uh she has taken a spirit, the feminine spirit from him, the flesh from his side, made both mechanics and dynamics. The wife, the spirit of him and the flesh of him, and put together and made mechanics and dynamics. Amen. So God is a people. You got to realize revelation will show you this is you. You're both the mechanics of the word and the dynamics of the Holy Ghost through flowing through the church. Praise the Lord. Because God has ordained that every promise of the bride will be fulfilled in this day. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now says in Ephesians 1:20, he says, "Which he which he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead." Now I'm just going to qualify how I said Joshua had dominion over all things because of revelation. Okay? When he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead and set him at his right hand in heavenly places far above all. I like those words. That's why I put it I put it in yellow. far above all principality, power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come, and hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head of um over all things, to the church, which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all. Amen. So the Lord Jesus Christ has been raised far above all things. Amen. There's that means that there's so he is seated in power and authority far above everything that can be named in here or hell or in heaven far above all things. That means there's nothing can stand against him and there is nothing left that can stand against him. I mean he has conquered everything that can be conquered. Right? This is his position far above all things. He has supreme authority over all things. Now it says in Romans chapter 8 that we are joint hes with Christ. Amen. We're joint ears with Christ. Everything he fell heir to his position, his power, his authority, we have fallen air to as well. Amen. So we're equal ears with him. So if he's been seated far above all principalities, powers of might and dominion, everything that can be named, Satan, all of his works, all of the works of man, all the works of darkness, if he's been seated far above all those things, then where is the bride's position? Where he is. Amen. Where he is. Amen. You see, so revelation, revelation of who you are, being a son of God, of being part of his body. Praise God. If you know you're a son or daughter of God, you're part of his body. Amen. It's more than being part of a church. That's part of it, but that's not it. It's being part of him. He can't lose a part of himself. That's one thing he cannot do is lose part of himself. Amen. So, if he if he is far above all things and then he's put everything under under his feet, under his body, then where are we? We're above all things, too. You say, "Well, I'm insignificant. I'm I'm not a big part of the body of Christ." Listen, if you are the if you're the skin on the little toe of the foot of the body, you're still on the head of the devil. Amen. You're still above him. You still can dictate to him what he can do, what he can't do. I mean, you can still intercede on other people's behalf. Your words have more weight with God than the devil's words. Amen. We are joint ears with him. Praise the Lord. Now, it says here in uh Ephesians 1 again, it says, "Wherefore I also after I've heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and love unto all the saints, cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him, the eyes of your understanding, being enlightened, that you may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints, and what is the exceeding ing greatness of his power to us would who believe according to the working of his mighty power. Amen. So the apostle Paul is is is is praying that the that we would we would receive the spirit of wisdom and revelation. That's why brother Ram said it's very important. We could it can never be overemphasized that the eyes of your understanding would be enlightened. Now this word enlightened means that a light turns on. A light turns on. It's like turning on natural lights. Amen. Because we uh I'm sure all experienced there's a big difference uh between walking through a place where the lights are on. Look, just like the lights are on here, it's you know, it's it's bright and I say walk from here to there. You're not going to kick a chair. You're not going to fall down some steps. You're not going to bump into someone cuz you can see. Your eyes have been enlightened. But then now you turn off all the lights and it's pitch black in here and I say, "Now walk from here to there." You ain't going to walk the same way. You're not going to walk with confidence down the middle of the aisle. You're going to be real careful. Like, who's who's I'm sure we all have. Who's gone to the bathroom in the middle of the night? And now the lights are all off. So, what are you doing? You're now walking from memory. This piece of furniture is here. This is here. But you still walk carefully because no one likes to kick the corner of the bed in the middle of the night, right? But you see now, if you're if you're if the lights are off, your eyes are not enlightened. So you're walking by something you've been taught or by a memory, right? So you can't walk in the same way as if your eyes are enlightened, the lights are on and you just walk. You see, when the veil comes off our off our eyes, off our life, our eyes become enlightened. We can see. Amen. We can see. I know who you are, God. I know who I am in you. Amen. I know what the devil's doing. I know his tricks. I know when things aren't right. I can walk in this world confidently. I don't have to try and fit in with everyone. I don't have to give into peer pressure. That's ungodly peer pressure. I don't have to try and, you know, I can I can be a son of God walking through this world with confidence that God is leading me. Why? Cuz my eyes have come open. Now, you can you can try and tell someone all of the pitfalls, and we should. You know, careful where you walk, don't touch this, this will affect you badly, do this, don't do that, all those things. But if it's just dos and don'ts and it's not a revelation, they're still going to walk and bump into things. And sure, being humans, we still do bump into things, but we realize, I'm a son of God. There is a blood that's atoning for me. Amen. Praise the Lord. And we now, Brother Bram tells a story. Brother Ram tells a story of a man who was who was a soldier and he was he was uh he lost his mind. He got amnesia because of shell shock and you know in war all the bombs were going off. He lost lost his mind. He couldn't handle it anymore. And then what happened was he was going to be taken with a bunch of other soldiers on a train and they were traveling to a sanatorium which is basically a mental place you know for people who like like that who forgot who they were. They could go and live the rest of their days out. Now on his on his way now this is like many this is like many people today believers they're saved but they don't know who they are. We got to know who we are. We need that revelation of who we are because on the inside of him he knew who he you know there's a veil had come on his life because of shock and life can try and put a veil over us. We start guessing. We kind of come under pressure make irrational decisions and all these things. We forget who we can forget who we are. But that's why you don't be double-minded. Stay with the Lord. Stay with his word. And then so here he is. He's in shell shock. He's on his way to the sanatorium or however you say it. And then they stop at this they stop at a railway station on the way there. And the guards let them out and they they could, you know, walk around. They could walk around a bit. And then and then there's this there was this one one young fell that they were watching and he stopped acting like the rest of them. He began to rub his eyes. He began to look around and you know he he began to study different things and look at things like a like a water tower and things and then he started walking out of the station and he started walking down a path and now the um now one of the guards was going to stop him. But then another guard said, "No, no, let's just follow him, see where he's going to go." So what had happened now is he started to look at familiar places. See, he was veiled with this amnesia. But but as he began to look at at familiar things, this amnesia began to start lifting because he started to find his his his way back home again. And then now as he was walking, he went down a hill over another hill and then finally he came to a came to a house and then outside that house there was an old man who got up and embraced him, threw his arms around him, said, "My son, I knew you would return. They told me you were dead, but I know you would return." And the boy came back to himself. His amnesia left him. And he could identify who he was. He knowed that that was his father. So he received a revelation by his father embracing him that that who he was. It all came back to him. Remember before the foundation of the world, God thought of us a certain way. We were just a thought in his mind. Now we're expressed. But it takes the father to embrace us, his word to embrace us, for us to come back to who we really are. You see, as he was walking, seeing familiar places, what was happening was his theophony was bumping into him. Brother Ram says that heaven bumps into you all the time. You may not see it. Amen. You may not see the it in the building and see that your other world, but heaven is bumping into you. You do something wrong. What? Heaven bumps into you, convicts you to go another way and you begins to bless you with the word and open the word to you. And what's happening? That's heaven trying to get your attention that you're a son of God. That you got a theophony on the other side. And then finally, when he came to his father and embraced him, that amnesia left him. Amen. He knew who he was. That's why it's so important. Let the spirit of God impact us. Amen. Don't let a bad day impact you. Don't let your troubles impact you. Don't let the shock of whatever's going on impact you. Let the word of God impact you. That's why it's so important that we have the spirit of God move in the meetings. Amen. That's why it's so important we have camp or when you know we just let God move. Why is that? So God can reach down and touch our lives, open our hearts. Amen. That we could come to ourselves and realize who we really are. Amen. So, so before this happened to him, sure, he was going to a safe place. He was being cared for. Saying like people who are, you know, maybe they have a mental acknowledgement that they're saved. It's a good thing, but that it it it needs to go beyond that. that full amnesia could come off because when amnesia leaves then what God has placed you as a son can come into manifestation. Amen. Praise the Lord. Seems like brother Brown would say, you know, it's like a blind man who had never seen before, but he goes outside and he feels the sunlight impact him, feels the warmth of the sun, and he's never seen it before. So, he doesn't know what is even happening to him. It's like us. We can't see into that unseen realm. So, we can't see. We can feel the effects of the Holy Ghost come down and touch our lives but we don't know who's we don't grasp the magnitude I don't think of what God is really doing. That's why brother Bram was sent this is why a prophet was sent in this day that could look to the unseen world and could see the pillar of fire moving in the meetings. He said look it just fell on this one just look fell on that one touch this one. The people maybe never saw the pillar of fire but they felt the anointing come down and change their lives. Amen. But he's identifying look Christ is here. Amen. to give you revelation to to take to take the veil off your life that you know who you really are. I mean, was it heaven reaching down? Amen. It's like who you I've never I've never heard anyone say this kind of statement before. When you after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food, then you left the other thing. Okay? So, we've all left some other thing, the world or religion or just some idea. We left that cuz something in us said, "Man, this is the word of God. This message is revealing Jesus Christ in the Bible. This is special. This is this is me, right? This is the word of the day." So, we all recognize that, but we never we never really understood the magnitude of it. Look at this. You've been you have been formed into the living image of the living God. You heard from your theophony. So, it goes far deeper than man. This word touches my soul and blesses me. And I'm so happy that the mysteries have come off the book. and I'm so happy that God has restored the truth and restored my faith back. It goes deeper than that. Amen. It's why it's God telling you, "No, actually, you've heard from your theophony." Amen. That you have an eternal body already waiting in the heavens for you. Amen. If this earthly body be dissolved, you have one waiting. Praise God. So, it doesn't matter what happens, what comes, what goes. I know where I'm going. Amen. Praise the Lord. Revelation makes us act differently to the rest of the world. Maybe we just go back here for a second. Sorry. So, you saw familiar places. But then you look at Adam and Eve. The opposite happened to this man with amnesia. God gave them dominion over the earth. He made the he made the minor gods under under himself. He made earth their domain. Adam and Eve. Now, but when Adam forfeited the godship in order to save Eve and and and he allowed sin to rule instead. That's why, you know, people ask, why is there sickness? Why is there storms? Why is there earthquakes and horrible things going on? It's because Adam forfeited his right to be king of the earth. And Satan took his place. And now now that's why he's called the prince of the power of the air because he has he has right to to to rule that atmosphere and bring storms, bring hardship, bring sickness, pain, and sorrow and death. But you see now, so so Adam and Eve when they when they no longer had dominion, even even in themselves because they fell from that position, the very God they loved and they knew that that that he was their father, they hid from him. And he no longer Adam had no longer had dominion over nature, the earth by the spoken word. But God said he would give the promise back. So God is basically saying, I'm going to restore back man to his original position. I'm going to take the veil off them that they know who they really are. Amen. And so as I saying, I hope this is not worrisome, but as I said, revelation gives you authority. Everything stems from it. Brother Bram tells a story of a of a of a African slave in America and a slave owner comes down to comes down to buy slaves and then he and then he sees he's you know looking at the all the slaves working and the and the slave masters were whipping a whole bunch of ones but they never touched one of them and he he conducted himself differently. He conducted himself differently to the rest of the slaves and he wasn't whipped once. And this slave buyer came and he and he says he says that he wanted to buy him. So let's just read this here. One day when the slave buyer came by and he noticed how he was whipping those slaves, making them work all but one man. They didn't have to whip him. Shoulders back, chin up. He was right out um at any moment. And the broker said, "I'd like to buy that fellow." Said, "Oh," said the owner, "He's not for sale. Can't sell him." "Well," said, "I noticed you don't have to correct him." Said, "No, what's the matter? Is he the boss over them all? No, he's just a slave. Maybe you feed him different than you do the other slaves. Said, "No, they all eat in the same galley. They're just a slave." "Well, what makes him so different from the rest of them?" said, "I wondered too till I found out one day that over in the homeland where he come from Africa, his father is the king of the tribe. And though he's an alien, yet he knows he's a son of a king, and he conducts himself like one." So the revelation of who he was made him live differently to the rest of the slaves. Amen. Sure. You know, we all we all live in the same world, right? We all have the same pressures and problems as does as does everyone else, believer, unbeliever, right? But because of revelation, we are sons and daughters of God. It causes us to think differently, act differently, speak differently because of who we are. I mean, this man was an alien there in America. He he knew he's never going home back to Africa to take up his his role as king. But that did not change the fact because his identity was I'm a prince. Amen. I'm a prince. I'm not like everyone else. I'm a prince. I was born different. Amen. And by the new birth, we're born different. Amen. It reveals to us who we really are. So we go through, listen, we are aliens in this world. This world is not our home. We're just a passing through. But then why should we, you know, if we're an alien, then let's conduct ourselves as sons and daughters of God. Let's not fit in with everyone else and think the same way they are and speak the same way they do. Let us speak like sons and daughters of God. Praise the Lord. And conduct ourselves like this. Amen. Now, I just want to I just want to go into one more. I see time slipping away, but just trust you with me here. Now, we want to go to the book of Joshua again because there's one there's one person I want to speak about in particular. That's Rahab. Praise the Lord. Amen. It says here in Joshua 2:11, he says, "And as soon as they heard, as soon as we heard these things, now now Rahab is speaking to the two spies here." Wait, do I have this up? Sorry. I put it back up. You know, she's speaking to the two spies here, and she's giving the report of how the people are in Jericho now. And he says, "And as soon as we heard these things, our hearts did melt. Neither did they remain any more courage in any man because of you. For the Lord your God, he is God in heaven above and earth beneath." Now therefore, I pray you swear unto me by the Lord, since I have showed you um showed you kindness, that ye may also show kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token. Amen. And that um ye will uh save alive my father, my mother, and my brethren, my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death. And the men answered her, and said, "Our lives for yours, if we if you utter not this our business, and it shall be when the Lord hath given us the land that we will deal kindly and truly with thee." Then she let them down by a cord through the window, for her house was upon the town wall, and she and she uh dwelt upon the wall. And she said unto them, "Get you to the mountains, let the pursuers meet you, uh uh I mean, lest the pursuers meet you, and hide yourselves there three days until the pursuers be returned, and afterwards may you go your way." And when the men said unto her, we will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear. And behold, when we are come into the land, thou shalt bind uh this line of scarlet thread in the window which thou dost let us down by, and thou shalt bring thy father, thy mother, and thy brethren, all thy father's household home unto thee. Amen. It says in the end there that and she bound the scarlet lion in the window. Now, Rahab, Rahab asked for a true token. I just want you to look at this now. before before the spies came to her, she was Rahab the harlot. Okay? Her life was veiled over. She didn't know who she really was. She did not know that she was to be a place of the only place of safety in a world that's falling apart or is going to fall apart. She did not know before that that in her was a was a true believer. This is like us. Now, this scarlet rope to me, it's an expression of the mercy that she's crying out for. Amen. Before, you know, it's like us, you know, there's an attribute of God laying in her that just had to come to life by hearing the word. It's the same thing with us. Brother Am says that every true believer, there's a cry in our hearts for God. There's a cry in our hearts for expression. There's a seed that's crying out to come alive and grow. And so, now here she is. Now, we didn't know that, you know, there was a cry exactly, you know, that there must be more to life. But there was just something in us that that we just weren't satisfied. Why am I trying to find satisfaction in different things, right? There was a cry. Sorry if I contradicted myself just here. Didn't mean to. I mean, but but it's the same thing in her life. Now, that true token, she already had that scarlet robe in her house. The spies did not give it to her. It was already there, but was veiled over by her first life, by her former life. Amen. It just had to come into expression. So when the veil when the veil came off of her life, when revelation came to her, amen, that there was mercy and she had received mercy, what did it do? Amnesia broke. You got to think about Jericho at this time. She just said that the hearts of everyone, our hearts have melted. Neither remain any more courage than any man because of what's going on. So this is the morale of the people of Jericho. They know they're doomed. They know the world's falling apart. They know no one has any answers. Right? So now before before this happened, she would have been under that same anointing. Right? But then when the veil came off of her life, she realized now no, I'm above this. I'm above Jericho. Amen. because I am a place of mercy now for everyone around me. Are we together? Amen. So it was a revelation that in her possession was a true token, a place of safety and salvation that gave her authority over the fear that gripped the city. Amen. This revelation caused her to overcome her past. This is why there's prevailing power in revelation. the the revelation she possessed now caused her to overcome her past her hurts and her complexes because before that, you know, she was a harlot. She would have had a world of hurt and pain and rejection just being used in little selfworth and all these things. But when she received this revelation, that veil was lifted. Amen. That veil was lifted that she was now she was possessing a place where salvation could be manifested. See, it didn't, you know, her world falling apart no longer concerned her. What was going on in the news didn't concern her. Her main concern was get her family under the token. Get her family into salvation. This was a motivating force because she realized that the mercy of God cuz God is rich in mercy. And now that mercy is actually in her. Amen. So because that mercy was in her, she allowed that to live out of her life. Amen. So the revelation that she carried gave her prevailing power, amen, over everything going on in Jericho. She was a light. She was a haven, a place that people could come and be free from the judgment that was coming. That's exactly like you and I, friends. Amen. Revelation gives us prevailing power over what's going on in the world. We don't need to fear. Amen. We should not be surprised. Let's just We should not be surprised that this trade war is going on, that the stock market's plunging because the prophet said America has to go bust. We shouldn't be surprised the gold price is going through the roof. We shouldn't be surprised. They have to go bust. I'm not saying this flippantly, but you just we're to realize the prophet said it's going to happen. We're now walking in the very manifestation of it. Look at there. I don't know. I don't know how many trillions of debt there are in America. All these things. But the prophet said it would happen. Amen. But before the world completely falls apart, what's going to happen? The bride is going to be gone. Amen. And what is really what really you know you know to us we think well actually the time frame of uh you know u Jericho falling was the fact that you know Israel would march around a certain way and it was but really what was God waiting for? For Rahab to get her family in. His main focus was actually that salvation being manifested in her house. Just like now the bride of Jesus Christ is God's main focus. Amen. You are his main focus. We're never out of his care. All that is really just the backdrop. Amen. So we can so so if we realize Lord we are I am your main focus Lord. We can rest in him and let him live through our lives. Don't get all tense and worried and doubleminded. What's going on? Does the word work? Does it not work? what's happening. We say, "Lord, your word is working. Lord, I trust you. Lord, you've given me a revelation. I'm your child." Amen. Praise the Lord. See, when when the two spies when the two spies spoke to her, they did not lay out the dos and don'ts of being a good church member, they didn't see all, you know, they did not give her a cood book, which is fine, and instruct her how to behave in church and how to be a good church member. That's all perfectly well, but that is not taking the veil off telling people how to behave in church. No, the veil comes off when the anointed word is preached and what is within them comes out. I mean because because her first question hearing of all the destruction coming is there must be a place of safety. There must be mercy in mixed with judgment somewhere because it was an attribute of God that was actually in her that needed to come to expression. Amen. Praise the Lord. When the veil comes off, we can impart eternal life. This is the greater works. I I'm going to be closing in just a couple of things. Says, notice the greater works was to have power in the church, not only to heal the sick by prayer, cast out the devils by prayer, but to impart eternal life to believers. The Holy Ghost was coming and given into the hands of the church to impart life. Oh, that's what Calvary meant. It took stoop, degraded men and women and lifted them into a place to be sons and daughters of God to heal the sick and to impart eternal life to give the Holy Ghost to obedient believers. Men who were once unbelievers made believers and impart spiritual eternal life. I mean when the veil came off Peter's life, what did he do? Imparted eternal life. Lay hands upon people. They received the Holy Ghost. Preached the word to Cornelius and his house was yet preaching the word. The Holy Ghost fell upon them. What happened through the preaching the word? eternal life was imparted. Amen. That's how much greater it is to say p pardon. How much greater is it to say this sick woman laying here I can pray a prayer of faith and she'll be healed. That's a great thing. But uh that's what he was going to do then. But said greater than this shall you do. I'm going to give you power not only to raise him up for a while but to give me eternal life which will be eternal forever. He says oh poor blind wretched people how do you miss that? Don't you see what the greater thing is? That's the greatest thing could ever happen was to impart eternal life to people. What is eternal life? The life that he lived, the life that was in him, impart that to others. Can a man do it? A son of God can by preaching, by prayer. Amen. We all have a part in this. God can use you to pray for someone. They receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. You create an atmosphere in your home where they they they come under the influence of the Holy Ghost in you. Amen. all these all these things. But where does that come from? We got to realize it all comes from revelation. I'm just going to close. You say, "Well, well, when will we be these sons of God?" Now we are the sons of God. Now we are the sons of God. So what does the message come to do? To reveal Jesus Christ in his word and to you. And what does that do? That reveals who you are. Amen. And that revelation that he puts in you is just showing you what you already are, right? And it gives you overcoming power in every circumstance. Right? So this is my summary now. So if you're going through trouble, pray for revelation. If you don't know who you are in the word, pray for revelation. Amen. If you, you know, if you if you need joy, pray for revelation. If you need peace, pray for revelation. And God will reveal himself to you in his word, and that will give you prevailing power. Amen. Let's have the musicians, please, uh this morning. And um yeah, we're just we're just going to finish there. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stand this morning, shall we? Amen. I want to sing that song. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. Amen. What's the reason? He's revealed to me. I'm his son. That means the world. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Before the world began, you knew my name. I'll be in your hand. When the earth was silent, I was there with you singing your praise. I came to the earth. I took my first breath. And I cry that I made was singing your praise. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have the reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have the reason to sing. [Music] When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you call in my name and my sh and save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. I started my journey. I didn't know that I was all alone. In every in every high, in every low you start to call me from eternity. Salvation rung out through your blood. I redee. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have the reason to sing. Amen. Lord, I was lost in the darkness. You came to find me. [Music] I heard you call in my name. Took my sin and my shame and you saved me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost. Now I am saved. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost, now I am saved. I have a reason to [Music] worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you saved me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. King. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sons and daughters of the most high God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go to another one. Amen. Let's sing a song. There's a name written down in glory and it's mine. Amen. Yes, it's mine. I met the author of my story. Amen. Praise the Lord. Baby, you had to help me out with this one. Well, he had to help me out with all them, but you know what I mean. [Music] I was lost in shame. Could not get past my brain until he called my name. I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down. But Jesus pulled me out. I am no longer bound. I'm so glad he saved me. See, I now a new creation in Christ. The old has gone this life. I live by faith on my side. [Music] There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Oh yes, it's mine. I met the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. But Jesus opened my eyes and now I see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I a new creation in Christ. The old has gone a new life. I live by faith on my side. [Music] There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I made the author. I met the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, mine. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I met the author. I met the author of my story. And he's mine. Yes, he's mine. I know who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am. Because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am. Because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am. Because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am. Because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am. Because the I am tells me who I am. Amen. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Hallelujah. Mine is the author. I am the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, he's mine. I tell him glory and it's mine. Yes, he's mine. I met the author. I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus is mine. Yes, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go. Oh, everywhere I be. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go. Yes. Everywhere I be. Oh Jesus is mine. One more time. Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go. Yes. Everywhere I be. Oh Jesus is mine. Hallelujah. Amen. He's yours today. He'll be yours tomorrow. Amen. Cuz you're his. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Gracious father, we love you so much. Thank you for the revelation of your word, Lord. revealing who we are, revealing who you are as well. Dear God, I just want to pray for everyone here, Father, for where people are struggling, going through things, got doublemindedness, not sure. Father, any anything the enemy is trying to get into their lives, Lord, I pray you'd give them revelation, Father, cuz there's nothing more with prevailing power than revelation of your word. So, Father, may you pour it into each and everyone. I pray for your glory. We love you, Lord. Thank you that you've taken the veil off our lives. Father, we were many things once upon a time, but that's not who we really were. And then you came, you brought your word, Lord. You lifted the veil off. You showed us who we are in you. We're so thankful for it, Father. May we continue walking in your word, Lord. We love you. We ask you to dismiss us with your blessing for your glory. Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Isaac, you want to lead us in some songs, bro? Amen. God bless you all. [Applause] Just want to try this one again this week. Um, we call out the dry bones come alive just before we leave this one. [Music] [Music] Through the eyes of man seems so much that we've lost. As we look down the road where all the prodals have lost. And one by one, the enemy is whispering in their [Music] office. But we know that you are God. Yours is the victory. We know there is more to come that we may not yet see. So with the faith you've gi us, we step into the valley of [Music] praise. We call out dry bones. Come alive. Come alive. We call out dead hearts. Come alive. Come alive about our ashes. Let our sea and I'll be right. We call out the dry boat come alive. God of endless mercy. God of [Music] [Music] unl can save. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] aes that I see and I go [Music] out to drive Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] The ashes that I see and I call out your life. So, oh breath of God now. Oh breath of God now. Oh breath of God now. Breathe. Oh breath of God now breathe. Oh breath of God. Breathe. Oh breath of God now breathe. Breathe. Oh breath of God now breathe. breath of God. Breathe. For breath of God now. So breathe. Breathe. The breath of God now. Brea the breath of God. Brea the breath of God. Now the people dry come alive. [Music] Come on. Come on. on the aes we call out dry come alive come [Music] alive we call out hearts come alive come up on the ashes. Let us see an army round. We call out and let's just um we just close with that song that we started with this morning. From glory to glory, he's changing me. Amen. I didn't actually know what the u message was this morning. before we sung that song. So, I believe that's the Lord, you know, wanting to let us know that he's speaking to us, you know, and and he wants to reveal more of himself to us and change us each and every day. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing with this one. From glory to glory, he's changing me. Change me. Oh, he's changing me. His likeness and image to perfecting. The love of God [Music] shing me from earth to the heaven. His likeness and image perfect to me. The love of God shows through the world from glory from glory to glory. He's changing. Oh, he's changing me. Yes, he's changing me. His likeness and image perfect for me. The love of God shown to them. Oh, he's changing. He's changing. Oh, he's changing me. From earth he brings to the heaven. His likeness and image to perfect. The love of God shown to the world. Amen. Let's just pray this morning. Lord, we thank you, Lord Jesus, that from glory to glory, you're changing us, Lord, and that you're revealing yourself to us. Thank you for the word we've heard this morning, Lord, and how true it is, Lord, that every move we make towards you, it's only by revelation, Lord, you reveal it and then we step into it, Lord. So, we just pray you would continue to reveal yourself to us, reveal your the truth of your word deep down into our hearts, Lord, and and change us in ways that we don't even know we need changing, Lord. there's we don't have the ability, Lord, but we're so grateful and thankful, Lord, that by you revealing yourself more to us, Lord, you're changing and molding and shaping us to be more like you. So I just pray you I thank you that for the work you're doing in each heart and each life in this fellowship Lord and and we would desire that you would continue to work Lord and change each one of us to become more like you Lord as we see the world Lord is changing to become more and more dark Lord and hearts are becoming darker and darker Father but the believer the bride is becoming more and more brighter and full of light and full of love and and more full of you Lord Jesus. And so we just thank you that Lord, we're one of your um people this morning. We just want to commit ourselves to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We dismissed in Jesus name this morning. They were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. And now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn to be nor most of worldly fame, they have all received their pent baptized in Jesus' name. And they're telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There'll be people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at pent which cleansed and made them clean. War is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come, my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them.
