################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 1805-25 - The  Abrahamic Age- Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   1805-25 - The  Abrahamic Age- Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp6sqTm4uPI
========================================

[Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. What does it feel like to be sitting amongst the company of winners this morning? Feel good? It's it's really quite simple, you know. We have we have two options. We either move forward by faith and believe or we don't believe and we just pull back [Music] and how would I put this? Fail in whatever endeavor we're trying to that we were trying to go forward in. Whether it be for our soul or any situation, you know that or your children or your a spiritual anything. You you either can have faith and move forward or you can have doubt and just pull back. It's the same with with believing. You can either have a a a warm heart and believe in the Lord or you can have what Paul says an evil heart of unbelief. That that and and these two choices, one goes forward this way, one goes back that way. you know, but we have all chosen this morning to be we are believers this morning and we are moving forward by faith this morning. So that's that's what we're doing. And and and as a result of that, everything we ever go in anything, we just go forward. That that's just the way that it works. Then when you have a heart of belief and you move forward by faith, you just go forward in in anything it is. Anything in your life, if you want salvation, you move forward into that. you need healing, you need anything, you need whatever it is, it's all just there. We just move forward into it. If I've learned anything in my Christian walk, that's it. It's that simple. We just believe the Lord. We move forward. We we we take him at his word and we move forward. And I think that's why Brother Brad's theme song was only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Just believe and move forward. So, let's stand this morning and let's um lay hold upon this opportunity that we have to believe and move forward. Let's just shake hands with each other and appreciate that we're in the company of believers and champions and winners that uh that have a warm heart of belief and we are moving forward in the name of the Lord this morning. That's who we are. And encourage one another. You know, we we just want to encourage each other daily to to keep believing, keep moving forward. You know, there's there's no value in pulling and drawing back and pulling back. There's no value in that. There's no there's no victory in that. his only victory and moving forward in the Lord and believing and taking him at his word. Praise the [Music] Lord. Let's have brother Armand up here to open in prayer, too. He's a man of [Music] faith. God bless you, bro. Love you, man. [Music] Okay, let us just bow our heads. We just want to come before you, Lord, and say thank you so much, Father, that you have a purpose for us, Lord. The reason we're here, Lord, is because you predestinate us to be here. Father, it's a privilege to sit in these pews, Lord, to come to a place where we can worship you, Father, in spirit and in truth, Father. So today, as we come, Lord, we ask that you'll just take preeminence in the service. You'll take over every believer, Father, our unbelief, Lord. Would you take that away? Encourage us in faith like Brother Isaac said, Lord, that we can move forward, Lord, into a higher place where you can speak to us, Father. We have come prepared vessels, Lord. And we ask you, Lord, the ground is good. Would you sew your seeds of eternal life, your word into our hearts, Lord, and give us overcoming power in this age, Lord. Father, to make us stand and walk in a higher place, Father, we ask that you'll just take Brother Ben, minister through his lips, Lord. May we receive it as thus sayaith the Lord for us day, Lord. Lord, that when we walk out here, we changed, renewed, and strengthened, Father. Amen. We ask this only Lord in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We give you all the glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Let's um start with the chorus. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves, satisfies, and takes away my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. He's like to a river. Jesus is wonderful and mighty to deliver. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. He's the counselor, prince of peace, the mighty God is he. He is saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. I was once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all forgiven. And my name it is inscribed in the book of heaven. I'm singing wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. He's the mighty God. Is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. I am living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day, all the way holding sweet communion. Oh, what change grace has brought in my lowly station since my soul has received free and full salvation. I'm singing wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. The mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. I said, "Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name." Well, I once was lost, now I'm found. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. I'm singing wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, the mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Pray. Wonderful. I'm singing. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, the mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my rep. Let's sing that one more time. Wonderful. I'm singing. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor and prince of peace. The mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. Oh yes, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. I am drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bound. One more time. Drinking at the springs. Oh, I am drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. I am drinking at the springs of living [Music] water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. I thirsted in a bar land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ, one day I came where springs of living water did a bound. And now I'm drinking. I am drinking at the springs of living [Music] water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. I am drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've tried. I am shouting hallelujah every day. And I'm drinking. I am drinking at the springs of living [Music] water. Happy now am I and my soul is satisfied. I am drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful [Music] supply. For sinner, won't you come today to Calary? A fountain is flowing deep and wide. The Savior now invites you to the water free with the sting. Spirits can be satisfied. Well, come and drink. I am drinking at the springs of living. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. I am drinking at the springs of living. A wonderful bountiful supply. Oh, I am drinking. I'm drinking at the springs of living. [Music] Happy now my my soul is satisfied. I'm drinking at the springs of living [Music] water. A wonderful amount. One more time. Just the voices. Oh, I'm drinking. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. Amen. The never ending well that never runs dry. Amen. Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's God all three in one. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God if you serve him. He's still God if you won't. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he is the God that's healing cancer. He's the God who heals disease. He's the God who heals our troubles. And I know he heals me. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, yes, he's God in the first and he's God in the last. He's God of my future and he's God of our past. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I have a right I have a right to praise him, a right to lift my hands because I saw my name revealed to me by the lamb. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God. Jesus is his name. Well, you know that they might call us holy rollers. They're always making fun, but I'm glad I've got the Holy Ghost. And I'm living in the sun. And I know God is God, and God don't never change. I know God is God, and Jesus is his name. He's the God that lives in Moses. He's the God in Paul, too. He's God in William Brandon. And he's God in me and you. I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, you know, up in Sabino Canyon, there came down a sword, he came down out of that mountain, saying, "Thus, sayeth the Lord, and I know God is God." And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, I remember I remember the day he saved me from my sin and shame. Well, I came up out of that water baptized in Jesus name. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I know God. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Amen. The King of Kings and the Lord of Lords this morning. Amen. [Music] I'm sailing over the stormy sea. The waves are crashing over and the daylight hides his face from me. Fear intru and the storm a greaves. But I look and I see who's in the boat with me. Jesus, you're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. Oh no. There's nothing that I need to fear because Jesus is here. [Music] G is here. Waves you won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. [Music] Jesus is here. Oh ye tempest, you will all be still. Peace be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace be still. Of times I sail through the last stormy gate. situations are proclaiming you will not fail. But the word sorrows the raging of the sea when the waves thereof arise. I still am. Jesus, you're here. There is nothing that I need to be. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to feel. Heart is nothing. There is nothing that I need to be. Jesus is here for me. Jesus is here. Yes, he is. Oh, you won't break me. Come. You won't shake me. Jesus is here. Are you tempest? are you terrorists. You will all be still. Peace be still. Peace be still. Oh, [Music] peace be still. In your darkest, in your darkest hour, keep your eyes on Jesus. When fear all around you, keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raging and rolling is trying to make you forget who you can with this in your darkest in your darkest hour. Keep your eyes on Jesus. When there's fear all around you, keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raging and rolling is trying to make you forget who you have with you. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh yes he is always waves you won't break me storm you won't shake me Jesus is here. Oh you tempest you will all be still cuz Jesus is here. Oh yes. G s waves you won't break me. Waves you won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. Oh your tempest. Oh your tempest. You will all be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace be still. Peace be still. [Music] Peace. Let's just worship the Lord this morning. Just appreciate all that he's done for us. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Glory. Lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory. Yes, you do. And the honor, Lord. We lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. No, there isn't. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh no, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. No, there isn't. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Lord, we come. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the stand. No matter what. No matter what. What the [Music] we will lift our holy hand. Oh Lord we come. Lord we come to you. We come to you in worship. Hallelujah. No matter what the sur matter what the situation [Music] what the [Music] situation we will live up singing halleluah halleluah [Music] Hall him. How we long to worship. [Music] Alleluah. How we long to worship you Lord we come. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what. No matter what what the situation will live [Music] up singing [Music] halleluah how we long to worship [Music] Halleluah. Allel how we long to worship. Oh la. [Music] How we long to worship you [Music] allel how we long to worship you. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that that longing can be satisfied in his presence? Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful? It's not just something that can never happen. It's not a carrot that's too far away, but he says, "I'm with you. I'm in you." Amen. Hallelujah. We can worship him in spirit and in truth this morning. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. We got Sister Tabitha's got a um got a testimony she'd like to share. So, Amen. We want to hear that. Amen. So, God bless you. It's never easy to come before the saints because it's literally gods. Um, I just want to say thank you for the brother Isaac, you have no idea, but the songs were just in line. I was not planning to stand here but the be peace be still song it's literally what has been going on and I've shared this with my husband and he knows what's happening it has been really tough few weeks for me it's mental it's never physical it's mental if you've suffered depression before you understand what I mean so you'll always fight mental battles but that's where the devil always comes to attack first because he knows Because faith comes by hearing and hearing of the word of God. So if he can temper with your mind, how will you hear and understand what God wants you to hear? And that reflection of the word is what God wants us to have every time. And just having that all the time and remembering that the devil will always be on attack. It's I'm speaking for myself on attack for me mentally. I always have to remember to put the word as my reflection all the time because it's really hard sometimes. Um the past few weeks we've the past few months we've been on training at work and sometimes I just feel so stupid like there's nothing I'm getting and um on Tuesday I was going through some tasks that it was really really really hard and one of my coaches just decided to smack me left right center and on top of all the things that were going on I felt life I have messed up and if you are a firstborn I don't know if you can relate you don't want to always make mistakes I can't relate because he's a first one and she has so much pressure but if you're a firstborn you don't want to make mistakes you want to always be right you want to be perfect and so with all that and all that devil is trying to do I felt really really bad but one thing I really told God is I'm your child and you know my intentions At the end of the day, I have the right to the Bible has said I have the power to lose and to um what does what does he say? To bind and to lose and I can use it to curse or I can use it to bless. I am a child of God. I have that power. So just remember that. But then I also have to be smart with the wisdom of God, not with the wisdom of man to use it carelessly. So I told God, look, I have done this before and I don't want to do it just carelessly. Let your will be done in this situation because you know my intentions and you know what I really needed to do. At the end of the day, if I've made a mistake, just correct it for me. And my coach made me feel like I have really really messed up that client's account. But let me tell you the following day um the the main coach came in and she told me imagine you did not make any mistakes. Actually everything turned out exactly as it was meant to be. And I was like, "Wow, okay. Yesterday I was really, really low and I knew I had messed up, but then today you're coming and telling me." So, I actually didn't make any mistake and I came and realized God already went before and cleared all the things that I thought were mistakes. So, when human comes and see mistakes, there's actually no mistakes. Hallelujah. And to me that really just humbled me so much. And I remember the scripture that says be be still and know that I am God. Being still does not mean you do nothing or you sit there and cry and say our is over. It it really really means just go there and wait on God. It's the hardest thing to do when you're all not okay here. But being still is waiting on God. We are gods. Even when we don't feel like it, even when we don't believe at that time, you're still a God. Just say it, but use it for the right purpose of God. And those who may be struggling in one way or another, I just want to encourage you that you are a God whether you feel like it or you don't feel like it. I I never feel like it most of the time, but I still be still and know I'm God. Thank you. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Appreciate that, Sister Tabitha. Thank you so much. Amen. Let's stand, shall we? Let's sing that song, Ella. Elohim one more time, shall we? Before we go to the word. Amen. Let's start with the Can we just start with the verse, shall we? Amen. Lord, we come to you in worship. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the [Music] circumstances, no matter what the [Music] situation, we will lift of holy hands. Halleluah. Elohim, how we long to worship you. [Music] Allel how we long to worship you. For you are great. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray together this morning. Lord Jesus, how true that is. There's no one. Hallelujah. No one else like you, oh God. You're the supreme one. You're the first and the last. Lord, you're the greatest one. You're the mighty conqueror. We thank you, dear God. You've come down to walk among us today. Touch our lives, dear God. Do surgery, Lord. Break cycles, Father. Open our eyes, Lord. Increase our faith, Lord God. May the enemy be exposed and cast out, Lord. May you be magnified in our midst, Lord. Father, as we read your words, we hear it, Lord. May you just take possession of us, oh God. Father, do what you want to do, Lord Jesus. Father, be those streaming as well, Lord. Touch their lives, dear God. Father, we want to lift Brother Kerry into your presence by prayer. Father, as he's having surgery this week on his heart, dear God. Father, may you, Lord, may you may you just reveal yourself to him, Lord. may know that you're with him, dear God. Father, in the hospital, in the surgery, after the surgery, Lord, Father, may God the surgeon's hands may just be textbook all fine for your glory, Lord. May you be the great physician and touch his life, Lord. We want to remember Nana, Lord, and I see you in Tower as well, Lord. Continue to be your abundant portion, Father. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you, everyone. Thank you, musicians. Appreciate it. Amen. Good to have everyone here today. Amen. Great to have Sister Lynn here. God bless you. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Welcome. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. Let's turn to the scripture this morning. I actually have a slideshow today. Amen. So, you can turn, you can look, you can do whatever you wish to do. So, Amen. Amen. So, Luke 17 and Amen. Luke 17 here. Sorry, I'm just reading something else here. Luke 17:26. And as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it also be in the days of the Son of Man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given a marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded, but the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all, even um thus shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed. Now, and and then we're going to go to First John 5. I just want to read this from Isaiah. I just open my Bible. I don't I just want to read this here from Isaiah um 44. He says,"Remember these, oh Jacob and Israel, for thou art my servant. I have formed thee. Thou art my servant, O Israel. Thou shalt not be forgotten of me. I have blotted out as a thick cloud thy transgressions, and as a cloud thy sins. Return unto me, for I have redeemed thee. Sing, oh ye heavens, for the Lord hath done it. Shout ye lower parts of the earth. Break forth into singing, ye mountains, oh forest, and every tree therein, for the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified himself in Israel." Hallelujah. Thus sayith the Lord thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb. I am the Lord that maketh all things, that stretcheth forth the heavens alone, that spreadth abroad the earth by myself. Amen. that frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad, that turnneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge foolish, that confirmth the word of his servant, and performth the council of his messengers, that uh that saith to Jerusalem, thou shalt be inhabited to the cities of Judah, ye have shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then we're going to go to 1 John 5 and we're going to read here uh just this portion of scripture. Bit of a context. Um he says, "Whosoever buildeth I mean sorry, whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God. And everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him. By this uh we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievious. For whosoever is born of God, overcometh the world. This is the scripture I really want to get to. He overcomemeth the world, and this is the victory that overcomemeth the world, even our faith. Amen. Who is he that overcomemeth the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. Now, I want to take a take a thought here and and and we'll just see how this all goes. But you know, I read this the other day, Luke 17, and it dawned on me, and I know this is probably the penny drops. It takes a while for it to drop. But, you know, Brother Brand speaks to this quite a lot, but in the days of Lot, you know, we read this scripture, we look at the condition of Sodom and the destruction that's coming and all these things. But we know in the days of Lot is the days of Abraham. Amen. So, there's an elected called out people that God was dealing with during this time. And and and you know to me this is such a blessing because brother Brand makes a qu well he poses a question in this day is this scripture fulfilled. He says he says here now the same suen that raised in the east is the same suen that sits in the west and the same sen of God that came in the east vindicated himself as God manifest in the flesh is the same sen of God in the western hemisphere here that's identifying himself among the church tonight I'll say this morning the same yesterday today and forever the evening light of the sun has come this day the scriptures fulfilled before us where we at in this Abrahamic age and that phrase just really stood out to me. This Abrahamic age, you know, we call it the, you know, there's many different titles to the time we live in, but it's the age, this is Abrahamic age. Amen. Where there's a people who have been called by the grace of God. God's given them an unconditional co covenant which will take them all the way into a body change. Now, Abraham walked by faith by revelation. Now, I like this um verse here in, you know, first John that we read in 1 John 5 that this victory that overcometh the world. Now this word victory, it means by the means of success. This is how you're going to conquer. This is how you overcome. It's by the revelation given to you. Amen. So it's faith. Because I was thinking the other day, I was thinking, you know, there's a lot of things that we identify of things that we are the devices of the enemy. We're not ignorant to his devices, but it's one thing to identify the enemy, but how do you overcome him? How do you conquer him? How do you subdue him? How do you how do you get the victory over him? See, that's the big thing. See, we can identify him, but we got to know how to beat him. Amen. And it's actually very quite simple. It takes revelation. It takes the faith of the word for you to overcome. Amen. So, and you know, there's nothing as prevailing as revelation. I know I've said these things, maybe we're just summarizing. I don't know. But, you know, there's nothing as as prevailing power, the prophet says, as revelation. When God drops in your heart, you're a son of God, that changes your whole world. I mean, the things you once wrestled with, you don't wrestle with no more. You live above the devil and his and his influence and you know and and his control. Why? Because faith has come in and you see who you are. When Calvary becomes a revelation more than a story, more than a song, but it comes a living reality that makes you rise up above. Amen. Condemnation. You know, there's a cycle and it seems to be every autumn that that that that this trauma will come back into people's lives and you know, the enemy tries to raise its ugly head again. But there comes a time when that cycle must be broken. Amen. I believe we're living in that season where the enemy will try and come back again, but he ain't staying again. Amen. You got to realize, you know, there seems to be something and it's not just, you know, among believers, but people in general, you come to the season of autumn, it seems like things just come back around and and really the reason that they come back around is that God wants to take them out. Faith will overcome it. Amen. Faith will overcome it. Amen. And you know, and so so I I I believe with all my heart, we're living in an Abrahamic age where every cycle will be broken. I mean, you look at the condition that Abraham and Sarah were in. They were in a monthly cycle of disappointment. Amen. Of of being married as, you know, young people and they, you know, couldn't have children. You know, she was she was sterile and so was he. And you know they came to this point where this cycle of of pain and sadness and longing became a cycle of joy and laughter and peace and happiness because it wasn't just remember Isaac was called Isaac because of laughter right and it wasn't just Abraham that you know because it says that Sarah laughed in the tent because of unbelief. She did laugh, right? But then Abraham before that also laughed in the presence of God, laughing within himself, saying, "How on earth can this be fulfilled?" Why? Because they've been living in a cycle of of sadness and longing and and you know, it just they just couldn't have a child. But God had come to break that cycle. This is the Abrahamic age. Amen. This is this is the time when every cycle must be broken and God does the breaking. Amen. God does the breaking. He does the molding. He does the shaping. And so Abraham was called by grace. Brother Bram was even he said he was even criticized that he believed in grace because he came out of an age of legalism. The Pentecostals, brother Bram said, were great legalists. They would they would have to do something to obtain favor of God. So what was the thing that they focused on? If you speak in tongues, you've got it. So if I've done this, therefore I qualify. But we qualify by grace. We qualify by God's unconditional favor and love and you know mercy in our lives. So brother Brown was criticized by preaching a gospel of grace as the apostle Paul did. Now Abraham was called by grace. You know we know these things but I just but you know the Bible says that we walk in the faith of Abraham. So the same journey that Abraham went upon is the same as the same one that we go on. Now God called Abraham by grace. It wasn't anything he did. His father and his family and him were came out of Babel. They were idol worshippers. But God said, "I'm going to break that idolatrous spirit out of your life. I'm going to begin to break cycles out of your life, Abraham, that you because what you think you are is you don't know who you are." Right? So now here comes God. He begins to call Abraham. And God just decides to get up and leave with Sarah and whoever came with him, Lot and different, you know, different ones. But God God be to break cycles in his life that that finally God when God showed him, look at the sand, your seed will be like this. Look at the stars, they'll be like this. It says, "And Abraham believed God and it was attributed to him for righteousness." So when God was speaking to Abraham, there's something in Abraham believed what he was being told. It's the same thing with you and I. There's something in us when this message comes our way, we choose to believe it. We can't put it together. It doesn't all make sense. And that's fine. It's a faith walk. You meet someone who's got it all together. You got to realize one thing. They don't because they're trying to put God in a box and God is unboxable. Amen. That's why he steps out of denominational systems. When anyone puts a full stop after their belief, he steps out of that person. Why? Because God says, "You can't box me." Man has tried to box him, but you can't box them. Amen. So now, so, so, so it's a faith walk. But you see, revelation or faith is the means of success in our journey. And it was It was the same in Abraham's life. If you look at a man, physically impossible. Let's just put ourselves there. You are well past age. See? See? Isn't it interesting? He calls Abraham to have this promised son not when he's 20, not when he's 30, not when he's peak fertility or whatever. I don't know what time that is in life, but you know, he wasn't at that peak. It was at his at after after impossible. You know, if you took a graph of peak fertility, he was down this tail end where it was virtually possibility zero. And God did that for a reason. Because God wanted to show future generations, remember because because Abraham was a type or is a shadow or a or or a template or however you want to say it, a model of every true Christian down through the ages. And God wanted to show through his life and his hurt and his suffering and his longing for a child. Look, I'm going to bring you to a point where you can't even do it. where you cannot put yourself any any of your own. This was me. I helped God in this. This is this is where he brought Abraham into this this place where because people try to think they have something to do with their salvation or they have something to do with their walk. Well, do you listen? Do you read? Sure. But it's the grace of God that quickens the word into your heart. Amen. It's the grace of God that brings it alive. You can read all you want. Study all you want. Please do it. But you got to depend upon God. God as I'm reading and as I'm praying and as I'm listening make it a living reality in my life that's not just here in my top two inches it anchors down as a revelation in my soul. Amen. So there he is. He comes to this point he can't do you know he can't fulfill it. God calls him and then God begins to uh God begins to deal with his life and bring him through many different stages. Now brother Bram speaks well the Bible speaks you know you know my wife said put some pictures in. Since I'm putting pictures in here's here's the first picture. Abraham has three visitors. We know this is in Genesis chapter 18. By this stage, God is already called uh you know changed Abraham's name from Abraham to Abraham and Sarite to Sarah. You know, God God put that uh H or the Hebrew. It's the breath of God came into them, changed their names. Amen. They'd have a different walk from then on because God would God would change their name. Like brother Bram said, I no longer call you church. I call you bride. that you'll understand your position. Amen. Isn't it amazing? A bride, you know, God, you know, we ain't going through a tribulation. Amen. The tribulation is the purging of the church, purging of nature, purging of all these things. But but but the blood of Jesus Christ has completely purchased of all sin. Amen. There's not one bit that's left undone. He's done it all. Amen. By one offering, he's perfected forever them that are sanctified. Amen. The scripture says, so you know, Brother Ram says, "Will will his bride go through the tribulation?" No sir, he will he will keep her from that hour of temptation. Take her up into a rapture. Amen. So here's here's Abraham because we're living in this Abrahamic age. I know I've you know gone gone through a lot just in a little bit right there, but I want to come down to this point because God has already changed his name. God has already given him a sacrifice. He's confirmed the covenant with them. And now Abraham's waiting for the manifestation of that promise which is Isaac coming. So now Abraham is waiting. It says that you know in Genesis 18 he's he he's there in the heat of the day in the plains of memory and he and he sees three men walking towards him. Now he addresses one as God. One of them is God. Two are angels put into bodies of flesh. You say can God make bodies of flesh to step into? Absolutely. He can just go take some dust and blow. And it's because he's the creator, right? Because after this conversation that that that we'll talk about briefly here, God, it says the Lord stayed with Abraham and the two angels went down into Sodom to see what was going on. So now here is here is the visitation. Here is a visitation of of God himself or Elohim who's God in flesh to Abraham. Now God is coming to do this because he needs to change Abraham and Sarah to be young again. Turn them from doubt into faith. Now the reason that God could I mean Abraham could identify God there as a man is because he had met God before. Amen. After he had got um Lot from that battle you know you know Lot was taken captive. There was a war going on and Lot was entangled in that as a prisoner of war and Abraham armed his servants got Lot back and all these things. Then it says then then Malesc the king of Salem came out. Amen. And you know blessed Abraham and you know they had communion and all these things. Now I find it very interesting that this this this malesc we know is more than a man right he wasn't a human man if I you know a natural king and this is a great debate that comes up if you if you look in you you know you Google who do people say Malazdc is people say he was a literal man you know you he just a natural king that died or he's just a priesthood or but isn't it amazing god would come down this end time and actually identify in the message who is this mazdc right because what what what Malchzdc did back there is what he's doing here. Amen. And we know that Malchzdc, you know, because we just read this. Isn't it neat? You just read the Bible, you know, all the answers are just it's it's pretty plain as day. I put it in yellow just to highlight it, but you know. Yeah. So for this Mazdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all, first being by interpretation king of righteousness, and also the king of Salem, which is the prince uh king of peace, without father, without mother, without descent, uh having neither beginning of days, nor end of life, but made like under the son of God, abideth a priest continually. So he didn't have a mom, he didn't have a dad, he didn't have a beginning, he didn't have an end. Who can this be? He's eternal. Who can it be? It's God. Amen. It's God came down. Praise the Lord. Served his son. Communion. Amen. After Abraham had won the battle. And brother Ram says that after you win the battle over yourself, you die out to your old self. God comes down and gives you communion. Amen. Gives you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Seals you into the body. Amen. When you when you decide to choose God's word above your own flesh, you surrender and die out and let those desires die on the altar of God, the fire of God comes down. What's that? That's Malesc coming to you to give you oil. I mean, well, yeah, give you oil, but give you bread and wine. Amen. So, brother Abraham teaches very simply that Malesc became Jesus Christ. He changed forms. Amen. So, so he, so this was Malchazdc was God as a theophony. He came down, he spoke to Abraham, gave him the communion, but then he went from theophony to flesh in Jesus Christ. It was the same God all the way down through the scripture. And brother Ram says the reason that Jesus could know all things and you knew he was a son of God and all these things even, you know, as a young child is because he went from theophony to flesh. But brother Ram says we skipped around our theophony and went straight to flesh. So when we were born here, we didn't know who we were. We didn't know that we came from God going back to God. We didn't know we're his children at all because we bypassed our theophony. But then our theophony begins to deal in our lives and influence us and get a hold of us and you know grip us and influence us. We then our eyes come open like Abraham's did. I'm a son of God. Hallelujah. Amen. In this time when the world is falling apart, there's a people who are not fall. I'm just going to segue real quick because I just want to maybe God just wants to put a stability in our lives. I believe he does. Amen. Because everything that can be shaken will be shaken. The Bible says, but all that cannot be shaken will remain. And those things, the eternal word of God and a people. Amen. So this world can shake. Economies can shake. Nuclear war can shake above the people. Whatever the pope says, who cares? He'll do what he'll do. You know, world leaders, but there is a people upon the earth that will not be shaken with this world. That's why you got to keep your eyes on the promise of the word. Amen. Keep your eyes on who God has made you to be. Remember, we he he did not send you this message just to fill your head with information. No. Oh yes, I'm at the end time. It is far more than that. Amen. No. God sent you this message to transform your life, to fill you with his Holy Ghost. That the full power of Calvary would be manifested in you. Amen. That the power of the blood would be on display. Amen. Everywhere you go, amen. How you treat people, how you walk, how you talk, how you act. Amen. Something is undying faith in your life. Amen. Because God wants to prove his victory over the enemy. Amen. That's why he said by the means of faith, we have our victory. Hallelujah. He wants to prove it in you. He wants to prove it in me. So I say, Lord, come prove it. Amen. Amen. It's like Abraham, excuse me. Abraham knew he couldn't do it. He's waiting for a visitation. Praise the Lord. He got the visitation. Now, so Abraham had a walk of grace. I find it very interesting that Melzdc is only spoken of by three people in the scripture. One is one is Abraham. He had a grace walk. He had a faith walk with God cuz God came to him and he never said, "So, I'm just going to clear out some clues or something." God did not say to Abraham, "If you do this, then I'll make you father of nations." He said, "I have made you father of nations." Before Abraham had a son, the ability to have a son or anything. God said, "I've made you thus." And Abraham believed God. And it was appeared to him for righteousness. He just believed it. Amen. So he he had a walk by grace. Amen. The sons and daughters of Abraham have the same thing. But the second person to speak of Malazc is actually King David. He wrote about him in the Psalms that thou art a priest after the order of Malchazdc. So, and if you look at David, the scripture would say that David uh God had given him the sure mercies of David, given to David, these sure mercies. Because if you look at David's life and you look at Saul's life, Saul did nothing compared to David. Talk about sins and trouble and things that he did, he did nothing. The first thing that Saul or second thing he did, he's out of the picture. But David, no, he had a grace covenant with God. Amen. He he was walking by grace. Amen. It was even transcended the law and everything because even really, you know, when Nathan came to him and said, "Look, you committed adultery with Bashibba. You're the man and all these things, he should have been killed, but he had the but God gave him sure mercies." Did he earn it? Did he deserve it? No. But God gave it to him. Do we do did we earn the grace of God? Is it something you did? Something you said at the right time you kind of something that you thought or you put together? Absolutely not. It was God gave it to you. Amen. And as God gave it to you. And if he gave it to you, he ain't taking it from you. Amen. Why? Cuz his grace is here to get a hold of your life. I mean, to walk with you, to carry you through this life's journey that whatever you come across, you will overcome it by the grace of God. Amen. So that was David. He did many things. He outnumbered the people, took Bashibba, did all these terrible things. He did far greater than the sins of Saul. But he had the sure mercies. Why? I I believe that. Now, this is just me. He wrote about males. So he came under the inspiration that that Abraham came under and he spoke of malesc. Amen. Why? Because God gave him grace. And the third one to write about uh malesc is the apostle Paul. No one no other um apostle, prophet, disciple in the New Testament wrote about him. Only Paul did. And you know what a big complaint against the Apostle Paul is in this day? He believes in grace. He's so quick this cheap grace and doesn't have to earn anything and like James speaks about you know we know the scriptures looking you know like you know um James so people complain about Paul because he talks about faith and the grace of God and it's not about works but you look at James especially Peter different ones it's about the works but we know from the message of the hour that James and Paul are looking at Abraham but from two different aspects Right? Because James was God anointed James to look at Abraham to show it's his works. Right? But then Paul is looking from God's perspective which is the faith. So man sees works, God sees faith and works is faith expressed. Right? So the life you live is an expression of your faith. But you see there's a big complaint against the apostle Paul in this day saying, "Well, he's just in, you know, he just teaches a different gospel than the other disciples. He talks about grace and he talks about faith and you don't need works and all these different things. Why? But then he writes about Malesc. Why? Because he knew grace. I'm not saying the other disciples didn't. They're anointed to write what they wrote. They're all in balance, right? But people want to take out the grace of God and make it the works of man. Amen. And and I'm afraid we don't want to let that ever come into our ranks. Amen. Where it's not the works of man bring the message to fulfillment. Oh no. It's the grace of God that comes into your life and then brings the word into fulfillment. Amen. And I'm I'm so glad for that because it's God's strength and ability that causes the word to be fulfilled. It ain't my ability. My ability is extremely limited. His is unlimited. Amen. So now here he is. But then also there's another thing about Malesc because when Malesc comes there's always a body change. Amen. There's a there's a resurrection. Amen. us more. So, so the grace of God would bring Abraham all the way out of out of idolatry, take him through troubles with family and different things, and he'd bring him to a place of a body change to have the promised son. You see, because if if God just turned Abraham and Sarah young again, they would have been stuck in the same cycle. No children, because that's what they were when they were young. So God was going to make them young but do something far greater than just pulling back the time scale. Amen. Why? God was going to change their bodies that even at a very old age he was going to give them strength. Cuz you think about a woman who's nearly 100 years old having a child. Her heart will bust maybe in the first trimester or something because she can't, you know, her, you know, because there's more blood flowing in a woman's body when she's pregnant. All these things her heart would have given out. There's no way humanly she could have been able to carry the child. What? So what did God do? He changed her young again and he changed Abraham young again. Amen. Because they are both infertile, right? But he changed them young again and broke that cycle of infertility that the promise of God could be fulfilled in their lives. Amen. As so so what happened? Mazdc came to Abraham to give them a body change. Hallelujah. David wrote in the Psalms, I will not suffer. Yeah. I'll not leave thy soul in hell, nor nor suffer to see my holy one to see corruption. What he was speaking about a rapture, a resurrection, a body change. Amen. Why? Because he came under the same anointing that Abraham did about Malchzdc. And you know, if you take the Apostle Paul out of the Gospels, there's no rapture. There's no change in the twinkling of an eye. Who wrote about that? The Apostle Paul. What about the three-fold rapture? The, you know, the Lord himself shall ascend with a shout of voice, a trump, and all these things. Paul wrote that. So if you take the Apostle Paul out of the scripture, you ain't got no rapture, you got no resurrection. Amen. But the reason he wrote about these things is because why? He had a visitation of Malchazdc, Jesus Christ. Amen. So he could write about those things. Hallelujah. Amen. Another thing, another thing that um Abraham Abraham was told by God, God revealed to him as Elshadai and Elshadai means the bosom or the mother who nurses her fretting child, breastfeeds her to health, uh breastfeeds the baby to health. So God God reveals himself to to Abraham as the breasted God saying just feed off me, draw from my promise and you'll draw strength. Amen. So the same malesc because it's the same god. It's not different gods that speak to Abraham. We know it's the same God. He's saying look I've given you a promise and this is how you're going to fulfill the promise is draw strength from me. Don't draw strength from your thinking or your ability or what you think you are in your humanity. Just draw on the promise. That's why I think brother Isaac said brother Ara's theme song was only believe. Like Jesus said, only believe all things are possible. So if you only believe, you're not believing and doing something else, right? You're only believing. You're only taking God at his word, right? You're not bringing in your own ideas. You're where you think you are, what you're going through. You're just believing his promise. Amen. Just like the Lord said to Abraham, "Nurse off me and you'll get strength. Draw strength out of the promise I've given you." That's why it's so important you go through something, Lord. Reveal your word to me. Cuz this is how you're going to have victory. Anchor your word into my heart. Lord, whatever I'm going through, Lord. There'll be someone in the scripture that has gone through it before. Right? And so what you do is as you're reading the word, you're listening to the message, say, "Lord, reveal to me where I am." Because when you know where you are, you know the victory can be won. Right? And then what happens? is then you begin to draw strength out of that character. Amen. Sometimes you might read about Abraham, you get nothing out of it. Then you're going through something, you find yourself in Genesis and it's like you're stepping in his footsteps. Amen. Where where you see your failures, you see the failure of your own humanity and all these things and problems and cycles and things, but then God comes, you say, "Draw strength from me." You don't draw strength out of fear or failures or problems. You draw strength out of my word. Amen. And then what happened? He drew that he he drew that strength out of the promise that he gave him. Amen. I'm sure you've all can all relate to these things that I'm talking to. See See the devil doesn't want you to draw draw strength out of the word of God. He does not want you to draw strength out of that, you know, but draw strength out of his word. Amen. So he turned he turned Abraham and Sarah young again. And I can say that because after this happened, they went down into they went down into Gera. Uh I'm not going to read this whole thing, but you know after after this in the story um they go down into Gera and the king of uh the Philistines were you know king of Gera saw Sarah and said I want to marry her. Here comes grandma. Here comes grand. Now you just think about this this see this you know you just think about this for a second. Here's the king. He wants to have he wants to have sons to continue his line. He wants to have a royal household. She wants to get the beautifulstlest princess, whoever. And then he sees grandma coming down with grandpa out of Israel, out of the promised land. Says, "I want to marry her to have children." No, she had been changed young again. That when the king saw her, she said, uh, he said, "She's a young, beautiful woman." Why? Cuz God had changed them with a visitation. Amen. And you know, you know, I'm just going to jump maybe way to the end, but brother Brandon preaches a sermon. Who is this malesc? He shows who he is. He He says, "Who is this?" Not who he was. Who is he right now? Amen. He says that he became Jesus Christ. And he says, "Now the same picture of Genesis 18 has repeated in this day in this Abrahamic age that we live in." Amen. He says, "Look, we're living in the days of Abraham because I'll show you now." I say, "If I've told the truth, let him come now and prove it's true." And he says, "Look, this is just the same as in Abraham's day. God came down, revealed Sarah's thoughts, you know, and Sarah was in the tent behind him. So, he says in a few places, I'll turn my back. And then God begins to show him what's wrong with people, what they're going through, all these things. Just like God knew the thoughts of Sarah's heart in the tent behind him in Genesis 18. And and and Brother Ram's not not making a show. He's not trying to entertain. He's trying to show you, look, I've talked about it, but this is the reality of it. And I'll show you through my ministry that Jesus Christ MKZDC is here. Amen. to give you a body change. Amen. To awaken faith. Amen. That you will see this message is right. Amen. It's more than doctrine. It's more than a nice idea. But it's calling sons and daughters of God into their position. Just like God called Abraham. He's here to call you. That same God isn't in history only. He's present here right now. Amen. To call you, awaken you. Amen. That you realize I am a son and daughter or daughter of God. Amen. So he turned his back. Begin to call people out. Specific exact. It's not someone behind me. he's got a bad knee or a bad day or a bad back. No, it was you sir or you lady. This with you with the dress on all these things. And God did that to show you that this message is Jesus Christ revealed. Amen. Now, the Bible says in Hebrews that he is the high priest, right? If you have the high priest, you have the blood. If you have the high priest, you have a go between you and God. So, you've got an advocate. You've got someone to stand in the gap for you. You got an intercessor. You got a mediator. If you have the high priest, if you don't have the high priest, you don't have none of that. You can have the temple. You You astound me. I think of it you often, you know, Jesus is dying on Calvary and God rents the veil from top to bottom. What was in there? Well, the ark wasn't there. Maybe a replica, but the genuine thing, was it an empty room? I don't know. But the thing is, the mercy seat was hanging on Calvary, brother Bram says, right? But the thing is, right, you know, they didn't have what they needed to atone for the sins of the people anymore, right? And it's the same thing with denomination. If you have the word, you have the high priest, right? If you have the truth of God's word, you have the high priest because God is a high priest over his own word. Amen. He is the priest over his own word. That's why it's so important. Quote the word. Amen. Quote his promises. Don't quote your problems. Quote, Well, sure, you can tell him your problems. He wants to hear everything about it. But don't let that be the end of your sentence. Amen. You say, "Well, Lord, I'm going through this. Lord, I need a job." Or, "Lord, I need you to provide, but God, you're Jehovah Gyra." Amen. God, you said in your word, you've never I, you know, David would say, "I'm I'm old. I was young. Now I'm old, but I've never seen thy seed forsaken northern than begging bread." Amen. So, what is he saying? So, you begin to quote that back to God. And God says, "Now I can act upon your profession because you are quoting my word back to me." Amen. And I love my word to be quoted back to me. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. This is so important. You take the word and you quote it in prayer back to God. Does it have to be verbatim? No, not necessarily. But he sees your heart because he's put your his word in your heart. Amen. So, we're going to call upon God. So, tell him your problems, but tell him the solution in terms of God, this is your promise. How you fulfill it, God, it's up to you. But you're a God of your word. I'm standing on your word. I'm a Christian. I mean, I believe your word, God. So now, if you have the word, you've got the high priest. You got some. You got the blood that testifies for you, that stands for you. If you have the high priest, because without a high priest, you can't have blood offered on your behalf. Amen. Like Israel that was outside that wasn't the high priest. They were helpless until the high priest went in once a year with the blood. They couldn't do it themselves. They weren't called to that position. They needed someone who was ordained, that was called, that was dressed right, that was built right, anointed right with the blood that God gave, ordained to take it into the Holy of Holies. And now we have a high priest, our Lord Jesus Christ. He was called, he was built, right, virgin, son of God, Emmanuel, God made flesh. The blood of Jesus, the the blood of God was shed on Calvary is more than a Jew. Wasn't a Gentile. He was God, Emmanuel made flesh. Amen. So he was built right. He was called. He was dressed right as a sacrifice. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He was anointed right. Amen. How Hallelujah. And what did he do? He did that on your behalf. Amen. Grace knows someone who's called by grace, grace knows they can't atone for their own sin. They cannot make anything right in their own ability. Those who are in this grace covenant realize, Lord, I can't fix nothing. But God, you're the fixer. You're the men. You're the restorer, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So Jesus, we know, he rose triumphant over hell, death, and the grave. Amen. And then, and then when Mary went to touch him or you, you know, there at the tomb, he says, "Don't touch me, for I've not ascended." Hallelujah. But I'm going to ascend to my father, your father, my God, and your God. what he had to do. He had to he had to be he had to be accepted. Hallelujah. And the proof he was accepted is the Holy Ghost came down on the day of Pentecost. Amen. To prove that his blood atoned, cleansed the people in the upper room, the murderers, adulterers, fornicators, whatever they were, idolattors, whatever they were in the upper room, God cleansed them. Amen. Cuz the blood, Amen, wipes off every single stain. Hallelujah. Not just part of it, not just a little bit, every single stain. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Ram says it's like a abstract title. You know, it's a title search. So, it's like a piece of ground if you, you know, you can only buy a piece of property if there's no claims. If there's claims on it by someone else, that's got to be resolved. And once it's resolved, then the purchase can be made. Amen. So, the devil had claims on you and I first. I've done a lot of bad in my life. It's because of your first birth he did it. Amen. But the Lord had to wipe off his claims, which he did by his own blood. broke. Amen. Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. Our first nature is not just put away in a cupboard somewhere. It's destroyed. He's dead. Amen. That we can be united to another, our Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. So, Amen. So, so, so, so brother says in the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost came down, he said because God did a thorough cleansing of the deed of the people to to to wipe away every claim the devil could ever put on their lives, God struck it off completely. Amen. Not just covered, Amen. totally struck off. And then the Holy Ghost came and dwelt in them, showing that they were his his purchased possession. Hallelujah. And then what did he do before that? 10 days before the day of Pentecost, he ascended on high. He's interceding over his own word now. That's why it's so important. Speak his word back to him. Hallelujah. Amen. But then now he comes down in the end time. Now I'm jumping 2,000 years to this day. Amen. And then brother Rams sent to the earth. That ministry says I'm I'm just a man like you. Which he was. Amen. Saved by the same blood saved you. Filled with the same Holy Ghost that filled you. Amen. Saved by grace just like you just had a prophetic office that God used, right? And then what happened? God stepped into him to reveal Jesus Christ. Reveal Mchzc once again to show that this is the high priest revealing himself. Amen. That this is the pure word of God. Because if you got the pure word, now this is to me this is not mental gymnastics, right? Because if you have the pure word, then you have the high priest, then you have the blood. Without those things. So if you add creeds of man and ideas of man, you don't have the blood anymore. You don't have the high priest. But if you come back to the pure word of God and that's why brother Ram always says that every revival through history is when man gets back to the word. Amen. They leave their ideas, leave their traditions, they come back to the word and a revival begins to take place. Why? Because they come back to what God has allotted for that age and then he steps in and vindicates it because why? They have the high priest once again. Praise the Lord. You're a blessed people. Amen. You're a very blessed people to think that God is your high priest. Amen. Not just I hope he is or I heard he is. You know he is. Amen. Why? Because he came down and filled you with his presence. Amen. To prove Amen. that he is your high priest. Amen. And he is making intercession on your behalf every day. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so thankful for that. Aren't you? Like brother Bram when he went into that diner that time and he saw this old woman with blue or whatever here and carousing with a with a cop and all this stuff going on and brother Bram saw that just condemned her saying how on earth God can you put up with this in this earth and you're going to take this out and but then God pulled him to one side listen I want I need to talk to you and then God showed him a vision of the earth and then this blood curtain around the earth and then these black streaks going up and Jesus is there in that blood and all the black streaks coming up from the earth and striking striking him and he's saying and You know, the Lord would say, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do." And the and and those black streaks with the sin could not get past the blood of the Lord Jesus. And then the Lord said, "Look, that's just your sins causing that to happen to me." He says, "Lord, I'm sorry. Sorry. I condemn that woman." And actually goes up to her and said, "Look, this is what I thought, but this is what God showed me." Amen. What? And actually compassion, the the the compassion of God could come into his life because he saw his position. But then he saw God's position. Amen. He could see Jesus' position as a buffer for his life. Hallelujah. Then he could step into her need and God saved her and whoever was with her. Why? Because he could see things clearly. I pray we catch a vision of that today. Can you all this world and Sodom and Gomorrah? What about your sin? What about what we do? Amen. But if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us. Amen. But we should never have an attitude that you know this world deserves judgment. I said Lord see because when God got into Abraham's life he could intercede after the visitation of Genesis 18. He could intercede for Lot. He could intercede for Sodom. Amen. We all know the story, don't we? God says because when the Holy Ghost comes into your life, he says I'm going to show you things that are going to come to pass. Right? And so God said to Abraham, or maybe said to himself, he says out loud basically, "Can I withhold from my friend what I'm going to do before Sodom's destroyed, he begins to talk to Abraham." Say, "Abraham, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to destroy this place because of the sin that's come up before me." And so now Abraham, because he's under that grace covenant now, and because he's met Melisedc, he can intercede cuz God wants someone to intercede on the earth. It's not just in heaven. Sure, he's our high priest, but he needs someone to manifest that intercession through. And so, and so Abraham begins to speak to him because because God Abraham knows God. He's standing in the presence of the fountain of grace that called him. It's now in flesh talking to him. And he knows that it's only it's only because of God's will that he's been called. And God's changed his life because only the will of God. It wasn't even Abraham's will. It was God's will. So now we stand there before this fountain of mercy saying who's who's turning into judgment because it's part of his character. And then God, you know, I mean Abraham says to God, "God, if you find 50 righteous in the city, will you save it?" And the number goes down and down and down. Why? Cuz Abraham is standing there as an intercessor. And if he went down to three or two or one, God would have saved the whole thing. But you see, God got Abraham in a position to intercede. How about you and I? Amen. I'm just actually telling you who you already are. We got to realize that you've got a very important place on this earth right now in this Abrahamic age. Amen. Before where our bodies are changed, we meet the Lord in the air. Amen. You have a very important position to intercede, to call out, say, "God, there must be more in this place than just this." Amen. There's got to be more. You say, "Well, what if they're not called to the message?" That don't matter. As long as, you know, if we can just help someone on their way, not everyone's bride, but there's church, you know, there's there's lots out there. There's lots of lots out there, right? They may never come to the revelation that you have, but you can help them on their journey. You know, those who are just caught up in, you know, trying to make New Zealand great again and so fixated on trying to help the world and restore it and make it Christian again, all these things. The only way that'll happen is when the beast takes over in Revelations. Won't be true Christianity, that's for sure. But you see, there's people who are just so paralyzed by sin. And so like like Lot, it says that what was going on there vexed his righteous soul, but he couldn't even his witness was nullled by it. There's people like that we can encourage. Amen. You can encourage someone on their way. They can have just a foot closer to God. They can be maybe pulled out that just love the Lord again. You can. God wants to use you to do that. You say, "Is that worth it?" Absolutely. Oh, but they're not going in the rapture. God has different people. Amen. Why are we just looking at the bride and the bride only? We're here to minister to all types. Amen. When when our Lord Jesus was here, he ministered to the centurion. He ministered to the scribes and Pharisees who who needed help. He ministered to all different kinds of people. Multitudes were healed by him. He didn't stop and say, "Now listen, are you going to be in the upper room? Are you part of this New Testament church I'm building? Are you going to believe this? You got to believe this first." No, he didn't. when they they had faith, they got what they needed, they went on their way. Your father, you understand, right? We're here to minister to everyone. Praise the Lord. Same with Brother Bram. He prayed for woman preachers. He prayed for all different kind of everyone. He didn't condemn them for what they were. He just said, "You're a woman preacher in the prayer line. Pray for them whatever their need was." Who's heard that? Who's read that? Right? It's against the word. But he didn't condemn them. He just he entered into their need. He prayed for them and then they went on their way. What' they become? I don't know. But God ministered to them through him. The same God in him is in you. Amen. That same Mazdc is in you, Jesus Christ. Right? He hasn't changed one bit. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just go. Okay, I'm going to show another picture and then we're going to go. Okay, there's a difference between a mule and a horse. This is a total segue, but hey, we're segueing. A mule can outwork a horse any day. Stronger, got more endurance, can work, do a lot more work. Now, we know a mule is a hybrid between a donkey and a horse, right? We know that. Okay? So, they're stronger, more agile. I mean, you know, they can just work and work and work. And if you look at if you look at people, you know, you know, there's Christians in this world who are more devout than you and I. I'm not saying that to beat you down, okay? I'm not saying that at I just want you to know they are more devout than you, but they don't walk in the in a in a grace covenant like you do. Okay? You say, "Well, they are mules." Nothing against them. They have their place, right? But the difference between a But the thing is, if you're looking at the wrong thing, you'll wear you'll beat yourself up. Well, I don't pray as much as that person. That person denomination just they pray all this and they do this and what about me and I'm just nothing. You're comparing yourself with the wrong thing. Right? Because a mule may be able to outwork a horse, but a horse, a real genuine horse knows its pedigree. Amen. It knows its mommy and daddy. Amen. It knows its lineage. It's got document. Well, not the horse, but the owner would have documentation, right? If it's a thorough bread. Amen. We can trace it lineage back to show that it's pure. Okay. Now, we have a lineage as well. We have documentation to prove of what we are. It could be a thoroughbred horse. It could be as weak and no stamina as nothing. It's still a thoroughbred horse, right? So don't don't beat yourself up saying, "Well, I'm not working. I'm not doing using this enough to further the kingdom." You know what you do to further the kingdom? Love the Lord. Oh, that's too easy. That's too simple. God isn't simplicity. You want someone to want what you have, love the Lord. Be like the little baby bear cub that got in the molasses gel in brother Ram's hunting. You be like that. They love the molasses. I don't know any little child that does not like a sweet and some little children don't grow up and they still love it. But you see that little cub got in there, wrecked the whole tent, got into that jar and basically got covered in molasses, right? And then what happened? It, you know, the mother called it. Finally the cub came or I don't know if the mother yanked it out the tent. I don't know. But anyway, the thing is that mother grabbed that cub and then and then it sibling and the mom begin to lick all the molasses off the one that got covered with it. Why? Because they wanted what it got caught up into. Amen. It was that that cup in its state and it's covered in molasses. Probably got more molasses on it than in it. I don't know. You know, it was the greatest advertising to its family that the molasses is wonderful. It fell in love with molasses. Fall in love with Jesus. And you will you'll be a billboard or fall in love with him again. There'll be a joy that's supernatural. There'll be a peace that is supernatural that just flows out of your life and people say, "I want to begin licking on that. What is that? What do you believe? Where do you go?" Amen. Praise the Lord. So the horse has a has a lineage. It knows where it came from. Amen. And we have a lineage too. You know, brother Bram says that that we have representation in heaven, right? Now I'm just putting this in. This is this is the after the service. This is all, you know, whatever. But the thing is this horse, I mean, we have representation in heaven. It doesn't matter what we look like on the outside. It's what's on the inside that counts. Now, Brother Bram says that the woman at the well, the difference between the woman at the well and the scribe and Pharisee is one had representation in heaven. The other did not. Amen. So now the woman at the well had representation in heaven, a theophony, right? So when she saw the Messiah do what he did, she said, "You're the Messiah." Right? Because she had representation in heaven. She was a real thoroughbred horse. But you see the scribes and Pharisees when they saw Jesus do the same things, they said, "Well, you're Belzeub." Because they did not have representation in heaven. Amen. So what does this message show you? I have representation in heaven. Why has it gripped you? Why do you believe what you believe? Why have you given your life to it? Why do you want to serve the Lord in this capacity? Why? Because God has shown you you have representation in heaven. And if you're under a grace covenant, which you are, you realize you did not put it there. God put it there before the foundation of the world. Amen. You didn't put it there. You didn't earn it and put it there. God put it there. Amen. Let's just finish with this one scripture. Let's have the musicians, please. I feel like I'm just kind of wandering around on my merry way. But he says here now, God is not a man that he should lie, neither the son of man that he should repent. Hath he said and shall not uh shall not do it? Or hath he spoken and shall he not make it good? Has he not spoken? Shall he not make it good? Shall he not prove his word? I'm just want to finish with this cuz we realize God, if you called me by your grace, you're going to fulfill your word that you've promised me. Thy family shall be saved. We're going in a rapture. Amen. Every cycle will be broken. Amen. You got to realize God has ordained that every enemy will be under your feet. Doesn't matter how deep it is in your life, how much it's in your subconscious. That thing is going. Amen. That thing is not staying. It is going. Amen. Like everything in Abraham's life was driven out by God cuz God wanted to use him as a testimony and God wants to use you as a testimony also. So you got to look at your enemy, whatever you're facing, whatever whatever it is you say, you ain't welcome no more. This has come to an end and it's not coming back around again. It's done. Hallelujah. Don't put up with it. The devil wants to say, "Well, I'm part of you. You can't get rid of me." Yeah, we can. Yeah, we can. Yeah, we have. Who's the king of your life? Satan ain't the king of your life. He was. You were born with him on your throne. But you got rid of him. How did you get rid of him, Lord? Thank you for your blood, Lord. Thank you for Calvary, Lord. Come, come be my Lord and Savior. He got dethroned. God stepped in. Hallelujah. Maybe he went through cycles trying to please God, trying to do all kinds of things like I did. But I came to a point where I realized, Lord, you got to do a work. I give it all, Lord. And he does it. So if the devil says, "You can't get rid of me." Well, he's already out of there. Hallelujah. What about the human spirit? Oh, he's going out of there, too. Hallelujah. Amen. He ain't staying. He ain't welcome. And he ain't going with you when you go. Oh, you have to. Oh, yeah. But we're going to fight him every day of our life, and it's just going to stay this way till we leave. No, we will fight him, but it's not going to be just this stagnant warfare like Russia and Ukraine just now just grinding on. Nothing's really happening. No, no, no. Christianity is just a blitzkrieg of victory. You look at Joshua. I you know I haven't I was what about four years they took the whole land. They could have done it earlier than that, right? Yeah. It was just battle after battle. Big big victory after big victory. It wasn't a grind. They were led here. It's like you got to look into your life. There's things in your life, you know, there you want dealt with. You go to that thing. Go to that complex. Why am I detached? That's a stronghold. That's going. Amen. Why can I not, you know, why do I get so angry? I got this temper. That's another stronghold. Well, it's coming down, too. You don't just look at the things, oh yeah, they're there. No, no, no. I got a bulldozer of the Holy Ghost who's here to destroy every problem, every complex, every hurt, every situation. It's going down. Hallelujah. It's good to take inventory. Why do I Why do I flare up when a certain thing said that's a stronghold that's going down? Maybe maybe map out your land. Be reflective and say, "Lord, this is not this is contrary to your word, Lord. It's going out." Hallelujah. And then watch what happens. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is here to break every cycle. We live in this great Abrahamic age. Amen. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. What are you What are you stringing there, bro? Amen. Absolutely. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. I feel it coming on. And it might be today. Amen. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. Oh, I feel it coming on. And it might be today. I'm going to walk right up into eternity and I'll step into my theophony. Oh, Enoch was a walking. He was talking with the Lord and thinking how glorious heaven would be. Then he caught a revelation of a Holy Ghost translation. Earth couldn't hold him down. He walked right off the ground. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. Oh, I feel it coming on. And it might be today. I'm going to walk right up into eternity. And I'll step into my theop. Oh, Elijah was listening. listening to the Lord who told him, "Come over the Jordan, there will be." And then he looked up to the heavens, saw a chariot descending. It swept him off the ground and he was heaven bound. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. Oh, I feel it coming on and invite me today. I'm going to walk right up into eternity and I'll step into my [Music] theophony. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher each day. I'll walk a little higher. I'll walk a little higher till my bodies change. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. Oh, I feel it coming on. And it might be too tasty. I'm going to walk right up into eternity. And I'll step into my knee. I'm going to walk right up into a body change. Oh, I feel it coming on. And it might be today. I'm going to walk right up into eternity. and I'll step into my theophony. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. I got a reason to worship. I have the reason to worship. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Before the world began, you knew my name. You held me in your hand. When the earth was silent, I was there with you singing your praise. I came to the earth. I took my first breath and the cry that I made was singing your praise. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the [Music] darkness, you came to find me. Yes, he did. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame. and you save me now. I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. When I started my journey, I didn't know that I was not alone. You were there with me in every high, in every low. Then you started to call me from [Music] eternity. Salvation rung out through your blood. I redeemed. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. took my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost, now I am saved. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Yes, he has. Hosana. I was lost. Now I am saved. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. [Music] When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find [Music] me. I heard you call in my name. Took my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my heal and my father and my friend. I can call you my Now I can call you my savior. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healing, my father, my friend. I can call you my [Music] king. Oh, the Assyrian army gathered round. Hezekiah walked up and looked around. All he saw as far as the eye could see was a sea of men. When the messengers came to him, he gave to them a ransom. But they said, "You have no more strength for war. Your counsel won't help you anymore. And all you people on the wall, hear what the great king say. Don't let his deceive you. God won't deliver today. Just look at every place we've been and every kingdom that we fought has been trotten under our feet. And you will be the same. And as the railings came up from the Assyrians, Hezekiah knelt down to his knees. He bowed his hands and he bowed his head and said, "Oh God, today is a day of trouble. Oh God, the child is come and there is no strength to bring forth. You're all my strength and you're all my deliverance. And I put my trust in you, oh God. Oh God. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus. And he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Oh, go tell Hezekiah that his prayer has been heard. Behold, I send Isaiah. They thus sayeth the Lord. To the king of Syria, I say, who hast thou bless me the case? Was it not to the holy one of Israel? It may have spoke to his, but he put his trust in me. And the words you have spoken, my tears they have received, but I'll hear no more. The way you came is the way you go. Your shields won't come against this city. You'll not fire one arrow. You'll not against him at all. Thus saith the Lord, you will turn and you will go. Thus saith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation. Whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus. and he won't put me to shame. You're my shield cuz you're my shield and you're my buckler and your name is a strong tower. You're the shepherd of the valley of the shadow of death. And you prepare a table for me in the presence of my [Music] enemy. You won't put me to shame. And when the morning sun arose, the air seems so quiet. is a kind look down. Oh, what a sign all over the fields right across the plains. The tents they all seem empty. There were no fires, no flames. Horses had no riders the same. dogs ahead. No masters, no Syrian remain. For the angel of the Lord went through the camp that night, slew our mighty host, and put the rest to fly. Cuz I have learned. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation. Whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus that he won't. Oh, I have learned. I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Amen. Amen. And I just want to finish up with one more song this [Music] morning. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is so much bigger. The troubles I [Music] face. Why would I hunger for power or riches or [Music] fame? My God is so much better than all of these things. [Music] I won't be shaking. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. Yes, he is. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, yes it is. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter, but they know the battle is done. Oh yes, it is. My God is stronger. The victory already won. Oh yes it is. He died for my ransom rose upon the third day. For he's victorious. My God is greater than this calendar. So I won't be shen. I won't be shen. I won't be. Oh my God. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak. I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger. Oh, I won't be shaking. I won't be shaking and I won't be. My God is faithful. My God is [Music] faithful. His promise is true. So I speak I speak to the mountain. Boy, it's time [Music] to My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, there's no mountain, there's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high, no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Oh no, I won't. Cuz my God is [Music] faithful. His promise is true. Oh, I speak to the mountain. I said it's time to move. Oh, yes it is. My God is bigger, better. My God, my God is bigger, better, strong. Oh my God is bigger, better. One more time. My God, my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Can I just ask Brother Cuban if you'll come up and close a word of prayer this morning. [Music] We're so thankful for this morning, my father. We want to give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise today, Lord Jesus. Lord Father, just sitting Lord Father in this atmosphere, Lord Father. This is this is life, Lord Jesus, that you've given us. We have the freedom and the liberty to come and praise you, Lord Father. Sing, Lord Father, songs of praise to you, Lord Jesus. Lift our hands up, Lord Father. Lord Jesus, we just so humbled, Lord Father, to come into this presence, Lord Jesus. We're thankful for the word this morning, Lord Father. Thank you for using my pastor, Lord Jesus. Thank you for anointing the man of God. Thank you, Lord, Father, for the words, Lord Father, of love and encouragement and upliftment, Lord Father, that you put, Lord Father, for today, Lord Jesus, for your bride. Thank you for the testimony, my father. We all go through trials, Lord Father. But when we can stand here and testify, Lord Father, of what you've done for us, and where you are taking us, Lord Father, it gives another strength, Lord Jesus, to walk, Lord Father, and push through this battle, push through the the the struggles and the stripes we have, Lord Jesus, and become victorious, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful, Lord Father, to come, Lord Father, and just bow our heads in your presence, Lord Father, because we know, Lord Father, the things you're doing for us, and the things you've done, Lord Father. We don't want to look back, Lord Father. We just want to look forward and keep our eyes focused to you, Lord Jesus. We want to look up, Lord Father, and see you. We want to talk to you Lord Father as our father. Lord Father whether we uh uh uh can pray eloquently Lord Father or we can't pray at all and we only can pray in our minds Lord Father we want to be there sitting at your feet Lord Father and just talking to you Lord Jesus. We want to lay our heads on your chest my father just to hear your heartbeat my Lord. My Lord Jesus, each one of us different. Each one of us from different parts of the world. My Lord Jesus, you brought us together. My father, you Lord Father created this family, Lord Father, that each one of us have Lord Father, brothers and sisters that we can lean on, Lord Father, shoulderto-shoulder, Lord Father, to talk to each other, Lord Father, to share with each other, Lord Father, to uplift each other, my Lord. It's only this word. It's only you, my Jesus, that can do that for Lord Father, for people, Lord Father, that came out of this world and now standing here, Lord Father, as your bride. My Jesus, we love you with all our hearts, Lord Father. Thank you, Lord Father, for this morning. Thank you, Lord Father, that you sent the rain. You cleared all the muck, Lord Father, that was standing on the side of the road, Lord Father. You pushed it away, Lord Jesus, that we could come here, Lord Father, and just be one with you. We could come, Lord Father, with cleanliness, Lord Father, because all the muck and the Mai has been pushed away, my Lord. And we can come, Lord Father, and just come and be one with you. Thank you, Lord Father, for the song services. Thank you for Brother Isaac and the team, Lord, Father. Thank you, Lord, Father, for our musicians. They come early, Lord, Father. Lord, Father, they they they anoint this place. They set the atmosphere for each one coming in just to come and sit under your anointing. My Father, thank you, Lord. Father, for every brother and sister that traveled this morning, that made their way to church today, Lord Father. Even the ones that are unwell and are streaming, my father, touch them, Lord Father. Lord, Father, we just think of Young Kerry, Lord Father. Lord, Father, he's not forgotten. He's always in our hearts, Lord Father. He brings a joy to us when we see him. Lord Father, Lord Father, touch him and use him in a mighty way this week. Lord Father, you be Lord Father the strong man for Kerry. Lord Father, Lord Father, you encamp the the the room with your angels. Lord Father, wherever Kerry is, Lord Father, you bless him, my father. Also, Brother Graham, Lord, Father, Graham Clifford, Lord, you touch him and use him in a mighty way. Keep him strong, keep him steadfast, Lord Father. Lord Jesus, we just want to give you the praise and the glory and honor and we ask of you to dismiss us, Lord, Father, with your blessings this afternoon in your precious and wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, my brother. Bless you. Praise the Lord. You're dismissed in Jesus name this morning. Amen. [Music] No one knew how alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I lied, said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day, someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you purchased my redemption. When you broke sin's power and set my spirit free, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh yes, it's true. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone [Music] astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. Oh, and no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. And other friends can never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Oh, knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh yes, I am. I'm amazed how you give through your precious blood. precious blood I found pardon and my sins I wash they're all washed away all my sins are wash away for I believe I believe that you love me I Believe I believe that you care through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. Oh yes, they're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I believe. I believe that you love me. I believe I believe that you care. Through your precious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. Yes, they're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed. I'm [Music] amazed that you love me. Oh, and I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. And all my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. All my sins when I'm my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. And I sought the Lord. And he answered me and freed me from my enemy. Those who look on [Music] him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. He'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and saved me from my eneies. The son of God, the son of [Music] God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will oh magnify magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come on. Come and his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is [Music] good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, fear the Lord. All of you saints, he give you [Music] everything. He give you everything. So magnify, magnify the Lord with me. Come and exalt, come and exalt his name together. glorify the Lord with me. Coming home to calming his name. Oh magnify, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt, come exalt his name. [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise and magnify, magnify the Lord with me. Come [Music] ex glorify the Lord. Make common zone. I'll be exhold his name forever. [Music] [Music] [Music] Magnify, [Music] magnify, glorify. The [Music] Lord [Music] come forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Give you everything. Give you everything.
