################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-11-12 - Finding your position - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-11-12
Title:   Finding your position
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Malachi Four Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAJEgiRqUyQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Say hallelujah. Oh [Music] hallelujah. I have passed the river bell where the glories never fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am live. Do you believe the true report? Oh, I believe the true report. Oh, hallelujah to the lamb. That's the outer court. Oh, glory be to God. I am all on Jesus side. To the world and [Music] sin. Oh, hallelujah. To the lamb. Give him praise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Ser. Now let's say I have passed the outer [Music] veil. Oh I have passed the outer veil. Oh hallelujah to the lamb which once gone like a zill. Oh glory be to God but the blood has brought me in to God's holiness to clean his death and self to sin. Oh hallelujah to the lamb. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where the glory's never come. Hallelujah. Let's say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have passed the ribbon bell where the glories never fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am live in the presence of the king. Let's give him praise tonight. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Fred, I'm going to have you come up and open up with a word of prayer if you would come up, brother. Amen. It's good to be here tonight, church. Welcome you once again. Amen. It's just been good this morning, hasn't it? God just fed us, gave us the precious words of God. Brother Fred, come. Amen. Holding on to the blue ribbon. Amen. You just got to forgive me. That's just delicious. Oh, I've been feasting on that. Thank the Lord. He's so good to us, isn't he? Amen. Every jot and tit we get to know it. Amen. Hallelujah. Why don't we bow our heads now and ask the Lord's presence to just continue with us here tonight. Dear Lord, we just Father are so thankful in our hearts, Lord Jesus, that we have the capability, Lord God, to receive all of your word, Lord God. All of your spirit, Lord. Father, there is nothing to be left out in this hour, Lord God. And Father, you have a people that's made for that, Lord God. So, Lord God, your prophet preached a message called the countdown one day. And I believe, Lord, we're in that time, Father. So just fill us up, Lord God, to overflowing God. Help you minister, Lord God, to to Lord, just get out of the way, Lord God, and let you speak your mind to us, Lord. We'll be grateful, Lord. Eternally, we'll be grateful. We just thank you now, Lord. Yes. And we invite your presence in here tonight. Not just in between these walls, but between the walls that are in our heart, Lord God. Lord, just do that for us, Lord God. We appreciate you so much, God. Thank you Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask these things. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Leers so who is like unto thee. Let's sing that one time. Who is like une? Oh Lord among the god who is like unto thee is fearful in praisees. [Music] [Applause] Let's say this. He brought me in. G. He brought me in. Oh yes, he brought me in. I praise God. Oh, he brought me in. Just look out [Applause] yonder. Oh, I praise God. He brought me. He brought you in and he brought me in. Oh, yes. He brought me in. Oh, I praise God. He brought me in from where I've been. Let me hear your voices. He brought you in me in. He brought me in. Oh, I praise God. [Music] [Applause] Just look out [Music] yonder. Oh, I praise God. Are you a new creation? Oh, I'm a new creation and a brand new man. Old things have passed away. I've been born again more than a [Applause] [Music] coner. Oh, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Oh, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things have passed away. I've been born again and a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a We've got the power. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the [Applause] Lord. We've got the power in the name. One more time. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah Lord in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan [Music] [Applause] [Music] raging. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh, yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh, yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. Yes, it is. It is. What is it? It's a Holy Ghost in fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. [Music] Woo! He can't take it away. It's in your heart. Oh yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me [Music] And if you're tired, you tell him, "Oh, the devil don't want no praising God around [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] here. Oh, I don't care what's the devil like. I'm going to praise the Lord with all my mind. The devil don't want no praising God around here. Praise him. The devil don't want no praising God around [Applause] here. Oh, I don't care what the devil. I'm going to praise the Lord. One more time. It's all over me. Oh yes. It's all over me and it's keeping me alive. It's a fire of God. Yes. It's keeping me alive. It's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus, we're going to get to it right away. Oh, we're going to get to it. And Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, if I hold my piece of earth one more [Applause] time. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, and for my peace I love my Lord from my [Applause] battle. Woo! Give him a praise. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm trusting in him tonight cuz I have nothing to give. But he can give everything tonight. As the brothers are coming and taking the tithe and offering, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. If I hold my peace, I'll let my Lord find my battles. [Music] Oh, the resurrection of Jesus Christ is alive and well, dear God. Lord, we're redeemed by the precious blood of the lamb. And God, we look to you tonight. We sing the praises, Lord, and we're trusting in you to step into these bodies tonight, Lord. Worship through us, sing through us, praise through us, preach through us, do everything through us tonight, God. We surrender them now to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Key of F. [Music] M somebody prayed for me. They had me on their [Applause] mind on their knees and prayed for me. They had no [Music] doubt that he would change my life and set me free. Oh, I'm so somebody somebody prayed for me. They [Music] had they fell down on their knees and prayed for me that God would bring Daddy would bring me [Music] out. Oh, I'm so And when I think of God's goodness. Amen. So when I think of the [Music] [Applause] [Music] goodness, oh there my soul cries out [Music] [Applause] hallelujah. Let the Lord fight for you tonight. So when I think of the goodness of Jesus and what he's done for me, oh my soul, rise up. Hallelujah. So praise God for say one more time. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and what he's done for me. Oh, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Hallelujah, Lord. My my my Lord. How can you not praise him? Amen. When he's done something for you, you got to shout the praises of it. Amen. Shout the praises of it tonight. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. As we've heard many times, how much do they shout? We were at the restaurant there. They were shouting for the football team that was there. How many could shout for Jesus Christ? Amen. [Music] [Applause] We're alive. We're alive tonight by his precious blood. Hallelujah. Say hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Praise God. I'm not here to cheer you up, but I'm here to just tell you that he's alive. Amen. He's alive. He's alive. He's alive. Amen. I want to worship him. And like I said, as the sisters are going to be getting ready, I want to worship him with everything that I can. And that if I should go that he would give me the breath of life to worship him and raise him again. Amen. I want to give him praise. He's worthy tonight. We love you, Lord. Give him a praise offering [Applause] tonight. Sisters give you strength tonight. Come. Amen. They have a special here. So, Amen. God bless them tonight. [Music] Hello. [Music] Hello. Blessed Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of glory divine, heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I in my Savior am happy and blessed, watching and waiting, looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. That young lady there, she's um Elizabeth's roommate there at the college there. If some of you don't know, she's attending the university there. So, I mean, that's her roommate. And Susan Mac is her name. And I mean, she's been spending the weekend with the girls there. And I mean, it's just good to have you here, Susan. God bless you. It's just so good to have you here. I think she was telling us she's done like three missionary trips there with her uncle, I believe it was, to Poland and things. So, she's definitely she loves the Lord. Amen. She loves the Lord and God richly bless her and Amen. And pray that God would give you understanding of Amen. and of his grace to us in here and what God has done in this place here. Amen. Were you Mr. Kelly? Not tonight here. No. Okay. Yeah, they did. They did ask me. I got a call from Arkansas all the way from Arkansas and said, "Oh, she plays the organ very well and she sings." But another time another time there. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Let's sing that song there, sister. If I could but touch it was the hem of his garment. My brother, we're going to try this here. It's just it goes with the message that he preached this morning. It's in the key of F. It's just a real simple chorus here. Let's stand. Amen. There it goes. Amen. If I could but touch the hem of his garment. If I could but touch some part of his [Applause] robe, I know I'd be healed. My sins all forgiven. If I could but touch him, I know I'd be whole. Let's sing that. If I could but touch the hem of his garment, touch it [Applause] tonight. Some part of his robes. I know I'd be healed. My sins all forgiven. He'll give you strength tonight. If I could but touch him, I know I'd behold. Sing it again. If I could but touch the hem of his [Applause] garment. If I could but touch some part of his robe, I know I'd be healed his one more time. As we do, let's touch him by raising our hands and surrender to him. Lord, if I could but touch him of his [Applause] garment. If I could but touch some part of his robe. You will Amen. If we touch him tonight. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. And as we do, Brother Tommy, I'm going to have you come. We don't have any prayer requests here tonight, but Amen. Sister Rachel, God bless you tonight and may give you help you there with what you you're asking him there. Amen. I know you need him in your test and different things there. So, God help her tonight here. Our sisters made a big sacrifice a lot this weekend here. So, let's just ask God to help her. She has some things going on at the school tomorrow there. So, I mean, raise your hands to him. We love you, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Come, brother. We love you, Lord. Help your children tonight, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's just keep that that thought in our our mind. Let's just touch the hymn of his garment. Lord Jesus, heavenly father, Lord God, we're thank you, God, for another day, another another day to serve you, God. God, I pray. We're all unworthy, Lord. But we approach the mighty throne of God tonight, Lord. We ask you, God, everything that's on our our hearts, Lord. burdens, a closer walk, Lord, financial, whatever it is, Lord, Father, just meet sister Rachel's unspoken request, God, and help her, God. Give her strength. Whatever she's going through, you know, God, you're more enable to raise up a standard and help us, dear God. I pray, Father, for all your children here, Lord, you meet their needs. Give it to them, Lord, unabundantly, Lord, just rain upon them, Lord. Father, whatever they need, I pray you be with the service, Lord. Give strength to Brother Diego. Help his voice, Lord. Help him, Lord, just to get out of the way and bring forth another mighty message that you're going to speak to us tonight. I pray, Lord, and I just ask you, thank you, Lord, for another day to serve you, God. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. As you're seated for a moment, [Music] M if I could but touch the hem of his garment. If I could but touch some part of his robe, I know I'd be healed. my sins all for. That's how she was. If I could but touch him, I know. Amen. Let's just touch him tonight there. Amen. It's just a privilege once again here to have our brother Diego A Royo here from San Diego and they're going to be leaving us in the morning there. So, amen. It's sure good to have him. I think it's been about five years or so since he's been here. God richly bless him. Our sister and his family there. Amen. God richly bless you folks. I hope you've been blessed here because you blessed us here. So we pray that the Lord will give you something to take home with you there. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. You love him with all your heart. We love you, Jesus. [Music] I love you, Lord. Can you say it's different now? It's so different, Lord Jesus. 191. We love you, Lord. It's good. As we're going to welcome our brother Diego a royal here this evening here. Let's just Amen. God give you strength tonight, church. Give you praise. Give him worship to him. We love you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I once was lost in sin and I had no peace within to save my [Music] [Applause] world. And now it's different. [Music] [Applause] It is different [Music] [Applause] now who have to [Music] [Applause] bleed. Let's stand. God bless you. As our brothers coming, let's welcome. You went to [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] church. So he said, "You must repent." So down the aisle I went and now it's different. It's all Is it different? See it. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you, Lord. Lord, Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. And now it's different. Oh, it's different now. is different now. Save my soul. It's different now. Hallelujah. By his blood, I'm Oh, Satan had to when Jesus rescued me. And now it's different. Oh, so different now. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. The devil had to flee. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. He can't stay around. Amen. The power of God comes. Amen. He's got to go. Amen. Where the light shines, darkness can't remain. Amen. Light's more powerful than darkness. Amen. Hallelujah. And the light shine. Amen. It's shining. Glory to God. Amen. And he certainly has to flee. Amen. He has to area of our life. Amen. He has to flee from our family. We claiming that tonight. We're applying the token tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. He's good. God's good. Amen. Amen. Open your Bibles with me tonight. God bless you in the name of Jesus Christ. again a privilege just to be able to speak you to you tonight and Amen. I believe as you just preach with me. Amen. Amen. I believe God has something in store for us. Amen. Revelations chapter 12. Amen. Okay. The antenna going to be reading here in uh from verse 7. Amen. Revelations 12 verse 7. And there was war in heaven. And Michael, Amen. And his angels fought against the dragon, and the dragon fought in his angels, and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan, which deceived the whole world. Notice the writing of this is showing something, amen, that we know happened before the foundation of the world, but also taking place and is to take place in this last day. Amen. And we see here that by this time he had already deceived the whole world. Brother Brandham said, Amen. in the fourth seal that when Satan comes down, amen, to make himself incarnate in the beast, we go up. Amen. Hallelujah. So, no says, "And I heard a loud voice saying, "In heaven, now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God, the power of his Christ." And the power of his Christ. Amen. For the accuser of our brethren, amen, is cast down, which accused him before our God day and night. And they overcame him. Amen. Didn't say we was defeated. Amen. Glory to God. It said we already overcame him. Amen. Bible's already foretelling. Hallelujah. Is that right? He's already predicting your future. They overcame him. Amen. Brother Bam said when he when the devil points you to your past, you point him to his future. Hallelujah. Amen. He says, "Oh, you was this. You done this." Yeah, that's all right. But God's grace save me now. Amen. But let me point you to your future. Amen. The lake of fire. Glory to God. Total annihilation. Amen. But the sons of God will live eternally. Glory to God. Amen. I've always said this. We We was here before the devil was created and we'll be here after he's gone. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. He's just part of the picture. Amen. He's just part of the great movie of God. Amen. We need him once in a while. Is that right? Amen. To give us a hard time so we can grow. Is that right? If he wouldn't give us a hard time, we wouldn't grow. We'd just be lazy. Amen. We just be spiritual lazies, you know. Amen. But once once he starts getting at us a little, Amen. then we start to get down on our knees. Amen. But brother Bram said, "The weakest Christian down his knees make heaven it makes hell tremble." Amen. Hallelujah. You believe that tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. So they overcame him, right? They weren't defeated. They overcame him by the blood of the lamb. Glory to God. And by the word of their testimony. And they love not their lives unto death. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come tonight, Lord, with this evening, Lord, in our hearts, oh God, just desiring, Father, more of you, Lord. Lord, more of your revelation, Father, more of your power, oh God, to strengthen us, oh God, and just to refresh us tonight, oh God. Father, may your spirit move freely, Lord. And may your word, Lord, have its effect in your people, Lord. That it would become part of our lives, Lord. Part of our character, part of who we are, Father, because we believe that Elijah will come looking for character in Rebecca, Lord. And Father, we want to we want to have that attribute, Lord, of giving praise, Lord, to the power in which this message came to. We want to have the attribute, Father, of believing, Lord, and that inside of us, oh God, that you've placed there, oh God. So we ask now that you'd come, Father, and quicken your word, Lord. Bless your children, Father. May you bring, oh God, an anointing upon each and every one, Father, that those things, Lord, that perhaps, Lord, uh are are struggling with, Lord, and things in their lives are perhaps just uh uh uh needing something, Lord, from you tonight, Lord. I don't know, Father, but it's in your hands tonight, oh God. and we place ourselves in your hands asking the blessings upon the remainder of the service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. May be seated. Amen. Amen. Want to speak a little bit tonight about heavenly position. Amen. The heavenly position. Amen. How many love God's word? Amen. Amen. Heavenly position is something that God has Thank you. I forgot mine. Thank you. Heavenly position is something that God has given. Amen. To his children. these things uh we have spoke on there in church and we we've taken you know many services and things but we're just going to try to just hit some things here that I believe would would help us and encourage us. Amen. Cuz we're we're fighting the same devil in San Diego that you fight up here. See that right? He ain't a different devil. Right. It's the same one. Is that right? And that's our target. See that's our that's what we're shooting at. That's what we're aiming at. Amen. Amen. Because God has c called us into this great battle. Amen. And brother Bandham said, "I I call for warriors, Amen, to come stand by me and draw their swords." Amen. To fight, Amen. cut through this line of unbelieving Philistines, Amen. Hallelujah. And bring the the king a fresh drink of water. Amen. Pentecostal water from the well of Bethlehem, he said. Amen. So we understand that in God's economy, he always laotted out positions. Amen. Since heaven, it was always we have the angels and the archangels and the saraphims. There was always a positioning that God did from before the foundation of the world. Amen. And that is to resemble to manifest here on earth. those things have always been and and it doesn't change. Even when the devil and even when uh these angels fail, you know, they still hold ranks. Is that right? Because we see in the days of Daniel that when Gabriel was wanting to bring this message to Daniel, Amen. He said that the prince of Persia would not let him come through and he and he fought for 20 21 days. Is that right? See, so even though Gabriel was an archangel, an angel from heaven, there was still ranks to that dimension. Amen. That even though after these angels had fell, they still hold positions, but they kept not their first estate. Is that right? That's what the Bible says. But God had loted them in a state. He had allotted them a position. But when Michael comes, then things change a little, right? Amen. When Michael shows up, then it's it's a different story. Hallelujah. Is that right? When When Michael shows up, then things start getting done. Amen. Hallelujah. Because Satan don't want revelation to get to you. That's what he's fighting in this hour. If there's one thing that the devil's fighting, he's fighting revelation because that's our foundation and that's our capstone. Amen. Brother Vam said the rapture is a revelation. Hallelujah. Brother Vam said, Amen. Revelation is more important than what you think it is. He said we can never overemphasize on revelation. That's right. We can never overemphasize. And that's what the devil fights. And that's what he was fighting there with Daniel. He didn't want Amen. Daniel to receive the little booklet, you know, 70 weeks. He didn't want him to get that. I'm just messing with you. See? See? Because, you know, Gabriel was coming down with the little book, the Star of David on it. You know, the 70 weeks. He was coming down there. see to show them you've you've read it, right? Daniel chapter 8, I believe there was one man, hallelujah. Yes, sir. That scream with a loud voice and told Gabriel, "Show Daniel the vision." Woo! My Show him, I don't want to get into that, but show him who that is. There was There was a There was an angel, Amen. Commanding Gabriel to show Daniel the vision and what it meant. See, so there's ranks. There's ranks. There's always been ranks. Amen. But when God was going to bring down his plan from heaven to earth, we find that in the future home message 1964, Brother Benham says he's speaking of different things concerning the the the new earth and how God's going to annihilate and all these things. You you you've heard it, right? You understand? And he says, he says, "Now, how do you know you're part of the word, the word of the hour promised for this day?" What is it? It's a restoration back to the first day. Back to the first. See, he will restore the hearts of the children back to the fathers. bringing a restoration of the Pentecostal genuine to bring us back into a restoration of position. Now, taking us back to the to to the beginning. Amen. Why? Because when God condescended, he came down and he made Adam. Is that right? And when he when he when he made him, he gave him full authority and control. Amen. I believe that Adam was the prince and the power of the air. Hallelujah. I believe he was the one in control, not only of earth, but in the dimension that he could he could control was a heavenly realm. It was a heavenly position. That's what we want to speak on tonight because I believe that time is here. Amen. And God has showed us how the restoration took place in one man and how he came back to that position. Amen. That male f male man fell from but amen. The first grain of re wheat to reach a maturity so that we could all reach maturity so that we could all come and take our position. And see that's the problem today that the church brother Ram said don't know his position. Amen. And you see it because if somebody wants to take somebody else's place or impersonate somebody else it shows you they don't know who they are or what their calling is or or what place they're to be in. Amen. Brother Benham said I he said I can't take brother Neville's position. Amen. And then brother Neville can't take my position. So you see today many trying to take brother Brad's position. Is that right? It shows you they don't know their own position because they're trying to take somebody else's. Is that right? But God gave you a position. God gave me a position. Amen. And it's not some kind of, you know, just any any position. It's a heavenly position. Oh my. Is that right? We are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. We are now the sons of God. Amen. We are now in possession of the inheritance. Amen. See, and this is what we're fighting for now because he says back to the first day. And then he continues to say in the future home message, he says it's only the atmospheres around it and the sin that's upon the earth that will be destroyed. See, we realize that the heavens means atmospheres above. Now, get that. That's what heavens means. Not necessarily you have to go way up into the sky. See, this is a heavenly atmosphere. See, it's it's a heavenly place right here. Amen. Brother Bam said heaven. They're going to find out one of these days that it's not way out there somewhere. It's right here in another dimension faster than this. Amen. So, we got to we got to be in that atmosphere. Amen. We're creators. Is that right? We begin to create that atmosphere around it, around our lives, around our homes. Amen. Now, notice that in the beginning, the the serpent, the dragon, he he came down. Is that right? And he he infiltrated himself, got into the human race. And we know all about that and how that took place. And by God's grace, we can see it. Amen. But we see that God has shown a pattern through the Bible. And that pattern is that when the devil comes and and and and he he he gets into God's program to interrupt it, God has something there to bind it. Amen. God has something there to to stop it. See, so that his work, his will, his word could continue. Because when the serpent did that in the beginning, God himself came down. Amen. And what did he do? He he bound the serpent. See, this battle began in heaven. And in heaven, Amen. Michael and his angels fight. Why? Why does the Bible uh uh so plainly state in the book of Isaiah that the the the part that Lucifer was fighting for was the sides of the north? You ever thought about that? Because when Moses was caught up in that vision to see the tabernacle in heaven, when he came back down, what did he do? He positioned everything according to what he saw in heaven. And on the sides of the north of the tabernacle in the wilderness was the eagle. We know that. So that was showing you that in heaven, Amen. that that group, are you understanding me? Amen. That people Michael and his angels were on the north side. And since the devil was trying to take over that place, Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. You understand? So when that brother said that same battle's come now down to down to earth. Is that right? And we're fighting this battle. But notice the dragon hid himself be he has hid himself behind mask of humanity just like a personation of God and Morphe. Amen. So since she fell to the earth in the beginning, he introduced himself into the womb of a woman representing the church. See, and by the serpent, but God bound the serpent. He came down to Eden in the evening time like he would usually do. Amen. And and he brought the judgment and Cain received the mark of the beast. Amen. Then from then on, we see how he bound the serpent. Brother Adam said of speaking of that scripture over in Revelations 20 and a mighty angel coming down with the chain in his hand to bind the serpent. He says it's not a great chain. Is that right? What is it that binds the devil, the serpent, the dragon? Circumstances. Circumstances. Is that right? Circumstances. Notice. So he cuts off the avenue, the channel, the vessel that the devil's using. So that puts him in a bind because he has no more way of moving anymore. He cuts off. See, because of circumstances, right? So when he come down, he cursed the serpent, right? And the curse cut off his hands, cut off his legs, brought it down. He bound it. He didn't have to come down and and grab it. He bound it. Amen. By circumstances. So the devil moved on into Cain, right? You can see the white horse, red horse, black horse, and pale in Genesis and Exodus. It's right there. Nickelism, the serpent speaking to Eve. Amen. white horse, red horse, Cain killing Abel. Amen. Then you can see the black horse, Nimrod bringing the wealth of the world. See, you can see it right there. And then the death angel in the days of Moses. See, coming the pale horse rider. It's it's right there. But notice God is constantly binding and loosing. See, like for instance, in the days of of Moses, Amen. God bound the devil that was working through Pharaoh. Amen. He plagged Egypt. He plagged it. So these circumstances bound Pharaoh to say, "Okay, I'll let the people go." Is that right, brother Madam said? Amen. We can He Moses, Amen. He he he got uh Pharaoh got so tired of Moses. All that he was doing, he just finally said, "Okay, go ahead and go." Amen. He said, "We can do the same thing." Amen. Let's get on on Satan's nerves tonight. Amen. So, you can just say, "Okay, let's I'll just let you go. Go in the rapture already. Get out of here. I don't want you here." See? Amen. But notice the reason I I say this brother is because God has brought that to our day. Amen. And you know the vision he was told you have been been given power to bind him. Amen. Is that right? I want to read to you a scripture in the book of St. Matthew chapter 12. We'll hit this here and then we'll continue on with this in connection. Matthew chapter 12 verse 25. Let me see if I got that right. Yes. And Jesus knew their thoughts and said unto them, "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand. And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself, how shall then his kingdom stand? But if I, by beelub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast him out?" He he was telling them Pharisees, "Now therefore, they shall be your judges. But if I cast out devils by the spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is coming unto you. Listen, look at this verse 29 here. Or else, how can one enter in into a strong man's house and spoil his goods? Notice who he's speaking of. This strong man is the devil. That's what he's talking about. His kingdom. How can a how can one enter into the strong man's house and spoil his goods except he first buying the strong man and then he will spoil his house. Oh my. What is Jesus saying? The reason I'm doing this is because by my manifestation on earth, Amen. I'm cutting off Satan's circumstances. He's been deceiving the church so long by these Pharisees and all these Sadducees and all these all these things. But I've come to bind the strong men of the house to do what? To spoil. Amen. What is the devil? He's a thief. He's a robber. Amen. We sing it, right? We come to the enemy's camp. Take away what he stole from me. But you can't get into his house unless he's bound. You can't spoil his goods. Amen. Until he's bound. But the son of man ministry came to bind the serpent. Amen. I'm not talking about something future tense that will come. Amen. I'm waiting for that. Hallelujah. But I'm talking about right now. I'm talking about he already came. Amen. To bind the strong men of the house. Glory to God. So that what? so that you and I can have the liberty. Amen. To go into this strong man's house. Glory to God. And perhaps you see, imagine this. Someone runs into your house and steals all your goods, right? And you know where he lives. So you take the police, they handcuff him, and he tells you, "Go in to see what what he what did he get from you?" You go in there, you say, "Oh, God." Oh, you go in his house. There's my prayer life. Oh, I need that back. He stole I didn't even know how he stole that, but he stole that. I come to claim it now. Amen. You go over here say, "Oh, he's he stole a little of my joy here." Amen. I come to claim. Why? Why can you have that liberty? I'm telling you tonight, you can do that. Amen. Glory to God. Why? Because this message, amen, came come to bind the serpent. Revelations 10:1, a mighty angel coming down from heaven with an open book. Amen. And he said he sent it down to the seventh angel. What for? Amen. To reveal it unto his people. What for? Amen. To claim our inheritance. To claim what belongs to you and me. And what did he do when he come down? He put one foot on the land and one on the sea. He was binding the system of the antichrist. He was binding the beast that comes out of the water and the beast that comes out of the sea. Hallelujah to God. Oh my. Revelation 17 and Revelation 13. One foot on the land, one on the sea. What was that? He didn't have a chain in his hand. He had a book. And the book binds the devil. Amen. So that you and I can run into the devil's house tonight and say, "Give me back what's mine. You stole my family. I'm coming to get them." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. I want my inheritance. I'm claiming it. Hallelujah. I'm standing on the promise of God tonight. Amen. And then, isn't it amazing that Jesus commisss them in Luke chapter 10 and he says, "I give you power over 1/4 of hell." He didn't say that, right? Give you power over half of hell. You know what did he say in Luke chapter 10 said I give you power over all hell brother recognize what God's put in your hands tonight you might say it's just a little ox go if it's a ox go shamgard beat 600 Philistines with hallelujah got to be convinced amen that you're a son of God be convinced God call you to this message for a reason. Amen. Hallelujah. God's people been beat around so much. Amen. It's time to stand up and fight back. Amen. This is the hour. Hallelujah. You believe that church tonight? Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Amen. Notice when he did this in in Eden, he made Adam forfeit his position. Is that right? He forfeited it. See, in other words, he deceived and pregnantated the church and said, "You you want her? You really love her." Amen. Forfeit your position. Think about this. He was cast out of heaven in the beginning. Is that right? How did he ever get back up there? Someone had to give him a way to get back up. Is that right? And that was Adam. Someone had to give him away because now he can go before the throne and accuse us day and night. In the book of Job, he was roaming the whole earth and then he comes before the throne of God. Why does he have access? Cuz someone granted him access. Do you see what I'm talking about? That realm did not does not belong to Satan. Amen. We're we're going to have to vacon it once again so that we can meet Christ there. Amen. In other words, the devil's just occupying the fourth dimension right now. Well, we got to cast him down. You think, listen to, you think the devil is going to come down to the earth because he wants to or be or or because somebody's casting them down like in the beginning, he's being forced to. See? And guess who's doing it again? Michael and his angels. Like in the beginning, Those two meet one another on the battlefield. You see it? He's not willfully coming down, brother. You and I got to kick him out of there. And as he comes down, we're going up. You understand what I'm saying? We're taking our position. Amen. Let think about this. God gave the devil a position in heaven. that didn't really really belong to him. He was God's right-hand man. Is that right? But that position had a great attribute that he didn't give to the devil. He couldn't create. But he was just filling a position. Amen. That really didn't belong to him. See, that's why brother Bam always say he wanted a greater kingdom than Michael. greater kingdom than Michael. Is that right? Greater kingdom than Michael. See, but look at this. You fell from that position. Is that right? And of course, Amen. The position is is covered. Amen. See, it's covered. But think about this. It's just like Judas. You believe Jesus elected Judas, right? Naturally, right? Chose 12 of you. One of you's a devil. He knew who he was. Did he know who he was? He knew who he was. But Judas, w was taking a position that really wasn't his. You understand what I'm saying? He was using a position, amen, that wasn't his. Why do you say that, brother Diego? Because he fell. Is that right? And Acts chapter 1, if you read and you know, it says he fell by transgression and he returned to his own place. Is that what the Bible says? So he he went back to his representation, right? He fell back to where to where he his you know where he come from. And then brother Bam said the disciples made a mistake. They cast lots. They said Matias or right what was the other one? Forgot. But he said they made a mistake because the one they elected never did a thing. So that wasn't his position either. You understand what I'm saying? But whose position was Judas taken? You understand what I'm saying now, right? Amen. But when the pillar of fire met Paul, amen, on the road to Damascus. Amen. And took him there and Ananas prayed for him. He received the Holy Ghost. He commissioned him. He He told him, "This is your position." Amen. Amen. Oh my. You see, Judas was taking a position that wasn't his. And Matias carnally was taking a position that wasn't his. Even elected by the church, but it still wasn't his position. But when the man that that position was for came and manifest, God manifested it, and showed Amen. that that was his. Is that right? And it's the same thing, amen, with Michael's position. He sold that was his possession. Glory to God. God told him, "I've been I've already given you power before the foundation of the world to bind the serpent." Amen. And anything under it. Is that right? See, and he manifested. See, no matter what people would say, I got the third pool. I can do that. See, but they're trying to take a position that's not theirs. You understand what I'm saying? But the but but the proof is in the pudding there. Hallelujah. Amen. It's there. The vindication is there. There's no doubt in my heart. Amen. You see, but notice brother B didn't brother Bam say this look said if you got the Holy Ghost inside of you. Amen. He said you got the power. It is right here. Everpresent water from the rock. We are now in heavenly places. What did he say? We are now in the power of the resurrection. If there wasn't a law that sons and daughters of God would create a world out here and go live a private life on it, you have power to do it. Even if you've got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. God is omnipotent. See, you ever thought about that? You ever thought about that, brother? You can do that right here. You can create an atmosphere around it. You can speak your own world into existence right here. This this is not craziness now. This is this is this is something. Amen. No matter where you are, you can be in the most craziest part of town, but you can be in your own world. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You can speak your own world into existence. your atmosphere around you. Amen. Glory to God. No matter. Amen. If we're in the very house of hell, Amen. And create that atmosphere. You can create your own world and live in it. Hallelujah. Amen. You choose what you live in. You choose what world you want to live in. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] You can create your atmosphere. You can create your own world and live in that world. That's not off of the word in the message. Perfect faith. Brother Brandham said Jesus lived in a world to himself. Amen. 1963 perfect faith. Jesus lived in a world to himself. He said he was isolated from all the world. Brother, that's that's his own world right there. That's your own world. So you got power in you right now to create your own world. Hallelujah. And live in that live in that atmosphere. Amen. Live in that victory. Live in that power. Live in that uncction. Amen. Yes sir. Brother Bam said it's done by the law of faith. You got to believe. Amen. But remember now, we can ram sack the devil's house tonight. Amen. Is that right? He's done it to us so so too long. Amen. But God promises a restoration in us. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, all that the devil stole from you, you can go back in his house and take it back. Amen. Why? Because he's bound. Is that right? He said the devil goes up there and the first seal he says in the fourth and he accuses you. He did this. He did that. Remember that? But brother said there there's a bloody sacrifice. Amen. an advocate. But the father says, "No, he did it. There's no record of him." Hallelujah. Amen. There's nothing there. What are you talking about? But he accuses and he accuses day and night. But one of these days, brother, his accusing is going to be over. His accusing is going to be over. Listen to this quote. Junction time or the junction of time 1956. There is people in the world today after 2,000 years of gospel preaching that don't know what it means to be born again of the spirit of God. This is a powerful quote. They don't know what omnipotence means and what that God in his great omnipotent power can transform a soul a street center to an angelic position. Did you hear that? He can transform a street sinner to an angelic position in God's kingdom. That's what it means to be born again. Hallelujah. Is to take your place in the land. Once you cross over, you got to fight to take your place. And that's what's taking place in this hour. Amen. I've heard your your pastor's been preaching to you about that. Amen. So, you know what I'm talking about, right? We're taking the land. We're taking our position. Amen. The others have went away. The borderline believers have they've sold their colors. They've crossed the line. They've rejected. Amen. The Holy Ghost. They've rejected to cross over into the new land. Brother Bam said, "Do we know what it means to crossing over to Jordan?" He says, "The opening of the seals." Amen. But notice, Brother Bam said we can't even really have faith if we don't know what our position is, right? says we are assembled now in heavenly places heavenly it means the position of the believer adoption part one that means that if I'm prayed up and you're prayed up and the church is prayed up and we're ready for the message when the Holy Ghost filled filled with the blessings of God called elected set together in heavenly places we are heavenly in our souls s and our spirits has been has brought us into a heavenly atmosphere. Oh, brother, there you are. A heavenly atmosphere. Oh, what could happen tonight? What could happen tonight if we would be sitting here in a heavenly atmosphere and the Holy Spirit moving over every heart that's been regenerated and become a new creature in Christ Jesus and all sins under the blood. See that imperfect worship with our hands up to God, our hearts lifted, sitting in heavenly places, worshiping together. What can happen? He said, "Anything is possible. Anything is possible." Why? Because we're in that we're taking our place. Amen. Now, notice he said that it takes us into angelic position. Amen. Now, notice that when Jesus, he commissioned the disciples. Amen. I'mma read I'mma read to you here a few things. Look, he says, "Oh my Israel and the church number four, I believe we're on the borderline tonight. I was wondering about all my meetings, how I had to cancel them out. I truly believe before the church can have the rapture has got to have rapturing faith. We can't even have faith for divine healing, let alone rapturing faith. Got to have a faith that'll quicken, change, and quicken this body and be taken away. I believe, listen to brother Brand's prophecy here predicting. I believe there's a church on its road tonight of power of the living God that men will speak the word here and there and it'll do what? Remember the quote. It'll flash like lightning. Now think about that. Keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. It'll flash like lightning. Amen. Can you say amen tonight? Okay. Look. Why did brother Bam say, "Amen, that men would speak the word and it'll flash like light." What was he talking about? Let's notice Luke chapter 10 here. Luke 10 verse 18. It says 10:18. Luke. And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fallen from heaven. You with me? You with me? I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. Now, you want to hear what the divine interpreter says about that? Want to hear what the You want to hear You want to hear what the divine interpreter says about that in the message. Thy house 1961. Thy house. Brother Jimmy reads the next question. Explain. I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. Ask him this question. I beheld Satan falling from heaven like lightning. Now I'm just going to kind of outline this. He says if it doesn't if it doesn't do it just let me know and I'll go into detail. You remember now he says that was paragraph E69 thy house. That was immediately you can read it right here. Immediately after Jesus gave his disciples power against unclean spirits and they went out casting out devils and he sent them two by two and he said don't go to the Gentiles but rather go to the lost sheep of Israel and preach the kingdom of heaven heal the sick cast out devils and so forth and they come back rejoicing happily. Now you ask that the question knows where where is at and come back happily rejoicing. He said rejoice not that your that the devils is subject unto you but rejoice because your names are written in heaven. And he and he said I beheld Satan fallen from heaven like lightning. See the power of that church. Oh my goodness. The power of that church moving forward had just upset the whole kingdom of Satan. You see, and when he saw him, when he saw him, he was dropping from his places. Satan, brother, that's that's the alpha church that did that under the alpha ministry. Hallelujah. Amen. But we receive the omega ministry. He said, "I was an alpha. I am an omega. Amen. Hallelujah. But now the omega church under this ministry that has bound the serpent." What are we going to do, church? Amen. I believe this is the hour that you and I, Amen, are upsetting this kingdom of Satan. Amen. Listen what he says. He says he saw him dropping from his places because God had to give power to his church and he beheld him falling like lightning from heaven. He was cast plum out of the holy places. Hear that? So he's he's assurpping. Amen. A place. He's a squatter in heavenly places. You know what that means? Amen. That you got to cast one of his imps out so that you can take your place. Judas have to Judas had to fall so that Paul could take his. Satan had to fall so Michael could take his. You understand? Glory to God. And we got to fight. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. To take our position within the land. Amen. Hallelujah. And where is the land? The land's the word. He said the the new land, the son of man. Hallelujah. So, it's in the word. It's in there. And this is what we're doing. I believe we're doing it tonight. You believe that? Hallelujah. Amen. And I believe with your faith. Amen. Hallelujah. In God's word, just claim it for you. Amen. It's your place. It's your position. It's your inheritance. What God gave you as a son of God. Amen. So what was So now you know what? Why brother Bam said men will speak and it'll flash. Now you understand. See why why was he saying that? as it was scriptural. It all had already happened and he was saying it's going to happen again. I believe this is the hour. I believe this is the hour. You believe that? You believe this is the hour. We've come to that time. Amen. I believe. Hallelujah. How am I going to do it, brother? How am I just speak God's promise. Speak God's word. Amen. They they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. Amen. You got to confess that God already give you the victory. You got to confess. Amen. God already give you the promise. You got to speak the word and create your world own world and live in that world. And don't take nothing else. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Don't take nothing as the devil says, "No, no, no, no. You're a seed of Abraham." Amen. You call those things that are not as though they were. You stand on the promise of God. You believe God. Amen. This ship of Z's been rocked from side to side, but we got to continue on. And the anchor's holding on. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. I believe, Amen. When Brother Bam comes back on the scene, he's going to find a victorious church. And I believe he's going to find a church in victory. He was waiting for this. He says, "I got to wait till this catches up." Amen. Amen. I got to wait, see, till this catches up and then what you've seen temporarily be manifest in the full. I believe that with all my heart, brother. Hallelujah. It's coming, brother. You better believe it's coming. It's coming. Amen. But he's got to find that church in their place. Got to find that church. Really? Amen. Hallelujah. Because we ain't just playing church tonight. We're we're fighting the kingdom of Satan. Amen. We ain't We ain't come here to play. We're fighting this thing. Amen. It's it's all out war. It's all out battle. But God give us the victory. Is that right? Brother Vam said we are his victory. Oh my. Glory to God. You say, "I need the victory, Lord." He's telling you, "Hey, hello. You are my victory. You're my victory. Christ in mystery God revealed. We are his victory. The church is his victory. We come forth in the last days with the glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for this purpose. We are proof of his victory. When we see him coming down and living among the church, that's that's his victory. Is that right? And what and what does the Bible say in 1 Corinthians 15? Death will be swallowed up in who? Swallowed up in who? There's there's only going to be one existing living church. Amen. That's going to fulfill that. Is that right? And that's victory. In one place she said her name's grace. You know grace. Grace who? Remember that? Grace who? Amen. So her name's grace. Her name's victory. Is that right? Death will be swallowed up in victory. You are that victory. [Applause] You are his victory, church. You're the reason of his death. You're the reason God sent a prophet. Hallelujah. He said, "If behold, I send you you, Elijah the prophet." Amen. We are his victory. And brother said, God's going to show the devil. God of this evil age, he's going to prove to the devil that this bride ain't like all the others. Amen. This bride is the victory. She's She's a greater than Esther is here. Hallelujah. Amen. A greater than Eve is here. Amen. You see, he recognized his position. Now you got to recognize your position. Amen. Hallelujah. A greater than Ruth is here. Amen. We are his victory. Amen. You believe that? Say amen. Glory to God. Amen. Yes, sir. See, there's got to be somebody that that's a recipient of the ministry of brother Brandham when it comes. Might as well be you and me. Hallelujah. If they don't want to take it, I take it. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't know about you, but I want a body change. Amen. Glory to God. I don't want to I don't know about you, but I want to leave this world. Hallelujah. Amen. See, but God's given us that now to take our place, take our position in Christ. Amen. You believe that deity is not in heaven. and he said it's in you. You said to think about it. The God that spoke this world into existence, the Holy Ghost lives in men and women. It's time that you find out who you are. The devil's trying to hide you back and tell you you're some little tro down something. You're not. You're sons and daughters of God. Amen. You're sons and daughters of God. And you got a right. Amen. To come to the camp of the enemy tonight and claim what's yours. Amen. What's the devil stolen from us? He doesn't realize, but God beat him to the punch in this hour. You see, in E in in Eden, Amen. He got into the church into Eve, the woman first. See, but not over here. And Christ is a mystery God revealed. Brother Bam says, remember that he said once that seed of the word is come into the womb of the church, he said the womb is sealed. So no matter what he tries to do to you. Amen. God, the womb is sealed. Hallelujah. You understand, brother? That's already inside of you. No matter No matter if they come and say, "Brother, look at this. Look at this." try to reason it out with you. You're already pregnant. Hallelujah. You're We're wasting your time, right? Trying to trying to disprove what what God has pregnantated me with. Amen. Woo. Glory to God. You're wasting your time. Amen. The the womb of my heart sealed already. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't want no other seat. I already I got the spoken word. is the original seed. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. See, brother, this is that hour. You believe it? Stand to your feet tonight. You believe it's Michael and his angels again taking our place. Amen. Fighting for our position, heavenly position. What does it mean to be born again? What does it mean to have that Holy Ghost inside? see brings you to a heavenly position. Did you know brother Ram said God he he wrote the Bible right in the heavens first was his first Bible and I found that in the constellation you know brother Bam said it began with Virgo the virgin ended with Leo the lion but there is actually a constellation in the first Bible that's called Oias or Ouches I was showing with the David with a lariat. I got a book there, but it's actually a man in a constellation stars. It's in the constellation of Scorpio. See? And he he's actually treading a scorpion. book, but he's binding a serpent with his hands. It's called the serpent holder. That's it's a constellation in the heavens. Now, this is God's first Bible. He was already foretelling the ministry. You have been given power to bind. God wrote it in the in the heavens. It's already wrote there. See what do you do that for? So that you and me can have access and have have the liberty. This is reality, brother and sister. Amen. This is real. This is something that that that that we got to realize God's given us this. Amen. And he said he said if if that church over there I didn't finish reading to you the quote in the message thy house but he said by the power of the church of them having power. Jesus said I give you power over unclean spirits and they really upset the kingdom of Satan. He said what could we do with it today? What could we do with it? He prophesied. They'll speak and it'll flash like lightning. Amen. So, what's going to force Satan in his kingdom to fully come down? Amen. Is what's taking place now. So, he's coming down. So, the more evil you see, is is it getting more darker? Is it getting more evil? It's a bad thing, but it really ain't. It's really a good thing. You know why? Because they're coming down and we're going up. It's a good thing. So don't get discouraged when you see it's a good thing. That means that somebody's casting him down. Somebody's casting him down. Amen. God's bringing us up. Amen. Caught up in the mystery of the seven seal. Hallelujah. We're already caught up in it. Amen. We're in heavenly places already. Is that right? Brother Adam said, "Amen. He's already raptured us." Remember that in our souls, he's raptured us into heavenly places. Oh my. Oh my. Let's raise our hands to God. [Music] Like he said here in this quote, adoption one, he said, "If we lifting our hands, we're in heavenly places. regenerated by the spirit of God. Amen. The son of man ministry come to bind the serpent. Amen. To give us access unto these things that we can come with full authority, full confidence. Amen. Amen. Ain't nothing going to stop this church, brother. Ain't nothing going to stop the power of God's word moving. All hell can upset it. Amen. Like we were singing earlier, brother Ralph singing amen. We're Satan. We're tearing your kingdom down. We actually are, brother. We're not just singing [Music] that. We're tearing his kingdom down. You know why? Oh, glory to God. Because the same group that cast them out of heaven is the same group. Amen. the same group that'll cast them out now. And that's that's Michael and his [Music] angels that resisted the devil's lie. Amen. They asked him, "Is there is there an Irishman in heaven?" He says, "Yes, there's one. There's an Irishman. That's Michael." He said, "You know, Irish men, they're known for good fighting. They like to fight, you know." Amen. But he said, "I'm fighting another opponent now. It's the devil." Amen. We're fighting the same one tonight. The same group. Glory to God. Think about that tonight. It's already wrote in heaven. It's already wrote in the Bible. It's already wrote in your heart. You just got to believe it. The same group that cast them out of over there, the same group that's casting them down now. Then the Bible say cast down reasoning, vain imaginations, cast them down, pulling down the strongholds of Satan. That what the Bible says. God has given us weapons, amen, that are not carnal, but they're mighty in God. They're mighty, brother. God's giving you something tonight. Like I said earlier, if it's an ax gold, amen, if it's just a stone like David, whatever it is, whatever you got. Amen. Let's swing it at the devil tonight. Whatever God give you, you say, "Brother, I just know a little that." Use that. [Applause] Oh, I'm I'm weak. Use whatever you got, brother. Because the power ain't in you and me anyway. It comes from him. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. What God give you? Think about it. Did God give you something? Are you grateful for it? Oh my. What a privileged people. Brother, sister, he said this church will be an invincible army. [Applause] An invincible [Music] [Applause] army. Hallelujah. Why are we invincible? Because the story's already been told. Hallelujah. Amen. And they overcame him. We're casting down the accuser, the brother. We're tearing the kingdom of Satan down. Amen. This is the hour. This is the time. Amen. Just realize that and keep it in your heart. Whatever you do, if you remember something tonight, keep that in your heart. Heavenly Father, oh God, tonight the battle is raging. Oh God, many soldiers, Lord, have been wounded in war, Father. And your calling, Lord, for this generation to raise up, Lord, with all that you've given us, Lord, is more than enough, Father. Oh, God. And you told the disciples, Lord, when Peter received the revelation of the son of man. He said, "I give you the keys to the kingdom." Hallelujah. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. Lord, we can bind tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. His circumstances can be cut. Amen. Oh God, we got a promise in this hour, Father, that you've given us. And we remind you tonight of your promise, Lord. You said there would be a church, Lord, that would speak the word and flash like lightning. And when you was here manifested in flesh 2,000 years ago, you gave that power to your church, Lord, and you come to reveal the son of man, and you bound that serpent, then that strong man of the house. But when you bound them, Lord, the church went forth and cast out devils, Lord, and brought down the kingdom of Satan. Oh God, no wonder Paul said in the word, you've brought us onto Mount Zion. Hallelujah. innumerable company of angels, the new Jerusalem, the heavenly places, Lord. But that has come in this hour, Father. And we're here. We're living in it, Lord. God, let us realize it, Lord. Let us believe it, Father, with all that's in us. Lord, I pray tonight, Lord. any hindrance Lord of the enemy, anything Lord that the devil is trying to hold against your children, Father, we cast it down in the name of Jesus Christ. And I declare them free, healed, oh God, it's your word, Father, and we believe it tonight. Oh, thank you, Lord God. Thank you for this great victory of the hour, Lord. The war is already won. Hallelujah. Oh, victory is ours. We're claiming the victory tonight, Father. Oh, it's ours for the claimment. Amen. Oh, we thank you, oh God. In the name of Jesus Christ, Father, send forth a refresh in the hearts of your children, Lord. May the power surge upon them, oh God. May they come forth, Lord, with new strength, Lord, with courage to continue to fight this battle. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh God, we cast Satan down. Father, any reasoning, any doubt, anything, Lord, in the mind where the battlefield is, we cast it down in the name of Jesus Christ. We cast it down by your word, Lord. We cast it down by faith, oh God. In the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, may victory set in Lord God. Oh, thank you, Jesus. In the name of Jesus Christ. And God's people said, "Amen." You believe it tonight? Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen, brother Ralph. Amen. God bless you. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. So it shall flow like a river. Oh, it shall flow like the rain. and it shall rise as a dew in the morning or the plain for the knowledge of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Shall fill all the earth. [Applause] When the spirit of the Lord, it shall fall. It shall flow. Oh, it shall flow like a river and it shall fall. The spirit of God. It shall rise as a dw. your spirit, [Applause] Lord. So when the spirit of the Lord I want to sing that one more time with all of everything. Oh, it shall flow like a shallow like the [Music] rain do. Oh, in the morning or the plain for the knowledge of the Lord he'll fear when [Music] [Applause] when my when the spirit of the [Applause] Lord oh and it reaches es to the highest mountain. Oh, and it shows to the [Music] Lord the bloody [Music] It goes from the highest to the lowest. It reaches. Amen. The blood. Oh, for it reaches to the high. His mountain. Yes. And it flows to the low. And it flows to the Lord who is [Applause] valley. The blood that is me [Music] straight. I want to hear you sister. Sing it to him. Amen. Worship him. It [Music] [Applause] [Music] reaches. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Woo! Jesus! [Applause] [Music] Now let's help them brothers as we sing it all together. It reaches. Oh, so it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the low from the valley. The [Applause] [Music] [Applause] blood will be [Applause] Jesus Christ. Oh, it will never lose it power. One more [Music] time. Oh, it will never lose it power. Why don't you play that my hope for a moment here before? Hallelujah. We love you Lord tonight. We thank you Jesus for the word casting the enemy Lord. My hope is this time on and ever Oh, my hope is in the Lord. Say it again. So my hope is in the Lord. this time [Music] [Applause] [Music] on. I stand in the presence of the Lord. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. To whom the wisdom of the ages lies. From whom the raging of the sea, the raging of the sea, the living sacrifice, the living sacrif only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. [Music] [Applause] It's in the hope. One more time, let's say, my hope. All right. My hope is in him. Oh, so my hope is in the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Forever more. My hope is in the Lord forever more. And holy is the Lord God Almighty. You know that. Holy is the Lord in G. We stand and lift up our hands. Amen. Amen. For the joy of the Lord is our strength. [Applause] We bow down and worship him now. How great, how awesome is he. Holy is the Lord God [Music] [Laughter] Almighty. You're the glory of the Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] is filled with his glory. We stand and lift up our hands. For the joy of the Lord is our strength. [Music] Oh, we bow down and worship him now. How great, how awesome is he. Holy is the Lord God Almighty. The earth is filled with Holy is the Lord. Holy is the Lord God Almighty. The earth is filled with his glory. The [Music] earth one more time. The earth is filled with his glory. Holy is the Lord. How many can say this is the days of Elijah once again? Amen. Let's give Jesus Christ a praise tonight. He's worthy. He's worthy. My my my Lord. My You have blessed our hearts, Lord. You poured your heart on my brother tonight. God bless you. Amen. We give praise to our Lord Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Go just keep playing it. My my Lord. Think of him for a moment. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] So these are the days of [Applause] Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. Oh, these are the days of his serant Moses and righteousness be restored. Oh, and though these are days of great [Music] trials, we are the world. Lord, your [Applause] [Music] [Applause] praise. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. He's shining like the sun. It's at the trumpet call. Lift your [Music] [Applause] voice. Yes, it is. These are the days are the days of Ezekiel. [Applause] But dry become a [Music] [Applause] [Music] flesh. My my my Lord. And these are the days of the harvest, the fields. You Lord, we worship you, Lord. We worship you, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord. He comes. Behold, he comes. He's shining like the sun. He's riding on. It's at the trumpet call. Oh, lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee. [Applause] I want to say that again. Behold, he comes. Behold, he comes. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. He's shining like the sun. Oh, it's the trumpet call. Oh, lift your voice. It's the year of J. 50 years. 50 years salvation. There's no [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the drop it [Applause] down. There's no God. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like [Music] you. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the cloud. He's shining like [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord. Oh, and it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Oh, yes. It's keeping me alive. Oh, yes. It's keeping me alive. Wow. [Music] [Applause] Oh yes, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's keeping me [Music] alive. It's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost in fire. Oh, yes. Keeping me alive. Yes. Keeping me. It's a Holy Ghost in fire and it's keeping me alive. It's in your heart. He can't get He can't get it. Oh yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Oh yes, it's down in keeping me. Oh Jesus, it's down in my heart. Oh yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me up. Oh, yes. Keeping me alive. Oh, yes. Keeping me alive. Oh, yes. It's down. Jesus, it's all over. It's all over. Oh yes. It's all over. And it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Oh yes. Keeping me alive. [Applause] Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, the devil don't want no praising God around here. Devil don't want no praising God around here. Devil don't want no praising God around here. Oh, the devil don't want no praising God around here. Oh, the devil don't want no praising God around here. Oh, I don't care what the devil [Music] know. So cast him out and tell him, "Satan, oh Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down." Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, my peace. [Applause] Tell Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. And what happens after you tear his kingdom down? The victory come. Oh victory. Oh victory shall be mine. Oh victory. Oh victory shall be mine. Oh with my peace I love my lord. Oh go for us musicians. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] One more time. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Peace out the Lord from a battle, Satan. We're going to tear your kingdom down. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] D [Applause] say hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. I can't leave here without saying God is so good all the time. He's so good all the time. High or low. Glory. death whatever it may be Lord [Music] [Applause] [Music] whatever you going through whatever you've gone through God knew it brought you for a Thank you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, you [Applause] might love [Music] [Applause] God is good. time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. Let's go at it now. So, God is [Music] good. Song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. So if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. Oh, he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. [Music] [Applause] All the time he put us on. No matter what. No matter what. God is good. No [Music] matter. Oh, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. You were sinners. So we were sinners so unworthy. Oh yet for us he chose to die. He filled us with him. Oh Holy Spirit so we can stand and testify. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, they will never end. God is good all the time. No praise in this. My my my God is good all the time. My my my His light will shine. God is [Applause] good. We were sinners. So we were sinners. Oh, so unworthy. Have your way, Lord. Have your way, Lord. He filled us with his oh holy spirit so we can stand and testify. Oh and his mercy. Oh they will never rain. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the [Applause] time. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. So, God is good. Oh, he's so good all the [Music] time. I'm going to give you one more before It's all about Jerusalem. That's where we're bowing for. Oh my. We're going to let you go in a minute, but Where are you? [Music] Marcal [Music] Jerusalem, streets of gold, the crystal sea. [Music] Yo, coming on. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You're going to [Music] [Applause] Lord her [Music] [Music] What is the sky? Yes, your boy [Music] coming. We worship you today, Lord. We thank you. [Applause] Yes, we thank you Lord. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] the sky. Yes, your boy. I want to say that one more time. [Music] What [Music] [Applause] [Music] is What is the sky Yes. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh sky is your boy [Music] coming all my forest. the [Applause] sky as our pastor's coming here now. Let's just tell them, we love you, Lord. We thank you, Jesus Christ, today. Give me the seed. See, we love you today, Lord. Raise your hands to him, church. We thank you, Lord. So in moments like these, Lord, I sing out a song. We thank you. Sing out Jesus in moments like the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] singing you Lord. Brother David come my brother I love you, Lord. [Applause] I love you, Lord. [Music] I love you. [Music] singing I love you Lord singing I love you Lord singing I love you, Lord. I love you. Amen. We've been blessed beyond measure. Amen. It's been a great fulfilling day. Amen. God has just spoke to us such a magnificent wonderful. It's just blessed our hearts in the heavenly places. Heavenly places. The word of God coming straight from the throne of God. Amen. Praise God. Where's God's throne at? Amen. It's in you. It's in the preacher. That's the throne of God. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. You know, we can place a lot of quotes over in the future like the quote that the brother read. They'll speak the word. It'll flash like lightning. And you know, I've heard a lot of preachers put that over there in the latter rain up in the future. Everything in the future. You know, we can do that and that's okay. I believe that'll happen. Amen. But we can fail to miss what God is trying to do right now. Amen. Right there. You can speak that word right now. Amen. The bride can speak that word right now. Wait those seven thunders out of their voices to that little group. They can take the word of God there. It'll cut and slice. And when you put all that over there in the future, but God's doing it right here. Glory. Those thunders are uttering to the bride of Jesus Christ. I believe that. Amen. That's why you can hear the kind of preaching you heard today. Amen. Praise God. It's the voice of God. It's the thunders. The voice of God. See, it's the word of God in spirit form. He's coming to the third to to the soul of the bride. Amen. That was predestinated in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. Praise God. You hear the word of God and you express, Amen. the very image of the living word that God thought of you and pictured of you before the foundation of the world. Amen. What a wonderful time we've had. Appreciate our brother. appreciate his ministry. Powerful. Amen. We just appreciate his efforts, his sacrifice, his labor in the gospel. Little group that he labors and toils with there in San Diego. God bless him. It's just little groups. You could hardly preach these things in a big group, a group, big assembly because they just won't accept it. It's little flocks, little groups here and there scattered around. God has them. Has them all over. Amen. That's right. Praise God. Amen. So, we appreciate our brother once again. We'd like to just show our love appreciation. Amen. And just collect a love offering for him. He labors. He works as works physically. He works at his job and labors in the gospel and has a family. Amen. It's a sacrifice. It's hard work. It's not easy to work and preach and um preach like he does. And we just want to show our love and support. Amen. And our appreciation, a token of our love for him, for his ministry. God would bless and bless his little group there in San Diego and all the things that he does for God's people. Amen. God would bless his efforts. Amen. It just be a blessing to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So you give, give as unto the Lord. Whatever it is, dollar, $10, $100, whatever you have, God bless you. Cann out give God, God will give it back to you in abundance. Amen. He already has. Amen. Brothers, ushers, come. Let's bow our heads for a moment. Heavenly gracious father, we come before you, Lord. Again, asking your blessing upon your people as they give. Lord God, bless them abundantly. You supply every need in their life, both physically and spiritually, financially. Lord, God, may you just do miracles in their life. Lord, make every provision that they have need of in their life. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray and bless the cheerful giver. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Just play something. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] My heart. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Just want to thank our visitors that have been with us. Um, Sister Kelly and Sister Sarah and Susan, God bless you. Elizabeth's roommate there at school. God bless you. She's in both services. So, Amen. Been real good having you visitors. God bless you. Amen. And so we're going to be dismissed now and wonderful and glorious. Thank you once again, brother Diego. I'm going to come back again real soon. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let us stand then and be dismissed with a word of prayer. brother will be journeying back home when one brother tomorrow morning to pray for you. God will give you traveling mercies. Amen. Let's praise God. Amen. Amen. Brother Tommy, come and dismiss us with a word of prayer, brother. Pray for the brothers going back to back home tomorrow for the Diego and the his family. [Music] Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, God. Father, we're un unworthy of all that you do, God. Lord, Father, we're so thankful in this late hour, God, that you called us, Lord, that we're hearing the truth in this hour, this great message, Lord. Father, where else could we get it from, Lord, but the very lips that you have of your prophet, the very vindication that you use of the five-fold ministry, God, and all those things, Lord, that you do. We're so thankful. We're blessed beyond measure, God. Lord, let us just always remember as we leave this place, this place, Lord, that we never walked in here, we walked in here, but we leave different, Lord. Father, filled with the very things and the revelation that your that our brother labor labored for to have us to receive God in this hour. God, I pray that you be with him, Lord. Let the angels go before him. Keep him safe and his family, Lord, and our visitors too, Lord. I pray that you keep your angels around them and you bring them home safely, dear God. And I pray God that we take these words that we heard tonight Lord and we let just let them be anchored in our hearts Lord. Father that we're just to go home and just to bask in what you've received to us Lord and let us to receive dear God. Father I pray Lord that you be with us. Give us strength Lord as we fight another battle as we wake up tomorrow God. But to know, God, that when our feet hit hits hits the earth, that those devils tremble, that we have another day to serve you, God. Another day to battle, dear God. Another day that we strive for the strength, Lord, that you give us, Lord, to receive and to be ready for when you come, God, to find the perfect faith when you come, dear God. Lord, I pray, Father, that you be with us now as we leave. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. You're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
