################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - Life Testimony - Bro. Ray Erickson Questions & Answers - Ray Erickson Questions - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   Life Testimony - Bro. Ray Erickson Questions & Answers
Speaker: Ray Erickson Questions
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh0LlR4-Y1w
========================================

Sure. Love you. Was wondering if you remembered the first message that you read that they the book that they gave you. What it was, Nathan. Uh uh I I No, I don't. In fact, Brother Lynhart when he came and stayed on 30 a day. No, I don't remember that book that my brother gave me. I don't remember the name and I don't even know how much I even looked into it. But the thing of it is when brother Lindard came he played a tape as we sat in our living room listening on the farm there and I can't remember that either uh that particular tape but uh yeah but uh and brother Leonard shared a lot of scripture with us but I do not Yeah, you go you were going to ask me questions. Go and ask me and see if I can I don't know what I can all come up with. Do you have a uh do you have a favorite message or one that was really influential in your life early on? Well, you know, uh when you speak about that, uh I can't say of any favorite that I remember, but I remember uh brother Green, you know, there was several of us believers that lived in the what they call Desert Shores Trailer Court in Tucson, Arizona. and uh he came and played uh one of the messages at they had a uh it it was quite a big trailer court so they had a uh commune commune building there where you could go in and so he came there and he played a message and that's what brother Benham spoke about beyond the curtain of time and it it it it's you know I I never heard the likes of it because you know the thing of it is uh young people uh I had a favorite dog when I was young. My dad bought me a little puppy and it one black eye and one white eye and it was a mixed breed. But the thing of it is it was a cattle dog without training. It was a hunting dog without training. I could go feeasant hunting in Minnesota. Come to the end of the field and you know you got the labadors, you've got the golden retrievers. They're they'll point and everything. Well, this dog, he's only about this big. He come the end of the field, he'd spot them because he'd just point like a hunting dog. So, I had a favorite I had a favorite uh and I had a little Shetland pony. It actually my brother had it, but he got too big for it. His name was Pal. Wow. I'm surprised I remember that name. That just came to me. Wow. Wow. That's quite a long time. Pal. Anyway, uh you know, he he he he was a real buddy to me. I mean, you almost killed me one time, baby. I could tell you a little bit about that, too. Yeah, we want to hear that. Huh? You want to hear that? You want to hear that one? Yeah. Well, it was the time to fill the silo and uh he was a little rasco, that guy, and uh and they were out there uh running the machine, cutting the corn, and you know, and we had to be by the sil shoot up in the silo. So, I'm riding this pony out through the field and coming through the gate, the crazy thing wanted to break loose and I couldn't hold them. And uh my dad had what they called straw shed uh for the hogs or cattle and he cut the post off about like this and the reason that's the reason he almost killed me. Uh so they were still sick enough land. So this pony just beating it through that yard and I'm just trying and I probably probably riding bear back because we didn't always saddle you know where did I fall off at right on my chest on one of them post I thought well I don't even know if I thought I could not get my breath I could not and you know all kidding aside I probably could have killed myself but the Lord there again. And and and my my cousin was there, I guess it was. He picked me up, man. And I guess and got me into the house. I said, "Oh my goodness." Yeah. That's how he almost killed me. So the the reason that tape uh and you know was so real, I'm thinking, "Is heaven really that real? I've never heard something like that in the Lutheran church. Is it really that real?" Yeah. That brother Brandon's dog is there and and horse is there. Now one brother told me I said you know which uh he was quite studious in the message he said well it might not be it might have been in the sixth dimension maybe not in the seven so I don't know I really don't care well you're on the farm uh you want to explain what a corn crib is and why it's cold yeah a corn crib is is not like crane grain bins today you know where they're solid. Corn crib is where they got slats. So they used to pick their corn where they had some moisture in it on ear, not shell like it is they do it today. It was on ear. So you would you would build well all depends on the size of your farm. Now it would be 40 foot long, 60 foot long, could be 100 foot long, but it always had about that space between the boards. So in the fall when you you you got them fall winds, they they go right through there and dry that corn. And and so in the winter time is usually when they would bring when they would bring the uh the uh what do you call that to uh not grind it but to shell it. Yeah. They people would make a living by that. They'd have a unit on a truck or something like that and they would bring that. So that's and then you you you'd shell it in the middle of the winter. So I always have the phrase, you know, when it gets real cold, it's like a corn crib. Yeah. Cuz my when you're in there in the winter time, you know, them that wind go right through them slabs. Oh, you know, speaking of that, here we go again. Go ahead. Speaking about the Second World War, I was about 6 years old when it ended. Okay. And uh uh so I'm I'm in the house and we must have had the radio on and uh I don't know if my mom uh you know I I wouldn't have understood it but my mom must have heard it and and my dad already had hired somebody to come out and and they had a truck with a grinder on it so you could grind the corn or the oats or whatever wheat. So, uh, he happened to be on the farm the very day that the war ended, and my mom heard it on the phone, I guess, and I and and my goodness, my dad was out there rejoicing, and this guy was just revving the engine up. The war is over. The war is over. Awesome. Hallelujah. She must heard on the party line, huh? Oh, yeah. That was another deal. Two longs and a short. I don't know if that was our ring or not, but that sound pretty good. Yeah. You know, you you folks wouldn't have a clue about a telephone on the on the wall, right? Where you had a ring along or Huh? How would you know, young lady? You must have found one at the auction, huh? And uh you know, that was our uh what would you call it? Little entertainment. Mhm. We didn't have a television quite at that time. And uh so there was about maybe half a dozen people on the party line. So uh the neighbor we knew we knew their ring, you know, and and so uh he had quite a bit of trouble with drinking and uh so ringing and picking up put it put the hand over there so he couldn't hear your breathing. Oh my goodness. Didn't need a newspaper. Got it over the phone. Oh no, you had an accident again. Oh, you're drinking. You're drunk. Oh no. Oh, now I know we're not supposed to be talking about televisions, but in 1950, my parents, my dad decided, my goodness, he heard about they're selling televisions now. So, you know, the neighbors would get together, play cards and stuff like that and uh talk a lot. They talk a lot. You know, probably half of it was gossip. I don't know. Who knows? But anyway, you know, they'd get together different farm houses and then well then my dad heard about television, man. They're selling television in town. And uh so he he puts a great big water pipe way up alongside the house. You can put the aerial up there. So he he's the first one in the whole community got a television set. So we were almost like a movie theater. Neighbors would come over and just nobody [Laughter] talk. And you know when I grew up when I grew up uh you know uh it was a big deal. I think it was Friday night was the big night. I don't know if it was either Friday or Saturday. Big big night in town. They were popping corn on the streets and they had a movie and it was usually one one or the other. Gene Audrey or Roy Rogers. You don't have nobody even laughed. You don't even know who it was. You do, Ronnie. Man, you must have been studying a lot. They were all cowboy movies. Um, in Israel there, you you used to tell a story a lot about being at the Western Wall. You remember that one about during one of the feasts or something? That's a good I don't know about the about the feast, but the thing of it is is that uh I know like I think even people around the message seem when you talk about the presence of the Lord around the Western Wall in Jerusalem, they think you're a little wacky. Uh, I know I went on one of the tours and you know the kind of standing back like they make you wear a cap and of course we're not supposed to be uncovered but you know I put my cap on and uh no matter who it hinders in the message or whatever I put my cap on what they or or they they'll they'll tell you get out you know so you know so uh my brother uh had rented a home in Jerusalem when they first moved there and so by the time we got there uh his landlord uh lived in the old city and uh their apartment uh was up quite high. I don't know how many stories them apartments were, but they were they must have been at the upper apartment. So, uh those of you that don't know about the old city, the old city's got several different gates. And uh when you my brother and I got off probably off the bus uh and uh at one of the gates and uh we walked and walked and walked and and and some of the cities starts like up here. Uh I can't remember what gate is way I remember the master's gate. I don't remember the names uh of the other woods, but the one that we got off then the the walkway down to the western wall uh it kind of slopes so all the shops are along on both sides. Some are Jewish shops, some are Arab shops. So he said, "Ray, if you want to go with me, I got to pay my rent." So, uh we're barely there in Israel. And so I said, "Yeah, man. Let's go." So we went up and and they had a great big window facing the western wall and it was by that time it had gotten dark and the lights are on and my when I looked down over that wall I just wow I said that's something. So, you know, once in a while, uh, we wouldn't always go there like the Jews do, but we would go there and, uh, and, you know, and, uh, and stand and watch and sometimes, you know, pray or or, you know, it was a tour and we just walked around and where the Western Wall was, uh, where you can see up. Now, that would be that would be Herod's name. Yeah, that would be Herod's what you can see her Harry's part. Now they have as you turn to your left as I'm uh going in there and you were in there too, Nathan. Uh there's a synagogue, but it's still wall. It's still wall. And they they've they've dug a shaft. You can see way down. Now, I can't say if that's really Solomon's that you can see or what, but it's quite a ways down the chamber, but there's where the people and the Jews, I don't know uh for sure where they get that in the scripture, but they they have a lot of motion when they pray, right? You know, they just pray. So, when you go in there, the sound is extraordinary because it's not a very high roof and and and it's all stone. So, you know, they're just praying and praying and some are travailing and things like that, you know, just and uh it it's something and so what really affected me one time uh we were just walking in from the backside and there again I don't remember that gate and doesn't make any difference but they had the yeshiva student what they call yeshiva students their Bible school Bible school students and uh from uh from that area up where my brother's landlord was there was large all the steps were my they might have been 30 foot wide 20 to 30 foot wide and these yeshiva students had joined hands and they were marching down singing I said wow I mean there's just there's just a presence there's just a presence that happens there you know and of course you know we're not worshiping stones or anything and and and of course we can do the same thing with brother random you you know, go way back. We got to have our experience now. But, you know, the thing of is but there but it's amazing if you look on uh you know, Israeli news now, the soldiers there, they go there. Uh they go there. Now, uh one of the things too uh does everyone know why the western pardon me? Does everyone know what the western Oh, yeah. I got to thinking about that too, brother. They probably don't even know. So, it's a uh go ahead. You can tell them from the beginning. So the thing of it is is that Solomon said there was the first temple, right? Then there was the second temple. Huh? Yep. Zerable. Zerable. And then then what we see is Herods. Herods. Herod. So that's that's the walls of the temple. What's left of the temple in in in the old city of Jerusalem. You understand what I'm saying? In the old city of Jerusalem. So that's what that's what uh I'm glad you brought by brother Wayne brought that up because I was wondering too if anybody even knew what the but that's part of the temple that you see and that's why I'm telling you that shaft I'm not even sure if that's irriible or if that's Solomon you can see down there Solomon's part there actually is a is a is a place where you can go we did it one time with brother Green that where you can go in where Solomon was carving the stones in inside underneath And we went through a real I don't know if that was when you were there. We went through a tunnel one time under the old city. So a lot of there's a lot of excavation. Every every year there's something happening. You know about Israel. I wish I wish everybody maybe brother Wayne take a whole church sometime. He'll pay the bill if you give the offering. And so uh it's amazing. You talk to brother Wayne. Ask him how it affected him even driving up to Jerusalem. So there's some connection between the bride and Israel. I can't. Huh? It's our home. It's our old God. That's when he starts weeping on the way up to Jerusalem. I'm telling young people, we're living for something that no other age has ever lived. No age has ever lived to see what we see. I don't know if I'm going to be able to see it, but I got a lot of age on me. I got a lot more behind me than ahead of me. But I'm going to tell you what, if I don't live to see it, you take these words I speak tonight. I'll tell you, it's real. And what's happening in even in this nation against Israel, we're seeing the sign of hatred. And that same hatred is under the ecclesiastical spirit against us. And you remember the seventh seal is to us is the seventh trumpet to them. It's the same thing. To us, it'll be the second coming. to them it's more or less almost the first coming. So there's some connection here that I don't think we're seeing. Our eyes haven't even open yet. I mean we're talking about the two witnesses. Okay. But then uh brother Wayne, you're going to have to help me out a little bit on this here. But in the church age book, it says something about, you know, about the Gentile. As the Jew took the Gentile, the Gentile take to the Jew. So that may not all mean by preaching. Maybe what they've seen of a life ever since we lived there. Now I don't know how many times Nathan we've been back there. I know I've been back there with you. I've taken uh uh I've taken Martha on one trip. Uh Mary went by herself. Matthew went by himself back. Benjamin went by No. Wait a minute. No. Benjamin AI, brother. Uh, brother Ken, right? No. No. Yeah. Ken Ken Boy. Yeah. We We went We went that time. Had a tremendous time and uh and just it it's just something unreal. It's unreal. So, you know, uh I I sometimes even at our local church, I feel a little I don't know. Maybe it's me. I don't know. is probably me, but I feel almost like do people really want to hear this about Israel? I mean, we should be praying about the peace for Jerusalem. It's a scripture. Should be praying for that. And uh and and you know, and uh so uh I don't know how it's going to come about. I don't know how it's going to come about them two witnesses. I feel I think brother Wayne feels the same. We've talked that that they'll have this message cuz this is the only Christ there is. Of the returning of the original seed. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's maybe like that fell. Yeah. I'm hoping that fell I talked to yesterday is a seed. They were just waiting on some seed even in their own family maybe. But don't grow weary and welloing. Brother Ronnie, go out there and preach to them people in Mexico, man. If you feel that the Lord, not because I tell you, but I mean, I mean, deal it out because, you know, God has called you like even with the Spanish people, you know, and uh my brother Wayne has been all over the place and and uh you know, I my my uh my missionary days are over. But to be honest with you, I never really had that I never really had the call for a missions. I did it. I did it, but it just really wasn't I don't know how much fruit I bear from it, but uh I I you know, I did it some of it, but uh it's it's a real calling. Not everybody can do it. Not everybody's equipped for it. Any questions there? Um what is the message to you if you had to put it in a few words? The message to me is actually Christ himself. Yeah. It it's it's not it's not a you know like I was telling that gentleman yesterday I said now you know I I just warned him I said okay if you see some things about brother random on the internet just ignore it because there's a lot of bad things said about him so don't don't even look at that but but but like I was uh like I was saying u now I lost my train of thought but to me the the message is a restoration back oh I was telling about Malachi 4 it's a restoring act and I said, you know, this is not another prophet like like Mr. Smith where they have to start another Bible or something or you know or or you know, but but this is taking us right back to the word itself. And if you remember, brother Vanam said, I'm not I'm not even I'm not even preaching another message. It's the same message, but it's just been added on to. Yeah. you know, like he says there in the church history book. Uh I was going to actually use it in my next ministry what would but the thing of it is is that you know he said Paul couldn't take his first uh revelation and then take the second one but it down to the age it was added too to bring it into a closer view. That's what happened through the prophet. He took us back to a closer field of who really Christ is. Yeah. Amen. So to me this message and you brought it uh Sunday it's the mechanics and the dynamics together. Right. So I I feel I feel a lot of people even in the message just know a lot about the mechanics. But have they ever I mean brother Brandon himself this man challenges brother Ben. You don't seem to know your Bible. He said but I know the author. And if you've got the inside teacher you don't have to be remember there what I read in in in in uh second John here the anointing the one that's inside of you is the teacher. And if you don't have the teacher this mission don't even mean nothing to you. That's right. So I do not I do not go along with you have to bring him to Jesus Christ before you bring him to the message. You bring him to the message that is Jesus Christ. But you got to be a little careful with a new person. You've got to have wisdom of how to share that. But you know I would like to see you young people uh now you got to be led of the Lord. It's just how it worked out yesterday. But if you're here's what I'm saying. Be sensitive. Yeah. When that man said all he had to say, I'm blessed. Something. Okay. This is an open door. Are you a Christian? Yes, sir. I'm a Christian, sir. And here he's he's a fresh guy. I don't know how long he's been out of the Catholic Church, but you know, he and he's still moving. He's moving around from church to church. So maybe he's a real he's an eagle. I'd like to see the young people be led of the Lord. Not to have to go out on the street and knock on doors and but in your daily routine. Yeah. All of a sudden you get that nudge. Yeah. That nudge. Oh sir, uh have you ever met Jesus Christ? So that's what when you ask me that what does the message mean to me? That's what it means to me is is a living word of God for our age. Yeah. And it transforms you. That's why. Yeah. And that just came fresh the last time I ministered. No, it was on that Thursday night when I said there's only one camel. Yeah. They don't take the daisies. That came fresh. I didn't I don't think I even planned that. It just came out. Only one camel. You talked about being in catechism and and the presence of the Lord came over you, but you uh you said you didn't understand yet how to yield to the Lord. So, no, I didn't. So, so now how would you how would you share how to yield to the Lord in his presence? I don't know if you can fully explain that uh to yield to the Lord like uh you see uh there's so many things uh down through the years as a message being preached and if it if it goes another 20 years it'll probably be a lot more. But there's a uh you know uh not everybody there can explains how God speaks to them. Uh maybe if I could put it that way like you have your own personal I mean like brother Ram said you might not receive a vision like me. Uh but you pray and you keep praying to find the will of God find the vision and then you know so the presence of the Lord is to me I I I just feel feel it and and I've nobody can talk me out. In other words, oh, you're just you're just got feelings. You know, you know, a sister used to tell me Frost story, you know, well, feelings come, feelings go. That's true. Emotions come, emotions go. So, to me, there's a difference between physical emotion and the emotion of Christ himself. What the what the quickening power can do to you. Yeah. So, uh you know, you'll get some uh situations where it actually it's just human emotion. It can happen in the church. human emotion, but the real god-given emotion when the spirit of God moves on you, you know, I I I go back like when brother Brandham was uh traveling with brother Ed Bisco and uh I mean uh like when uh when brother Brandham was asking all these question, could this be the ministry of Elijah? I think uh brother Eddie uh and and and when brother man when brother Eddie looked at brother man he said his beard was he said we had two or three year beard two uh two or three days beard he said it just stuck out like this and he said it was just just like he was whitish you know so that presence was so over brother Brandham that also it affected brother Bisco so that wasn't just just a emotional physical But so so uh if your hair stands on end under such a presence, don't make fun of it. Don't uh don't make fun of anybody. Uh make just say Lord, it's up to you. Is that a person actually in the spirit or are they in their flesh? So So the thing of it is there's been so much against emotion. And then again on the other side just like he he tried to level it out someday. You know it's not I I really I really enjoyed it when he said you know I forget how he put it but it's fanaticism on this side and then it's legalism on this side. Formalism almost the same thing but but that's the right word formalism. So the thing of it is I believe brother Benham said himself is down the middle of the road and and and that's what I've strived for. I have always hit it, believe me. But I'm straight for down the middle of the road. So what? So how do you know what was the question again? About about yielding to the Lord. Yielding to the Lord. Yeah. So the thing of it is is that when the spirit of the Lord comes to you, you just have to Oh my, that's strange. I wish I just read a quote today, I think about that, but I can't remember what it actually how he said it. But you you you just have to open yourself up to it. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. I mean, you're a seed of God. He's not going to he's not going to let the devil put something really bad on you. You know what I mean? So, so when you when you know he's there, you need to you need to hearken. You need to hearken to it and and know, hey, Lord, what what are you what are you wanting from me? What are you what are you trying to tell me? So, it's the main thing is just yielding your way to that and don't be afraid of it because if you've got the Holy Ghost, he's not going to misinterpret you. Is that okay? Yeah. Good. Um, so I think one of the most beautiful things about your life story is Sister Ruth and her faithfulness. Yeah. And the journey that you've been on. So, yeah. uh since it's a gathering of young people, could you share some wisdom on on finding uh God's will for your mate? Yes. You know, see, that's something for Ruth and I, young people. Uh we both came out of the world, you know. So, for for us that to come in together is absolutely a miracle. Absolutely miracle. It's the predestination election of God that that that we could come together not knowing anything about what we know today. So the thing of it is she's been such a help me to me. Uh she's a very quiet person. Very quiet. I you know you may not think so with me because I got such a loud voice and I preach but I'm not always this loud and I'm not always talking a lot. Uh but we uh she's always uh you know stood with me uh not even understanding what I'm always doing. And uh so the thing of it is you young people have an opportunity to put your petition before the Lord on your mate and you're you know and brother Benam is always telling us the main thing is to look for character not just beauty but there's nothing wrong with beauty as long as there's character you know what I'm saying but what I'd like to not only advise you but warn you uh is everybody that says they're message believers are not message believers. Now, do you recall I wish I had the quote. I don't have the mind like these the like brother Wayne and these young brothers, but there's a quote and I'm going to take a little time that you ask me the question. Uh somebody told me it was actually brother Ben's relative. He don't say that on the quote, but I don't know who told me that. But if you remember, uh I don't know, help brother Wayne help me out or Nathan even or brother Ronnie, I don't care who does, but this young boy uh his parents I think his mother was German. Uh and the father was some other nationality. Well, the Huh? Irish. Irish. Maybe you want to tell it to get it right. No, you can. But anyway, uh the the German side uh was just almost always unforgiving. Brother Bam said he could walk by and they wouldn't even say a word to you or nothing. You know, that was the German side. Don't mean all Germans about them. My mother was German and she wasn't that way. And uh so the other but but both parents got converted. Well, they're wondering about this boy, you know, what what what's the deal with him? Uh he's a he's a Christian. They called him a Christian boy. Isn't that right? They called him a Christian boy. But the thing of it is he had uh evidently started dating this girl and uh and uh all of a sudden brother Ben don't really explain it all but he he said that he must have done something bad or dropped her or something. How was that again? I don't remember. But but anyway, he just he just caused a real issue with that girl. and and and so brother Random goes on this sometime I'll try I'll look up that quote and I'll if anybody wants it I'll give it to you but uh so he's saying that uh brother Ben said yeah that boy uh sure he's a fine young man he's a fine young man but the thing of it is if he don't have the Holy Ghost he still and I'm I'm paraphrasing here he still doesn't he still got some of that father and mother in him before their conversion. Them parents had changed. Okay. So, he's still got some of that in there. So, I'll shorten it up as best as I can. But he's he's saying now he's saying now to them parents that boy, unless he gets converted, he'll make hell on earth for any girl that he marries. You following me? Even though he was a nice boy, he still wasn't converted. So, Brother Brham saw through that. So, that's a little bit of a warning. And I've always said, and so the thing of it is, I know we're taught not to, you know, uh get too closeminded or or, you know, have the right kind of uh courtship. That's how we're taught and that's what we want. But the thing of it is, you know, uh I had a brother one time move from the east coast was in a false story. You heard me tell the story. He took a liking to one of the sisters in the church and he had thus sayeth the Lord. He said that's my wife. Well, she did not have it. So, watch these kind of things when you get real super spiritual. Yeah. I feel now Brother Wayne can uh can correct me. Um, I feel that there shouldn't just be, you know, you got a super spiritual dream or super vision or I've got touch of the Lord. I think there should be a feeling there. Yeah. There should be kind of a feeling uh there. You had that for your hand, right? Oh, yeah. That for you. You see what I mean? That's what I'm talking about. I'm not just being a kid about that. I mean, there's there's there's some kind of chemistry there some kind of chemistry going on. So the thing of it is don't get in a hurry just because you know the person even for 6 months now say for instance if you uh you find somebody a thousand miles from here I wouldn't marry that person whether it was a whether it was the brother's side or the or the or the daughter's side. I would never marry that person till I check with that pastor. And not only the parents, the parents would say, "Oh, yeah, that's a good fellow. That's a good lady." I would check with that pastor. How many years has he been sitting under your ministry? Yeah. Uh what have you seen, sir, in that person's life? Because I've I've heard, you know, I I've heard enough where marriages don't last. I mean there is not multitudes that I know of but it you know it it it works. It don't work always. So take your time and find out find out even in your local assembly be around those parents for a while. Be around with those parents. What are those parents like? What kind of offspring? How have they taught their children? And then if like another point, if they're if they're in another congregation miles from here, not only talk to the pastor, but find out, maybe not ask him what he's preaching, but find out from somebody in the congregation what kind of a uh what kind of a word is he actually preaching. I know I I know right now today if if somebody say, "Well, uh I'm going to move to certain and such." I'd say if I was you, I wouldn't. That sounds kind of rough, but that that's what I would say. Yeah. Promise you I won't because they're not even preaching the message. Yeah. Is it okay? Is that absolute? And maybe just one last one in general. What's your advice for finding the will of the Lord for your life? Think about young men looking for careers and young people looking for education and just decisions that need to be made at this time of life. Yeah, that's a that's a very depth question. Very depth. And uh uh uh I know that is the prayer is the first thing, but the thing that's what I'm a little concerned I might even share that with that young man yesterday. I was so happy to see him already buying a business, a business that I saw on the side of the truck today being established in 1987. And uh I I said that's probably I'm pretty sure it was him. There's a lot of problems with the young men um finding uh finding direction in their life. Yes, I believe it was him because I said, you know, I'm not just talking off the top of my head. I I had a little problem. I had a little problem. Uh I had I was telling the young man, you know, I had an opportunity uh as a maybe junior in high school, senior in high school. Uh we had a little uh we had what how many knows what Green Giant Company is? You've eaten their corn and Oh, yeah. peas and stuff. Okay. Well, in that little town there was a Green Giant Company. They canned corn in the summer. So, uh, my my family was, uh, acquaintance with one of the men that was, uh, director there or kind of a leader there. He gave me a job, uh, I think one of maybe, like I say, junior senior high school. And, you know, man, he gave me a job in the warehouse. All I had to do is count boxes and and make sure the the rail cars were loaded, right? That's why I know what Brother M talks about, putting the seal on, you know, and uh, but some of the older people kind of start making fun of me, you know. I'm just a young guy. How do you get this job? In other words, or something. And you know, I I just uh well, I I'm like uh uh some of the young men I uh you know, well, my dad's got a farm. What What do I need to I can just quit. You know, I just quit. Well, you know, uh I might say things uh might might be kind of straight, but but the thing of it is is that uh young ladies take my advice. Make sure that man just don't have the Holy Ghost and knows the message forward and backwards. Make sure he's established in a job. Established in a job. And uh I want to be all right. One thing I can handle. That's why I said I was raised to work. I was raised on the farm. you get to work and and and and things like that. But let's say but but I also can look on the other side just I'm just being open. Okay. I didn't get settled right away either to blue time. But you young men, you need to know. I just use uh uh No, I can't use that personally for one of my family. That would probably not be right. But just even in high school, it's even it's time to start finding out uh you know like uh uh really being settled on where don't jump back and forth when you know and you can't have a job on minimum wage anymore and support a wife. You can't do that. I don't uh I I know that uh uh when somebody comes to me about advice going to college uh hey I don't really look forward to sending off somebody uh to live in the dorms and and but if they can do it here in Lima uh now I I got to admit I've advised somebody that they could do part of it here and uh if that's your direction you need to go to another college for a But make sure your housing wherever you you know. So I I'm I'm really being open. I don't want to be just dogmatic about you got to stay in Lima. But I mean you got to really be established. Yeah. Because the demons of hell are in these colleges. Yes. Amen. As well as high schools now. So but uh I could go on so we better quit because the thing of it is you you brothers you know uh I I personally can't stand a lazy man. Uh, you know, and and because it's just you you say, "Oh, I'm in love, man. I love this sister, and she loves me, and man, we're going to have a real marriage." Yeah. Uh-huh. One year down the road, you're already behind in your credit card by thousands of dollars, and you can't pay it off in 10 years. And if you're going to start building up, someone are looking at me and someone staring at me and some are waving their head. Some are up tight and some are green. So, you know, uh, finance is a big deal when you're married. It's a big deal because here's my advice to my own family. when you get married, don't buy a house. Uh, too big a money. Here's what I suggest to them, and I've suggested to to believers, not just my family. You buy the house you can afford so that you still got enough money left over to buy a hamburger because it's really beautiful because you get under pressure. Pressure and it causes stress on the husband. There's going to stress on the wife and then you start get oh my I want to tell you honey you just got home from work but I'm expecting honey we don't have no Hallelujah. So that's my advice. You brothers need to point up. Yeah. Find out the leadership of the Lord for your life. Even when you're a junior in high school. And one of my children, he got some direction in in around around in a junior in high school. He said, "Dad, I can't go to this school. I'm going to go here. I got to get some credits. I feel what I'm going to do. I got an aim." So, he got that aim. Got that aim to go this way. By the time he was uh going going into his profession for school for for his profession, all of a sudden I ran I was selling up in Finley to a small college and and I was talking to the dean just a small college talking to the dean. I explained to you know my my one child is going into oh no discourage discouragement people are quitting that. So I went home and told told my child that said, "Dad, I believe it's okay. I'm going this way." And it turned out exactly right. So the thing of it is, don't wait until you get out of high school. Find some direction. Some of you are made for office work. Some are made for digging ditches. Some are you made for owning a business. But none of you are made for be lazy. [Applause] Just like that. So the thing with this is that uh and sisters don't fall for everybody and brothers don't fall for everybody. Make sure that you know the will of God and don't get in a hurry. Man, what's the difference if you're 22 or 23? I was 22. Still immature. Still immature. and and get your wife that can help you with spelling like mine. My goodness. In fact, he text me in there. I know he he text me one of them words. I had to go into room. What does this mean? Don't we love one another? Huh? Oh, the love of God. Yeah, I've never, you know, sure I enjoyed life before conversion. I mean, I I mean, I uh I wasn't crazy, but I, you know, I just I know what a conversion means. I know what transformation I know what transformation means. And uh I just uh I just want to see you all uh be successful physically and mentally and spiritually. I want to see that. I want whoever closes in prayer, we just pray together and join our hands together and uh and because it's really uh you're you young people, I know you hear it over and over. It's the hardest age it ever was compared to when I was young. That's true. That's true. You got a lot of things, but you got a lot more word. You got a lot more word than I had. And uh so the thing of it is uh uh a lot of things are real in life, you know. Uh you know uh don't I mean you you'll go through things. Uh you know I I I didn't I I don't need to share everything I went through but it it hasn't all been mountain top. But that's that's one question I have for you is like I mean you've been a Christian. What year did you become a Christian? I became a Christian in uh the end of 67. 67. So right around right in that area. Yeah. So you're you know you're over 60 years and Yeah. Well, but even today your spirit is so good. So your spirit is so good how you approach things. And you didn't start out knowing everything. No. So what got you through life was the spirit you took on your trials on your developments. You had changes you moved but your approach to everything had a certain spirit and that's one thing I I would enjoy if you would talk about just a minute on is the spirit to hold towards correction towards guidance towards leadership. I I think it's highly important, you know, but but coming from you, it's not something that's been forecast. I mean, you've lived it for 60 years to prove it's it's a good thing that you took. Something took you through every situation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know that uh like I like I said already uh that it hasn't all been mountaintop. And uh the thing of it is is that uh um you know I uh I don't like to get into these areas sort of because I don't want the devil always to listen to it. But uh the thing of it is is that uh my mom my mom was a nervous person and uh I suffered a bit with that at times and even more so at certain times and uh but that can be also drive you you know drive you to the good in some but also uh I found myself uh like like I I was just saying not too long ago to somebody if I would have quit because of all the wrong that I saw or got a bad spirit. I never incorporate cooporate that. But being I'm getting this question for brother by the way, I'll incorporate it. Uh all the negative stuff around this message and all the different things that happened if I would have taken that and let that get in my heart uh it would have sunk me. Uh it would have uh you know it it would be uh enough. But the thing of it is I believe the Holy Ghost himself, we got to take it back to the word. Greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. So what I would like to uh encourage you is that things are not always going to go your way. Not not everything is going to fit what you think should be. And uh you're going to butt up against people. You're going to you're going to butt up against people. And so in order to keep the right spirit uh you've heard me preach about divine love uh agape love. So, you know, feel your love, you can still have arguments, right? Feel your love, you can still have argument, disagreements, you can go, you know, but I found out that uh it hasn't always been easy. Like, uh, you know, uh, say for instance, you got somebody in your church, uh, you know, and you get pretty close to them and, uh, you go to their house and then they've been to your house. And I remember in years ago and uh my you know we were pretty close and uh I don't know for some reason and uh they went to Fosttory with me and uh and uh all of us son he just turned on me he just turned on me. Uh I don't know what I had done or I don't think I had done and uh so that really hurt. Uh but you know uh I guess I think it's the grace of God, brother Wayne, that I've been able to uh uh I say I but it's a God in me. Uh no man can do it, but it's a God in me that's helped me to overcome the hurts, you know, the hurts and the uh things, you know, being rejected. you know, I was I was I was told, you know, uh well, I don't I can't bring certain things out because it's it's by gone and it would help people. I know it would, but I it would be involving names and I don't I don't want to do that. I I just don't feel that would be right. And it would involve churches and but the thing of it is is that uh to maintain that spirit it uh I think I take it back I probably take it back to uh to who is this Melzdc in some ways that the spirit of the Lord in other words when he said I I I know I'm not quoting it right but when that immortal spirit comes into you tabernacles in you uh it can bring this flesh into subjection. It can bring our spirit realm and our flesh realm into subjection. How many believes that because it's the greater one. So the thing of it is none of us can be super spiritual because when we get hurt we get hurt. How many agree with that? I mean we really get hurt and it don't all heal at once sometime. It's not oh you know so what. But I find out what really helps people is you've got something bothering you between somebody, I'll tell you what your flesh immediately says, "No, I can't go. No, I can't face that person. I cannot face it." There's where you're missing the boat. Because if you will go brother to brother or sister to sister or vice versa, whatever. So the best thing when something is bothered, if my spirit is tore up, I haven't always done it. I'm not the author of of of perfectness, but when that when that your spirit gets tore up, you're going to live with that thing until you get that settled. You'd be surprised. You might go a week and it don't bother you. All of a sudden, it pops up in your mind again. So the minute there's something that happens between brother and brother or sister and sister or whatever in a church in with your pastor whatever so on with somebody don't let that thing fester get it settled because you'll both get deliverance even though the other one don't even know maybe what they did but as you talk you'll get deliverance you'll get you'll get victory. the the thing that's keeping you from it is your mind and your flesh. And and and they're both they both can be deceptive. So the tabernacle of God, the deity within us wants to have purity and have no disgruntles. It's very important. Very important. So I don't I can't explain how how how the Lord has kept my spirit because uh I know like I say I I I know Ruth come would come to me different times said well what about this Ray I mean look at the way way the way way they went and and they were supposed to be so you know and then and I just sometimes say well dear I don't I don't know I just let's just leave it let's just leave it you know but And it may not be, I'm not saying against us. It's just the way they're supposed to be real Christians and they lived contrary or they did something contrary to what they were saying to everybody else. Oh, you need to do this. You know, I just uh I learned a lot as a young Christian about legalism. Man, it's a killer. It's a real killer. Uh uh I've seen people just on the young ladies on the young girls the uh you know so much about how in the why in the world do you dress like that? Well I know I know we've all done it all. Instead of saying have you got the new birth dear? Yeah. That's what will change the dress. Once you get the tabernacle deity in you that's what's going to change your spirit, your nature. Your nature is your soul, right? So why are you wearing like this today? Why you got that makeup on you? It needs to be preached. I mean, we don't want to be Joel Ostein. But the thing of it is is that the thing what will produce the right thing is a new birth. There's what's missing. And so we we've taken some of this legalism and driving into, you know, why, you know, why you got this here? How far are we going to go? I mean, this might be a touchy point, but I mean, Brother Wayne, you probably wonder where I'm coming from now, but Brother Wayne loves it. Okay. Uh, Brother Venom blasted TVs, right? And none of us got TVs, so we all got internet and smartphones. Yeah. Yeah. So, what would he say if he was here? Real quiet. What would he say? There's more dangerous now. But if you got the Holy Ghost, that's right. Now, you got trouble with pornography, you shouldn't even have that stuff. But here's another thing. You can lock a person up in their closet and you'll still never be a Christian. Are you following me? Lock them up in their closet and you'll still never be a Christian. Without the new birth, there's no hope. A man actually can better himself a bit, but he'll come right back. and even worse as the Bible said. So, Brother Wayne, I don't I can't explain fully how the Lord has helped me to keep the right spirit. Um, I just I know it's the grace of God. It's not me. Uh, but you know, we I' I've battled I've battled with many things. I've battled with many things because of from 1967 on uh you know, seeing so much. seeing so much. Wouldn't you say that your success came from that you kept the right spirit in every avenue? Exactly. Exactly. No matter because you How many situations did you have that would have sunk you had you took the wrong spirit? Exactly. Yeah. It would have it would have it would have sunk me and that's why brother Wayne I would have liked to have shared some things that probably would have helped but it's it's it's it would bring it would have started bringing names and and and I I really can't do that uh because that's uh all past history under the blood of trust. But the the thing of it is is the the very thing that I was told uh I was asked about uh uh what if what if Ray you did s such and such a thing and uh to a certain church and the very thing and of course you know I I said no I don't I don't want that well the very thing that the the brother was asking me about is the very thing another man did to the church. So sometimes I want to include that too. I know it's getting very late but uh I can still go on if you can. Who's all working your mind? Lord have mercy. That's good. No. Uh oh Lord don't let me forget this. This was really something very important. I should I didn't say enough for somebody to remind me. Lord, bring it back because it's great. Oh, I can't think. Oh, sorry, Lord. I had something. But anyway, uh yeah. So, the thing of it is is that so then you just stand by and you say, "Well, you know, you don't pronounce judgment or you know, if you got that, then you got the wrong spirit." But uh you know, you'll have a you'll have some real warfare, some real warfare sometimes with situations. Uh but it's it's so important to uh keep that right spirit because you cannot you cannot change everything. You just have to figure that out. You cannot change everybody. You can't change people. God has to do that. And uh I just wish I could have remember because I was on to something really I really could have helped. But the thing of it is is that uh that I believe God has given me mercy uh you know like uh something would happen a situation you know and and uh I you know uh say for instance you know you get a little ruffle with somebody uh and then some and then they leave the church even and something like that and and then uh you hear they're sick and and uh I've had I've had this you and you go to the hospital and you're sick and then their their their their mother's there or their father's there and and uh there again I I I just don't do names but you know and uh my when we start praying for the for the individual that's sick and the presence of the Lord comes in the room and it just it starts melting starts melting spirits you know that are hurt and I'm not saying I as a pastor have always done everything right. But, you know, I'm not I mean, you know, so you know, it's just uh and and things have hurt, Brother Wayne. Uh you know, we'll find this out. Uh you know, I mean, everything go just like 100% and all of a sudden something hit the church. And what the thing of it is that's what hurts. Somebody come in the back room and and say to you, you know, Brother Wing, I just want to talk to you a minute. Uh, I just want to tell you we're going to be leaving the church. Oh, well, is this something I'd done or what? Well, well, no, no, just, you know, well, no, that hurts. And then what really hurts? Somebody leaves a church and don't even tell you. That really hurts, you know. And then, uh, so the thing of it is is that you're going to get hurt. You there's no there's no putting on you. I've been hurt. There's no putting on. Uh somebody come in the back. It's kind of funny this part. Somebody came, this is only a few years back, come in the back room and said, "Brother, uh uh we're sorry, but uh we feel to leave the church, you know, we uh" So I kind of asked him, "Well, where are you going?" He told me where we going. So we talked for quite a while. I hated it. I hated it. I hate to see the go good people and really good people. So the funny part of this. So uh it's time the time they they want to go. So I I'm I'm going to go over and hug the brother. Okay. I'm hugging the brother. So the sister's sitting right over here. Okay. So I'm hugging the brother. And so I got carried away and she stood up and I was going to hug her. No, it's not the millennium. That's not the, you know, he didn't say don't don't hug my wife now. You know what's helped me a little bit too? Sense of humor. You know what also helped me? I could have actually quit work before I did. And I don't recommend this for brother Wayne. I mean, he's been a he's been on the road and he's been, you know, and so I'm not I'm not saying this. But for me, uh that's another thing is in bound supply company, I was getting so worry and working 5 days a week. So I found a lot of grace. And uh and then I turned out I needed uh surgery and uh I was just beat. Uh it it affected me. Uh I was emotionally affected and physically affected. Uh I was waiting on the Lord to heal me. And nothing happened. And I felt, hey, you're a pastor. You're a believer. You're supposed to really believe. And the devil worked me over. And I really got worked over hard. But I finally had the surgery. And I think I probably took that out of context too a bit. Not not keeping it a balance. There's nothing wrong with having surgery. I had another one after that. But the thing of it is is that uh you know and I finally talked to brother Tom Brown, the owner of the business, and said, "Brother Tom, is there any way is there any any way I can work four days ago?" No. No. Well, I take that back after I had I had to be off six weeks work. Well, I already was in uh that's right. I was already in sales. So, I was coming out of physical into sales, but I was only part-time. Sometimes I had to drive truck, sometimes I work in the warehouse, sometimes I had to work on dishwasher, sometimes in sales. So, he kept me on hourly wage. So, after that surgery, uh then I asked Brother Tom, I said, you know, Tom, uh is there any way I can just work? I I can't remember all the sequence I worked four days a week and uh and uh you know because of all the strain and uh trying to pastor work and so uh he said well I don't think I don't think any I'll talk to my manager and so he gave me the liberty to go full-time sales and uh and work four days a week so that helped me a lot. I had that extra day. So yeah. So so I've seen uh and I I I don't like to share everything because of but I've seen some real bleak times a real bleak time and that don't always show. All it shows now is my uh you know my joking around and laughing but uh I haven't always laughed. I've been down some serious roads. Um one trial I went through about a year over a year uh just broken up. Just broken up. And uh I still had to work. I still had to preach, but I was I was broken broken up. And uh and I didn't know if I'd ever get through that valley, but the Lord brought me out. You got a question? So the Lord brought me out of that of of different circumstances that people don't even know about except I don't even know. Well, my family knew some of the things I went through. Uh so the thing of it is is that uh don't don't don't be afraid of opening up people about your situations. Uh you know when you need prayer, you need help, you need consultation. Uh dear God, I've sat on the end of the bed or the side of the bed. So, so wor depression didn't know if it was coming or going. But I had to pick up my feet. I had to keep going. I had to keep preaching. I had to keep working. God has always delivered me. He's always delivered me. So, this might help somebody. I don't like to get into all this rough stuff that I've been through because a lot of it's been hidden. But I'll tell you what, you get to the end of your line and all you can depend upon. I'll tell you who I could depend upon. I could depend upon my wife. I could depend upon my family. So, I know what it is where you just feel like you can't go another mile, but God can get you up. So, that might help somebody. I didn't really want to get into that, but uh you know, all of this, you know, you start running somebody down because they got anxiety and their depression, you're wrong. You know why you're doing that? Because you never been through it. It's real people. It's real. That's why we need to have compassion. And that's why I believe I can help people. It's just like I'm not saying in the capacity of Brother Van with the crosseyed children, but when I I can see certain things. Remember when brother Danny Steven was here and he shared his background going through a nervous time and and then wore out and remember he shared in church and it set somebody free. Yeah. I don't know brother wayne if you remember who that was don't make a difference but it set somebody free because of his testimony. Okay, I think it's late enough. Well, I just want to say, you know, you you've been a grandfather to me in the natural, but spiritually you've been a you've been my father in the gospel. We kind of introduced you like an Abraham because you're just like a patriarch to all of us. that we it just seems like two words that don't that aren't big enough, but we want to say thank you for your life and your ministry and your leadership. Um kind of like a patriarch would do to his children. Uh maybe we could just close and and uh I'd like to ask you to to pray a blessing prayer over our young people. Nathan, that uh I single you out a little bit too. Uh even when you even when you wrote me my last birthday card, the words you wrote, I still have it. You know, that's why I call somebody, write somebody, send them a card, give them a greeting, encourage people. I would have never been this far without my wife and my children and my grandchildren now and my great grandchildren. Can you imagine? Not that I'm deserving of it. But my but the inheritance spiritually that my children believe and grandchildren are leaving the great grands are going to come. What's heaven going to be like? And don't give up on nobody. We got to we got to quit because you guys got to get to work. I just I wonder if we just stand together. If I said anything, please forgive me. But I I just trusted him to be a blessing to you. Like I say, you know, I believe I still could have a few years. you know, uh, last blood test I had is I I I by his grace I got a tremendous report, tremendous report for my age, but I don't know. Neither do you. You can go before me. But the rapture could be tomorrow. Ain't that true? Lord Jesus, Father, we've sensed your presence here tonight. Lord, I look over these many young people and I see a great potential for them as individually and as the kingdom of God. And so, Father, as one of the elders, I pray a blessing over each one of them that each one of them will receive the Holy Ghost and fire in their very being and change their nature from what they were to what they should be in Christ Jesus. I pray you open the windows of heaven by revelation so that the gates of hell cannot prevail against them. And father, may it all not be by dos and don'ts, but by the grace of God. And Father, as the mechanics are preached with the dynamics added to it, Father, Father, we've got anointed ministry in our midst. Father, we got an anointed pastor. We've got anointed ministers. Father, may you use them in a special way. Father, not only in our own congregation, but throughout the birth of the world. Father, may you give health and strength to each one of these young people. Father, may you give them encouragement. Lord, may you give those that are sick, those that have a lingering sickness in their body. May you heal them. Father, those that have complexes, may you deliver them from every complex that's been placed upon them. Satan, take their hands off of God's property. They're sons and daughters of a living God. So, Father, I pronounce blessings and upon blessings upon blessings upon every son and daughter of God in this midst and those that could not be here. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may you guide them by their inner being, Father, and keep them all the days of their life in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen.
