################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-08 - 'Seizing Your Opportunity In His Presence' - Bro. Andrew Glover TWT Youth Camp 2025 Thurs, Aug. 7th - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-08
Title:   'Seizing Your Opportunity In His Presence' - Bro. Andrew Glover TWT Youth Camp 2025 Thurs, Aug. 7th
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Youth Camp
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuiPCbJLgIU
========================================

Look at somebody. Look at your neighbor's cards. Prayer card number four and number 19. All right. Just a moment. Wait. See, if I don't call him, then I get a rebound on that. You see what I say? What? Say &gt;&gt; you got four. What about no 19 yet? &gt;&gt; What? Say &gt;&gt; prayer card number four isn't in yet. Or 19. If somebody's got them cards, if you would come on in the line or look see if may has that little baby got a card. Check. It's not that that's not the number. Has this lady here got a card in this wheelchair? Check her number. Is that Is that her number? A lady on a cop? Huh? &gt;&gt; They got it. They It's all in now. Okay. All right. Now, now you people's got a prayer card. Hold them. We're going to minister by the grace of God. Now friends, this being the last night that we'll have tomorrow is Sunday afternoon, let's quieten ourselves. Now just take every unbelief you've got and every ever every unreasonable thought and lay it down on the floor and put your foot on it as it was. Say, "Lord Jesus, I'm going to believe you." &gt;&gt; How many will do that? Thank you. God bless you. Now don't go unle. Sit real still and believe. Watch this away. And now look the identification of God has always been knowing can foresee what has been and tell what has been. How's that? Or what will be? We know that. That's how the prophets was known. That's how Jesus was known as Messiah. And he's the same Messiah today as he was then only without a corporal body here on earth. He sent his spirit back to use your body, my body. Now you might not be able to do this. We know in the scripture there's one in a generation. But see, but yet you can believe it and you got other things that you can do. Everybody, what if my finger decides because it's not my eye, it ain't going to be my finger no more? What if this arm says I ain't going to raise up no more because if I'm not an eye or ear, I ain't going to be an arm. Why did it my body? You be what God put you to be? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many times have I admired or Roberts, Billy Graham, Tommy Osbor, some of those men walk in there and say, "Glory to God. Believe it." Bulldog faith. Walk away. Walk out there just as fresh as they can be. Billy Graham, stand with a message and speak to the people a few minutes. Say, make your decision. Come to the altar. Just stand there. Never make another move. He said, "So why you do that?" Billy said, "My message went forth. It come from God." That's right. &gt;&gt; He's That's Sodom Church just exactly what's supposed to be. His name ending with Ham from Abraham. Six letters. Abraham is seven. See the messenger of that church &gt;&gt; down there in Babylon. certainly is not a man the country got a hold on that message of repentance like Billy Graham. He stands there, walks away from there and go eat a T-bone steak and go to bed, drink a mold of milk, it's all right when you have to stand and fight devils. One time on Long Beach, Brother Jack and I, your father was standing there. There stood Mr. Fuller, Charles Fuller, fine brother, stand there preaching about two or three thousand people in there that afternoon. We sat and listened at his meeting. And I had the auditorium rented after him and he stood there and made a fine talk and said, "Anybody here wanted to accept Christ?" Two or three people come down for dedication of their babies. One woman said she wanted to accept it. Come up and offer a little prayer. One of the deacons went back and sat down, shook hands, turned around, walked out. There was his intellectual fine dressed group of people walking out. Here come mine in straight jackets, wheelchairs, blind, lame halt. when your faith faces something like that. Now here, what have I claimed Christ to be and now unbelievers sitting around wanting to find one flaw? &gt;&gt; Just trying to find one flaw. I remember you're not long ago in Toronto. We're standing there preaching, praying for the sick. I kept feeling an odd spirit. He's sitting over to my left. I kept watching it. There's a man sitting there, a bunch of hardy coming in there to hypnotize me. He'd go around to army camps and make soldiers get on their uh hands and bark like dogs and things. Hypnotism. I felt that evil spirit. I didn't know where it was coming from. I kept watching. I seen that dark shadow. I waited just a few minutes. I said, "You child of Satan. Why is the devil blinded your mind to something like that?" Because you come to take over God, challenge God's spirit. They'll pack you out of here. He paralyzed right there in his seat and still paralyzed. We don't play church. How many's been in meetings and see similar things happen? You know, things that takes place. Sure. &gt;&gt; That's right. Remember the Reverend &gt;&gt; Now, here's I suppose the first person. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Now, see, I preach told you exactly what was supposed to happen in this day. Now, that is a sign if it happens. That's what the sign was. then believe the voice that follows the sign. &gt;&gt; Now, here's a woman exactly to you newcomers. This is St. John 4 where our Lord Jesus met a woman at the well. They've never met before in life. And he told the woman what her trouble was and she recognized that that was the Messiah. You know the story. &gt;&gt; Here it is again. A man and woman meets. Now, she's not the woman. I'm not that man. But that's still the same God. &gt;&gt; Now, Jesus said, "The works that I do shall you do also." St. John 14:12. &gt;&gt; Now, lady, not knowing you, I have no idea what you're standing there for. It might be domestic trouble. It might be for somebody else. Maybe you're sick. Maybe it's maybe you're standing there just putting on something. If it is, just find out what happens. Maybe you're impersonating something. Whatever it is, I don't You may be a genuine believer that I don't know, but God does. But you'll know whether he told you the truth or not, won't you? If it's the truth, you'll know it. Now, see, that's what your faith has got to. How would you like to come here? Now, if anybody believes it's wrong, you come here and take this patient. Come here, take the rest of them. &gt;&gt; Then, if you won't do it, &gt;&gt; then don't condemn me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Now look here, sister. Just a minute. Now I have no idea nothing about you. You're just a woman standing there. Now if the Lord Jesus Christ, the son of God, who I have proven by the Bible, promised that he would return in the last days and reveal himself in the fullness of his spirit. Just like the church coming up like it comes from a human being all the way from the feet comes up the thighs up to the head. In the head is the head of the body. And the body's come up ever since the first church. come right on up in this in the reformations has come up to now it's come through justification sanctification baptism of the Holy Ghost now is the head Christ coming to the body &gt;&gt; the body of Christ he's the one who knows my hand don't know to act just by my hand but he is the one who knows that's reason he is the word I'm not the word I'm a man but you see he uses this body because he died to sanctify this body that he might use it and give a gift just like pulling it out of gear Then the Holy Spirit takes over. Then if he will describe or tell you what you've done, what you're here for, or something about you, you'll believe it. And the audience will believe the same. &gt;&gt; May the Lord God grant it. I take every spirit in here under my control for the glory of God. But sit still. &gt;&gt; Don't move around. Look here just a moment. Look on me as Peter and John said, "Pass through the gate." In other words, just pay attention to what I'm saying. See, Jesus asked the woman a few questions. Bring me a drink. See, I've been preaching. Same thing. The father sent me up here to to Baton Rouge. I'm here. Father said he had need to go by Samaria. He sat there. A woman was the first one come up to him. He done that one sign on that woman and the whole city repented. What a difference. You think of you do the same thing tonight. You think all Baton Rouge would repent? I doubt that. Aren't you true? I certainly do. But we're in the last days when evil is more evil than ever was known. Now, your conditions, you're here to be prayed for. Exactly. Right. And you're suffering with a throat condition. That's right. Raise up your hand. Not only that, but there's somebody that you're praying for. It's a child, and that child has a throat condition. And it is the condition of the child's throat is gross in the throat. You believe that God will heal him too. &gt;&gt; That handkerchief that's in your hand that you've raised up to God as a witness. Don't doubt it now. Go and lay the handkerchief on the child. &gt;&gt; Don't doubt with all your heart. God will heal both of you. Make &gt;&gt; Can you do that? May you go and the Lord be with you. &gt;&gt; How do you do? We are strangers too. &gt;&gt; Do you believe? &gt;&gt; That's the sign. &gt;&gt; Now the voice is returned to the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't know you. He does. If he'll tell me something about you, then you'll believe that word that I said will be vindicated. That's the That's a vindication of it. I said he'd done it. That's prophesying. Now, if the prophecy comes to pass then he said you're you got an extreme nervous condition that you're suffering with nervousness and you've got a tumor and the tumor is on your leg. It's right, isn't it? How do you believe? Then go on your road and believe and as you have believe, so will it be on your How do you do? I do not know you. But God does know you. Do you believe that God can tell me your troubles? Look on me. You have troubles, but you're really standing here for [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find. There is none like you. There is none. There is none. No one else. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find like you sing. I worship you. I worship you mighty God. There is none like you. [Music] Oh, I worship you. Oh, that is what I want. Oh, I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you almighty. Hallelujah. There is none [Music] like you. Let's stand this evening. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingdom come. Let it live in me. This is my pray. This is my plea. Let the worshipers arise. Oh, let the sons in the dark see. I'm surrendering my surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your name as it s [Music] awakening. Oh, from our hearts there comes an end. This is our song. Don't be walking. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sun. Yes, Lord. I'm surrendering. I'm surrendering my own. My all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see a bright rejoicing in a song of vtory. Every chain, every chain of death we have been. Your kingom is defeated. Oh, let our worship bring praise to our Lord. Glory to our King. Let the worshipers around. Oh yes, I'm surrendering. Oh, I'm surrendering. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Sing it again. Let the worippers. Let the worippers arise. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] God bless you tonight. God bless you tonight. Amen. We want to welcome you to the fifth annual True Word Youth Camp. Uh how many are here for the first time? Uh we're so happy to have you. Uh just uh just another wonderful turnout, wonderful support that we've had. Uh last I counted we had 66 or more churches represented here. So we're just thankful for the fellowship. We appreciate the trust that has been given by families and churches and pastors uh to send you here. We want to take good care of you while you're here. Amen. And uh we we just want to we want to be a blessing to you. Uh we're here to try to keep the revival fires burning &gt;&gt; in another generation of young message believers. Brother Bram said that every fresh and true revival is uh when men get back to the word for their day. &gt;&gt; Amen. So certainly our vision uh tonight, what we want to point you to uh as a new generation of believers uh is not to uh it's not to any church. It's not to any ministry. &gt;&gt; It's not to any personality, any gift. We want to point you to the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. to us. It's not a dead letter. It is the quickened, revealed Lord Jesus Christ. It's the light. Amen. It's the same pillar of fire that led God's children from the beginning. And uh so we want to lift it high. That's uh that's just our vision. That's our goal is to is to point young people to the message of the hour. Unadulterated, pure, lifted up high. Amen. and uh and make sure that that we're connecting our young people not to not to uh not to a ministry, not to a church, not even to ours. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because those things will fail, but to but to uh put you on a foundation &gt;&gt; of the revealed word of God. So, we want to see our young people connected to the source. &gt;&gt; Connected to the source. I'll tell you what, if you leave this place, if you don't dance a step, if you never shout a lick, &gt;&gt; if you don't feel a thing, but if you go home from this camp meeting and you begin to form a relationship with the message of the hour, you begin to play it in your home, you begin to put uh study it. Amen. Then uh we'll we'll we'll be grateful. Amen. We it'll be mission accomplished. But you know, there's something that Brother Bram said. He said, "The angel of the Lord accompanies the message always." &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we're just in expectation tonight. We're not here for a dry-eyed lecture. We're not here for a ritualistic gathering. But I believe as the message of the hour is preached with liberty and with with balance. Amen. And with purity. Amen. That we will see a supernatural God doing supernatural works. Amen. Uh because you know this word is Christ. It's who he is. Brother Brandham said, "How could you stand in the wind and not feel it blowing against you? How could you get in the water and not get wet?" Amen. He said, "Wind is windy, water's wet, and God is supernatural." Amen. So, how many would like to see a supernatural God come down and do supernatural things? Amen. For our young people, we're expecting that. I I expect liberated worship. I expect the miraculous. I expect healing. I expect salvation. I expect deliverance. I expect the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I expect people, amen, that have come one way will leave altogether different. Amen. change forever in the presence of God. That's the what we're expecting tonight. Amen. That's that's why we have gathered. You know, there's uh as we've said, there's a cost that comes with fellowship. When we come together for a big meeting like this, you know, somebody will sing a song maybe that you don't like or the preacher might preach something a little different than what you've heard or a situation may not be handled the way that you would have handled it. And those kind of things happen, but that's the cost of fellowship. Amen. But if we could look over that and one young heart could be changed, one young life could be touched, wouldn't it be worth it? Amen. How many willing to just bind our hearts together, say, "Lord, may you come and do things of eternal value this weekend?" How many have a need in your life? Amen. Amen. Well, uh, how many know God is able &gt;&gt; to meet that need to speak a word directly to you by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit? We sure appreciate our ministry, Brother Andrew Glover, Brother Josh Bennett for being with us again. We're just looking forward to great things in the presence of God. Amen. One mind. Can we get in one mind, &gt;&gt; one accord? &gt;&gt; Say, "Lord, may you move. May you have your way." Amen. Well, then turn to your neighbor and greet somebody and say, "It's camp meeting time. Let's have church tonight." Amen. [Music] We're just going to open in a word of prayer and move forward with the worship. Lord Jesus, Lord, we've gathered together, Lord, to come from all different walks of life, many different places, Lord, but our desire tonight is to make you the preeminent one in this place. Lift you higher, Lord. so high, Lord, that we would fade into the background, fade into oneness with you, Lord. Our our hearts are one, Lord, with a desire to see you come and touch lives, change lives, Lord, minister to hearts. So, Lord, uh we we were in one accord, Father, as your children were in that upper room, Lord. And I'll pray as your prophet prayed, Lord, that you would send the Holy Ghost down into this meeting, Father, like that rushing mighty wind. But as he prayed, Lord, may it not not so much shake the building, but may you shake our hearts. And Lord, just shake us, Lord, out of the dullness, Lord, of of our coldness and our lukewarmness, Father. Lord, shake out every formal spirit, Lord. Every veil of tradition, Lord, that would keep us from a real experience in your presence. And and Father, may you just come and have your way in this meeting. I pray that each of us, Lord, would just be anointed in our own position, Father. That Lord, you would take every instrument in your hands, Lord, and work it together, Lord, to play out the great symphony. Put us in harmony, Lord, of spirit, Lord. put us in in a Christian fellowship and oneness with one another, Lord, that we could just be out of your way. That's the desire, Lord, of of of the ministry, of the laborers, Lord, of the campers, Lord, of everyone that's gathered here, Lord. Let there be nothing in me. Let there be nothing in these people, Father, that would hinder you. But may you clear every channel, Lord. Let let the life Lord which lays in this word Lord which you have swed into this age let it come down the channel and bring life into us. May you manifest yourself amongst us this weekend. We give you liberty to move Lord. We're looking for your leadership Lord. Our programs Lord are not a form Lord but we are subject to you Lord and your inspiration and we just ask that you would come Lord and be our Lord and be the preeminent one amongst us. May you get the glory in every word and deed, Father. And may Lord, you you bring a mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit onto this young generation and equip them, Father, for the battles ahead, Lord, because we know that soon and very soon, Lord. We are coming to the change, the quickening of these mortal bodies. We ask, Father, you would fill the place, Lord. Fill this house. Fill each vessel, Lord. Fill each heart with your spirit, Lord, and and move in a mighty way amongst us. We love you, Lord. We're here to worship you. We're here to give you preeminence, Lord, and yield to the moving of your Holy Spirit. Come, Lord. We not only welcome you, invite you, Lord, but we want to make you welcome in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Wow, that was a lot of first- timers tonight. &gt;&gt; I got something for you. You're in for the best weekend of your life. &gt;&gt; You don't believe it? I'm serious. This is the best life-changing weekend you're going to experience in your life. How many is expecting since Jesus came into my heart? Key of G. Hallelujah. Shake one of those hands tonight. Greet those around you. Be free in the Lord tonight. Glory. Glory. Amen. What a wonderful change in my life has been brought since Jesus came into my heart. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. your soul. I will see your Jesus. I can see from my wondering me since Jesus came into my heart. All my sins were many. Heat. Heat. Oh my soul Jesus came into my heart. There's a light in the valley now. Jesus came into my heart. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart, Heat. Heat. Jesus [Applause] Jesus in my life Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Oh, sing it for us, brother Tim. Hallelujah. Glory to God. [Music] [Music] Well, this is y'all's fault. He said if there wasn't enough special tonight, he was calling me. So maybe y'all learn y'all's lesson special tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; Just sing, brother. Sing this. We going to sing. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now listen to me, devil. Tell you what I'm going to do. You've walked on me long enough. Now I'm going to walk on you. You said I'll never make it. You said don't even try. But I'm going to live for Jesus till the day that I die. I'm so tired of you. I want to forever be out of you. Children, you threw their hand in the fire. But they came out of winter. You came out alive. We're so tired of you. I don't want to live my head forever. Stop singing. So we got a right to praise. We got to sing you. We're so tired of you. We're going to lift our hands for heaven. Start singing a victory song. Victory is victory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Well, this morning without even a warning said why don't you just win compromise. I said listen here you devil with you I'm going to live I can't wait my eyes are on the prize for I made my decision to vision of my heavenly bride in the sky so satan get behind me so one day you won't find me for the victory it's already mine Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Sister K is going to sing for us and then we ask Sister Destiny to come just after her tonight and she'd be making her way onto the platform. [Music] I've tried so hard to see it. Took me so long to believe it. And you choose someone like me to carry your victory. [Music] Perfection could never earn it. You take what we don't deserve. And you take the broken things and raise them to gloryy. You are my champion. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you won. [Music] I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I am seated in a heavenly place undefeated with the one who has conquered it all. Now I can finally see it. You're teaching me how to receive it and let all the striving seas. This is my victory. You are my champion. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I am seated in a heavenly place undefeated with the one who has conquered it all. When I lift my voice and shout, every wall comes crashing down. I have the authority Jesus has given me. When I open up my mouth, mirales start breaking out. I have the authority Jesus has given me. My voice crashing down. I have the authority. Everyone crashing down. I have the glory Jesus has given me. You are my champion. Giants falling. You stand undefeated. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I am seated in a heavenly place undefeated [Music] with the one who has it all. You are my champion. Giants falling. You stand undefeated. Every battle you want. I am who you say I am. You me with confidence. I am seated in a heavenly place undefeated [Music] with the one who has conquered it all. with the one who has conquered it all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you, sister. &gt;&gt; Before we proceed into camp, all the special singers sing out here. All right. We're going to have some good songs, but we want to be able to see you good. So please if all the special singers just come up here and then we'll all be clear and when you are summoned you come within five seconds I am not known for my patience. No, no, but just so you know the order, you know, if you So, you know, now, okay, I'm not going to sing two or three choruses in between all the songs, you know. So, that's fine. Sorry, sister. You're relaxed, aren't you? All right. She's going to sing If I Shout tonight. Go ahead, sing it out. &gt;&gt; Thank you. for anyone who's ever seen a mountain of their sins just disappear. [Music] For anyone who's ever felt the hand of heaven reach down through their fears and dry their tears. Oh, for any life once empty now finds yourself alive and full of songs, victory songs. Oh, then you'll understand the reason for the way the saints of God. [Music] Oh, so I shout. Oh, I'm shouting from a heart that washed my run. No, I'm running from a past that he redeemed to the world it might look crazy. There's just no tell what you're going to do in that moment. Jesus gives a hold of you. This one's for anyone who knows the hope. They'll keep moving on through their trouble days. [Music] Oh, this one's for anyone who knows they've got a future and hope beyond their grave. Yes. Oh, where's a different story? How brought us out of darkness into light. There's no way to keep me silent. Another chance I'm shouting from a heart that's been washing. If I run from a past that he redeemed to the world I must go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do in that moment. Jesus get you. This one's for anyone who knows the hope that keeps on moving on through days. Oh, for anyone who knows they got a future on the grave. Yes. Oh, every life's a different story. How he brought a sound of darkness into keep silent. Every chance to testify testify. Oh, I'm shouting from a heart that's been washed in. I run. No, I'm running from a past redeemed to the world in my go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. Oh my eras my name changes. Oh my race my name you Jesus testify. Come on and testify. If I shout, no I'm shouting from a heart that washed. If I run, no, I'm running from a past to be redeemed to the world. I might go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gives a hold of you. Oh, to the world. We might look crazy, but there's just no telling what you're going to do. Oh, in that moment Jesus gets a hold of you. How many can testify of that? How many witnesses do we have in the building tonight that have been touched by the fire of God? Amen. How many can testify here tonight that there's no telling what you might do? Amen. In the presence of God. That's one place we all want to be tonight. Amen. Amen. Want to say God bless you all tonight. It is a real honor to be here at the TWWT camp once again. How many's here under great expectation? &gt;&gt; Amen. We know that. Amen. I was just sitting there in the room today and pulled up on the campground and it's almost like you read the prophet of God when he talks about Jesus riding into town. He said there was so much expectation you could feel it in the air. And I tell you, if you step outside, you can feel it outside, but you can feel it inside tonight. Amen. To know that he's here. And he's here to do exactly what his word said he would do. Amen. Maybe before we open the word tonight on this first night, we could just approach him in prayer. And I know it's the uh first night of the camp, but it's not the uh first time we've ever been in his presence tonight. Let's just approach him. And maybe you have a a need upon your heart tonight, something you're desiring from the Lord. You want to put it before him tonight. Let's just talk to him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this weekend, Lord, many have come from different places, Lord, as the Bible says from the east, from the west, from the north, from the south. But Lord, there's one thing that's drawn us here together. Lord, it's not a personality. It's not a idea, but Lord, it's the attraction of the hour. Father, your word said where the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered together. And Lord, as I look across this building tonight, there's Lord hundreds of eagles gathered here tonight, Lord, as your prophet called them hungryhearted eagles. Father, Lord, we're not gathering here out of former fashion, but Lord, we're here desiring another Emus road walk with you, Lord. Father, that we would leave these meetings closer to you. As I heard our brother Nathan saying, Lord, that Father, we would leave here with a greater love for the message of the hour, a relationship with the person of this word. Now, Father, as we come tonight, we're asking you, may you drive out every spirit that's unlike the Holy Spirit. Lord, we don't know what these grounds have been used for, what ideas have been in this building since the last time we were here, but Lord, tonight we're asking you to consecrate this place, Lord. Father, may you sanctify it with your presence, dear God. And Lord, may you drive out every tormenting spirit that would try to hinder the the liberty of your word. Father, you see those that are in this building tonight. Lord, maybe some sick in their body. I pray tonight that divine healing would flow through that sick body, oh God. Lord, for some that may be bound here tonight, may deliverance come, Father. Lord, I pray that every believer that's gathered here with a desire upon their heart, Lord. Father, may this be the night that it would turn from a desire to a reality, oh God. Lord, may you open the windows of heaven, Lord, and fill this place this weekend with your glory. Father, we pray you forgive us of our failures. Forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord. Father, as we're turning now to your word. We know that you sent your word and your word healed the children. Now, Father, we commit this meeting this weekend, every aspect of it, Lord, into thy faithful hands. Come among us, Lord. We welcome you, Father. Lord, we don't just want to invite you here, dear God. We don't want you to just come and sit in the corner, Lord, but Father, we welcome you. We take all the restraints off, Lord. Father, see fit to move as you see. Lord, we love you tonight, God. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. And all the believers says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. God richly bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles while you're standing with us, we'll invite you in your scripture to the book of St. John the 18th chapter. And while you're turning there tonight, we want to thank brother Wayne and brother Ray and the the team here, Brother Nathan, Brother Ronnie, and all the workers here for this camp and the opportunity to be here once again. And amen, we just come here under great expectation of him. Amen. We just want tonight to look into the word in St. John chapter 18 and verse number 37. The Bible here says, "Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then?" And Jesus answered, "Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice." Now Pilate saith unto him, "What is truth?" And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all. Look at verse 39. But ye have a custom that I should release unto you one at the Passover. Will you therefore that I release unto you the king of the Jews? Now, I want you to notice how powerful their custom was. That they literally held on to their custom more than they did the word that was standing in front of them. For they had a custom. But notice verse 40. Then cried they all again, saying, "Not this man, but Barabbus." Now Barabbus was a robber. When Brother Brham reads that, he said, "No, they turned down Christ the anointed word." Amen. We ask Lord this evening to have the blessing to read of his word. As you can be seated here this afternoon, I I want you by the help of the Lord tonight if I would if I would take a title to speak to you tonight. I want to speak to you on this on this opening night of this youth camp. I want to talk to you about seizing your opportunity in his presence. Seizing your opportunity in his presence. In the book of Galatians chapter 6 and verse 10, Paul there writing, he said, "As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith." Now, uh when you look there at that word opportunity in the Greek, it means a measure of time. It is a larger or smaller portion of time. It is a fixed and definite time. I like this. It's the right time. Amen. Amen. It's the time when things are brought to crisis. It is the decisive Amen. epic waited for moment. So when something is an opportunity, amen. It's not an accident. It's not a it's not a happen stance, but it is a as an ordained moment of almighty God. And the prophet of God would say now in this hour this great crisis is on. We know that this nation is shaken. Not only the nation, but the world is shaken. It's at the end time. There's not another thing I know to happen, but the rapture, the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, it's already. See, and we see these gatherings. Oh, he said, "Get every benefit of this convention coming up. Get everything out of it that you can." Amen. That's of God. Here's a here's a prophet telling you, Amen. Don't waste a moment of this meeting. Now, I know this might have been a convention years ago, but I want to bring it right here tonight and say, Amen. Get everything out of this meeting that you can. If you haven't got the Holy Ghost, just put it in your mind that you're not going to leave here until you get it. Amen. That's the way to do it. Stay there cuz this might be your last opportunity. Amen. I want to say tonight that we are not here, amen, to bring the theology of the Bible among the people. We're not here, amen, to bring an idea or to bring a custom or to bring a tradition, but rather we're here to bring the living Christ among the people. And the prophet of God said, you know, there's something about spiritfilled people, amen, that recognizes the presence of God. He said, I don't know why it is, but it must be that they got something in them, amen, that magnetizes them to the spirit of God. Amen. When something of the spirit of God begins to move in your heart, There's something on the inside of you that's magnetized, amen, to the spirit of God that's moving. I want to say this tonight. I don't believe that you're just people, amen, of another camp opportunity or a natural opportunity. But rather, I believe we are the people of a divine opportunity. I think of the prophet of God would say we have opportunities, amen, that other ages have dreamed of having. Now, I want to ask you some questions here tonight. Amen. What have you done with your opportunities? Amen. What have you done, Amen, with your opportunities? What are you doing? Amen. With your opportunity now, Amen. And what will you do with your opportunity in the future? Amen. See, there's been opportunities in the past. Amen. There's opportunities in the present. Amen. And there's opportunities in the future. Brother said, "Oh, Christian, what an opportunity that we have. We have opportunities that St. Paul never dreamed of having that Enoch and Elijah. Amen. All them never had the opportunities. Amen. That we have now. See? Amen. Another place. What a time. Oh, my heart leaps for joy when I think of the opportunity that is placed right before us now. He said, "The greatest opportunity that ever laid before any human being was to stand in the presence of Jesus Christ." another place somehow or another. It has always thrown a great effect upon people to come into the presence of God. See, there is something about coming into the presence of God. Amen. It causes things to happen. I love that. There's something about coming into the presence of God. It causes things to happen. Amen. A preacher can't cause things to happen. As good as the music is, it can't cause things to happen. But there's something about coming in the presence of God. Amen. He said it'll give faith for blinded eyes to see. It'll give faith for deaf ears to hear. It'll give faith for the cripples to walk. It'll give faith. Amen. For the dead to raise. Amen. I say this. This is not the time to pull back. Amen. From the opportunity that God has given you as a young person in the age you're living in. This is the opportunity. Amen. To draw your sword. Amen. and fight back against every devil. Fight back against every unbelieving spirit. Amen. If you could hear the voice of the Lord tonight, he would be screaming to you, "Now is your time to fight." You say, "Well, I'll fight in the millennium." There's no time to fight in the millennium. Amen. Now is the time to fight. But said, "In the millennium," he'll say, "Amen. Enter into the joys of the Lord. You fought a good fight." He said, "So, while we're here and we got this opportunity, amen, let's make it a good fight." Amen. A real fight. How many wants to join with me tonight and say, "While I'm here at TWWT, I'm going to make this a good fight." Amen. I'm going to fight back against spirits. I'm going to fight back against the devil. Amen. The enemy is fighting. Amen. The enemy is pressing. The enemy is trying to throw blockades. Amen. I think it's time we give the enemy a punch back. I say this, the prophet of God said the devil's fighting cuz it's his last opportunity. He said, "See, Satan is making his last punch at the church. He will never be able to do it after this age." Hey, that's the reason the devil's fighting you is he will never be able to fight you again. Amen. After this age. Hey, but I want to tell that devil, I didn't come from time, so I'm not going back to time, but I come from eternity. And when there is no more devil, when there is no more sin, when there is no more unbelief, when there is no more confusion, when there is no more habits, when there is no more complexes, I still will be. Amen. So, while I'm here, I'm going to seize this opportunity and give the devil a punch like he's never had before. You say, "It's a battle." You're exactly right. Amen. But God gives us battles. Brother Re said, "Because battles are opportunities for victories." Amen. Battles are opportunities for victories. You say, "I'm in a battle tonight." Well, you're in an opportunity for victory. Amen. If you're sick, you're in opportunity for healing. If you're empty, you're in an opportunity to receive a feeling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. This is our time. This is our season. I think of how there in St. John chapter 18, what we're really reading about is about Pilate. Amen. Being in the presence of God. Amen. Even though he didn't recognize it, it did not change the fact he was in the presence of God. And you know what I find amazing is he's in the presence of God and he becomes an instrument in the hands of the devil and he begins to ask the devil's famous question. Amen. What is truth? Amen. I want to I want to start this meeting off tonight by saying, Amen. We did not gather up here, Amen. to ask what is truth? Amen. We didn't gather here to find out what is true. Amen. We gathered here with the answer to the devil's question. We have the truth. And contrary to what some may believe, the message is the truth. It's the truth on the mountain. It's the truth in the valley. It's the truth in the young people. It's the truth in the old. It's the truth in the preacher. It's the truth in the musician. This message is not, Amen, some man's idea. This message is thus sayeth the Lord. The world has been looking for truth. But praise God tonight. We're not looking for truth. We're looking at truth. What is truth? I know what truth is. It's the message of the hour. And the message of the hour is not a book. It's not a picture. It's not a tape. The message of the hour is Christ. Brother said, "The message of the hour is simply God's promise for the present hour according to the scripture." My the message of the hour is God's promise according to the scripture for the present hour. I want to say to you tonight, young people, amen, the message of the hour has brought opportunities to you. It has brought opportunities to this generation. Amen. That nothing else could bring. You say, "What are you talking about?" What about the opportunity for a rapture? What about the opportunity to change your body? What about the opportunity to live so close to the devil to God rather than the devil know what to do with you? What about the opportunity not just to be church members, but to be an invincible army? Amen. What about the opportunity that a prophet would speak over you and say, "You're no match for the devil." Amen. Because there's something on the inside of you. Amen. I want to tell the devil, God is not sending a message. God has already sent a message. And the message is Christ. I want to tell the devil, if God sends a message, he's got someone that's going to believe it. Amen. If God reveals himself, he's got somebody that's going to believe it. He said, "Now we are ready for a battle." Amen. The trumpet is to sound. The hymns have been sang. Now comes the word. He said, "To hear these young soldiers." He said, "Myself getting old, I listen around and your faith and confidence and what you placed in to believe the message that I have been given of God." He said, "Now, if it wasn't for you all, the message would do no good." See, there's got to be somebody to believe it. And as long as it's coming from God, as long as it's coming from God, there is going to be somebody believe it. God has made a way. Hey, he has a fixed his great economy like that that when he sends for something, there is something there to meet that something. Listen, if God sends something, he's not hoping something will be there to accept what he sends. Listen, if he's going to go by the whale, he knows the woman's going to be there. If he's going to go by the Glory to God, if he's going to go by Gyrus's house, he knows the girl's going to live again. If he's going to come by this camp, he knows the potentials of the Holy Ghost is already on the inside of you. Listen, God has already set it up. He has already fixed it. That when he sends it, there's somebody in position to receive it, to accept it, and to believe it. Yes, sir. What is an opportunity? Amen. An opportunity is a set of circumstances that makes it possible to do something. It is a chance for success or advancement occurs. So when there's an opportunity, amen, there's a set of circumstances that have been fixed to make it possible to do something in order to bring success and advancement. I want to say this tonight, the bride of Christ is not going backwards &gt;&gt; and we are not retreating. Amen. I want to say this. We are advancing. We are not going back and we are not going down. We are going forward and we're going upward. Brother said, "See, God's church moves onward and God's church moves upward." Amen. I want to say what a prophet said. We're living in the advancement of the gospel. He said, "The thing is today the church grain don't want to mature. It wants to stay like it was back in Moody's time or back in Sanki or Finny or Knox or Calvin." He said, "They were all right. They were the light of the hour, but this is another hour. This is another day. Can we call it what a prophet called it? A bright age in a bright light in the middle of bright time. This is another hour, folks. This is another day. Young people, if you could catch us tonight, you could whip every devil in front of you. You don't need a feeling. You don't need a gift. You don't need a sensation. You don't need an emotion. You need a revelation of the evening light to stop your heart. And it'll ignite a fire on the inside of you. And you'll give the devil the greatest punch he's ever seen. This is another day. This is another hour. This is the advancement of the gospel. He said it's coming to its maturity. Amen. So, we cannot live in what Luther said or what Wesley said or the rest of them. We're living in the light that is predicted for this day. We're in the seven church age, not the third or the fourth church age. He said the grain should be able to receive it. Can I tell you what you are? You're not stalk. You're not husk. You're grain. And the grain should be able to receive the message declaring the presence of God. If it doesn't, then it falls off and it means nothing to it. He said the grain is matured with the light if it goes ahead with the light. In 1 John 1:7, if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his son, amen, cleanseth us from all sin. I love that word walk. It means to progress. It means to make do use of opportunities. So when one is walking in the light, they are making use of opportunities that the light is presenting them while they're walking in it. He said, "Now, a man walks in darkness, he don't know where he's going. He can't see where he's going. But a man that's walking in the light, he knows where he's going." Listen, young people, we're past the days of guessing our future and need a man to tell us our future. We are standing on the revelation of the light of God in this hour. We know what our future is. We know where we come from. We know where we're standing. And praise God, we know where we're going. And there ain't a devil in hell that can change the revelation that God is anchored in our souls. He said, "Listen, a man walking in darkness, he don't know where he's going, but a man walking in light, he knows where he's going." I heard brother M say this this today and I about shouted. He said, "You might have a lot of stumbles, but we're homeward or homerred bound." That's one thing for sure. You might have a lot of stumbles. Listen, just because you stumble don't mean you're not walking in the light. Just because you stumble don't mean you're not walking in the light. You can be walking in the light and still stumble, but the stumble don't change the revelation that's in your soul. I know where I come from, brother Josh. I come from God and I'm going back to God. It's settled in heaven and it's settled in my soul. [Applause] You may have some stumbles, but you're still progressing. Listen what Paul said. He said, "Redeem the time because the days are evil." Amen. Don't waste time when you stumble. Get up. &gt;&gt; Don't lay down and quit when you stumble. Get up. Redeem the time. You know what that word redeem the time means? It means to buy up every and each opportunity. I love that word time. It means the supreme moment. I know &gt;&gt; it means the golden opportunity. In other words, Paul is saying redeem our golden opportunity in the presence of God himself. Let me say this. Amen. Death is not your opportunity to change. But in his presence while you're living is your opportunity to change. He said, "Don't you never die here where your opportunity was placed before you to go into his presence then to try to accept it. It's made for now. Right now, you must accept it." He said, "When we come into his presence, we're changed never to be the same." You say, "Well, the changed life is just for the ministers." He said, "Oh, no. The changed life is for everybody." Hallelujah. That's why Paul would say, "Amen. Now is the accepted time. Behold, now is the day of salvation." He said, "This is our visitation time." Don't you wait till some region yonder in the damned, in that dimension where you cannot go in the presence of God, and your time is upon earth, in the nightmare of horror. You will remember you had your opportunity, and you turned it away. He said, "Now, let the young people take notice. Let all take notice." Amen. So, don't wait till you're in the presence of God. Amen. And there's no room for repentance. There's no room for change. There's no room to open up your heart and let the Holy Ghost wash you by his blood. Amen. But now is the time. Amen. Now is the fixed time. Amen. Now is the right time. Amen. Now is the time to break out of the custom. Amen. Now is the time to break out of the tradition. Now is the time, amen, to break out of the feelings and break out of the ideas and break out of the complexes. Now is the time, amen, to step over into the presence of God where there's a possibility for a change. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our opening scripture, what you see there is Jesus, amen, standing in Pilot's Hall and he's standing there on trial. Brother Ben picks this up and he says, "I'm holding my point or I'm making my point here and saying that we are standing today in another Pilot's judgment hall." You say, "Well, if I would have stood there, I would have spoke out for Jesus Christ." Well, what are you doing about it now? He said, "See, that's the thing. No matter how much the church had turned him down, oh, Brother Brandon, I would have stood by his side. You got the opportunity now. You know what the prophet said? He said, "The opposition is greater today to stand than it was then." Come on, young people. The opposition is greater today. Amen. To stand, Amen. than it was then. Amen. Then they were standing for the word a flesh in a corporal body. Hey, but today we're standing upon the testimony that the word has returned to the church under the anointing of the voice of the seventh angel. And what he said is thus sayaith the Lord and what he taught is truth. And what we believe is the message. Listen, if you want to stand, now's the time to stand. If you want to believe this message, now is the time to believe it. If there's ever been a time to preach it, now's the time to preach it. If there's ever been a time to play them tapes, now is the time to play them tapes. And I will not back up. And I will not lay down for some devil that wants to try to label us idolattors for believing the voice of God is on them tapes. That's God's voice to you. That's more than a Kentucky Hill belly. That's more than a preacher. That's more than just a suggestion about water baptism. That is the voice of God giving you an opportunity to believe him in the hour of unbelief. It's more than a man. It's God. This message is God. It come from God. And we're going back to God. And there ain't nothing the devil can do to change this message. &gt;&gt; Well, they got to be careful with them tapes. Maybe you do. I don't. And these young people don't either. &gt;&gt; What did Pilate do with his only opportunity? Brother B said what he done was he asked him to do some kind of clown or some kind of trick or some kind of magic rabbit. He said, "Oh, I want you to see he had a chance to receive it, but he didn't." &gt;&gt; You know what the prophet God said? He said he ought to have repented. Do you know the Bible prophesies the same word that stood before Pilate would return in this generation? &gt;&gt; But can I tell you how much God loves you, young people? Is that okay? &gt;&gt; He sent you a prophet to make sure you would not miss it when you come in his presence. &gt;&gt; You know what the Bible says? Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret unto his servants, the prophets. You know what Malachi 4 says? Behold, I God will send you, Andrew Glover. I don't mind putting my name there. Elijah, William, Mary, and Brandham the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the children back to the fathers, and the heart of the fathers to the children. In Revelation 10:7, you know what the Bible says there? In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. How many's ever heard brother stand in a prayer line and say these words? Amen. You believe me to be God's servant. &gt;&gt; Anybody ever heard brother Bham say that? Amen. You'll stand there and he'll say, "Oh, you believe me to be God's prophet." But then he'll back up and say, "I'm just your servant." Now let me show you something that was not an accident church because the Bible said the servants the prophets. Look at this word servant. It is of one who gives himself up to another's will. It is those whose service is used by Christ in extending and advancing his cause among men. Oh God. So God sent this prophet to advance his cause among the redeemed. He sent this prophet to extend the redemptive blessings of Christ. Amen. All the way to the young people in the final church age. Listen, it'll take a prophet to get the revelation because God has no other way of bringing out his scriptural revelations except by a prophet. Can I say this to you? Revelation gives you opportunity that education never will. Revelation gives you opportunities that emotions never will. Revelation gives you opportunities that feelings and sensations will never give you. You know what revelation does? It brings hope into hopeless situations. It brings life into the valley of dry bones. It brings healing into the body of blind Barnameus. Listen, I want to tell you tonight, this message is more than an idea. This message is a scriptural revelation that has been restored by the voice of the servant that God sent to extend in advance his cause among men. Listen what a prophet said. He said there's no hope for the church outside of the coming of the Lord. The only hope of the church is to get away from their man-made theologies &gt;&gt; and get back to the Holy Spirit and get the spirit back in the church. I love this. And get the church straightened out. Now, how does a church get straightened out? It takes a prophet to straighten out the church. Listen, in 1964, brother Bam writes the church age book and he sends an audio letter to to brother Lev concerning the church age book and he says in order to proclaim this, he has to send a prophet. Oh, God. In order to inject this and make this real again, to show the people the hour we're living in, because if they only see it in the hour past, then there's no hopes for the church. The church must see it in the present tense. Listen, it's not enough to see it in Noah's day. It's not enough to see it in Moses's day. It's not even enough to see it in Paul's day. Can I bring it to you? It's not enough to see it just in brother Brandham's day. You've got to see it in the present tense. So, God sends his prophet to manifest the present tense of it. Oh, God. God sent a prophet to manifest to you the reality of the presence of God in the present hour you're living in. Listen, we ought to be shouting tonight that God has sent the anointed prophet messenger of Malachi 4. Amen. With an opportunity to this generation. You say, "What's he going to do?" He's going to straighten out the church. &gt;&gt; Now, I got a question for you. How does God straighten out the church? Does he take one preacher out and put another one in? Does he take one book out and put another idea in? Does he take one personality out and put another person out in his place? According to the prophet, here's what he's going to do. He will plant the seed of the entire Bible from the serpent to the messenger in the former reign. He said, "Then he will be rejected by the denominational people as his forefather John and Elijah as was spoken by our Lord." Let me just say this. Denominations has already rejected this message. There's nothing there, saints. There's nothing to go back to and there's nothing to bring from there into here. Come on. This is not an inclusive message. This is an exclusive message. Brother Brandham did not preach God wants mixtures. He said God wants separators. And I pray God give us some young people that'll catch on fire with the revelation of this message and will call black and I'll call white white and quit trying to paint everything. I'm sorry. I'm not a denominational. I'm not a chicken. I don't cook. I don't scratch. I'm an eagle and I fly because I was born for the heavens. I can't feed in denominational food. There's nothing there to give me strength. It's why you can't bring a chicken preacher in to feed eagles. It won't work. What we need today, brother, is to sew the gospel seed of the word of the power, the resurrection of Christ, the living being that's living with us. He's in us now. Present tense. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. You know what Paul said? He said, "Don't yield your members as instruments of unrighteousness." He said, "But yield yourselves unto God." &gt;&gt; Can I say unto the message? &gt;&gt; Yield yourselves unto the message as those that are alive from the dead. as your members, as instruments of righteousness unto God. That word yield is powerful. It means to place a person or a thing at one's disposal. That word instruments means a weapon or a tool. It is a thing used. It is arms used in warfare. Know ye not, verse 16, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey? His servants ye are to whom you obey, whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness. But God be faint, that we were the servants of sin. Listen to what Paul says. But ye have obeyed from the heart. Now, come on, church. How can you obey from the heart unless God sends a prophet messenger to turn the heart? So in order for you to be able to advance in the obedience of the gospel, he sent a prophet to instruct us and to turn our heart that we could from the heart obey the form of doctrine which was delivered to you. You know what that word obeyed means? It means of one who on the knock at the door comes to listen to who it is. So when something knocks on your door, if you obey the knock, you get up to go listen. I love the rest of it. And then hear what they have to say. Do you all know there's a difference in listening and hearing? There's a difference. Amen. Somebody said, "We listen to tapes all the time, and we can tell cuz you don't go to church no more." Because if you was hearing what's on those tapes, you would hear a prophet say, "If God is in your heart, you can't wait for them doors to get open to come in there and to fellowship with your brothers and sisters." Come on. There's a big difference in listening and hearing. There's millions that will listen, but there's only an elected few that will hear. And the true evidence of hearing what the spirit is saying unto the church is the ability to obey what he says. It ain't enough just to hear it. You got to obey it. &gt;&gt; You say, "You can't prove a difference." Oh, yes, I can. I can. You probably heard me share this before, but it was it was one of the first times I was I was studying something in the Bible and the Lord gave me a real life experience. Amen. To confirm it in my heart. I went into the tire shop there in the town of Tennessee I grew up in. And there was a man in there. He was a fellow message believer. And he come up to me and Brother Ray, he says, "Oh, you know my wife, she listens to tapes all the time." I said, "Well, praise God, brother. That's wonderful." And he said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "She listens to tapes every day of her life. And when she gets up, she listens to them. When she goes to bed, she listens to them." I said, "Well, I'm starting to wonder, does he listen?" Amen. She listens to tapes all the time. And I said, "Well, praise the Lord." He said, "But Andrew, I brought her car down here to get a flat tire fixed." And sure enough, I got in the car and I turned her car on and there was a tape playing in her car. She had been listening to a tape. I said, "Praise God, brother." So, we just talked there and I left and went down to down to the market there, Food City in town. And I walk in there and Brother David, when I walk in there, I look down the aisle and I see this lady I know. And it's that man's wife wearing a pair of pants. And I said, "Wait a second. That can't be." And I turned and you know how we do when we see somebody we don't want to talk to, we quickly go around the other aisle. Well, I quickly turned and went around the other aisle, too. Oh, God bless you. How you doing, brother? I said, "Oh my goodness, it can't be." And as clear as I'm talking to you, the spirit of God spoke in my heart and said, "See, there's a difference in listening and hearing. If she was hearing, she'd take them pants off and put a dress on." Are y'all hearing me? It ain't enough just to listen, young people. It's time to hear what the spirit has to say unto the churches. And when you truly hear what the spirit has to say, it'll bring such a reality of revelation in your soul that there will be one day be able to stand in front of you. Paul said, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me. The prophet of God said, see that word s, it means to reveal myself to them. &gt;&gt; I will reveal that I am the same yesterday, &gt;&gt; today, and forever. the son of man will be revealed in that day when all churchity and everything else becomes Sodom like that. I'll be on the outside but I'll be knocking trying to get in. I love this quote. He said, "So I'll say one thing. If you don't want him, he won't bore you with himself. &gt;&gt; No, he won't push himself on you. He never did. He knocks and you're on the inside. You're the one that opens the door, but he will knock. He will give you the opportunity. He said, just think what an opportunity. I know thousands of people tonight, there is people, are you hearing me? That's in this world that God never will and never did knock at their heart and won't. But if God has knocked at your heart's door, you're privileged. You ought to come. If God allowed this message to knock at the heart of your door, you ought to realize I am the privileged person on the earth to receive the visitation of Elohim in the hour that I'm living in. Listen, when something knocks on the door, it's trying to present itself to you. Listen, someone knocks, they're presenting, but when you get up and go open the door, you are receiving what they're presenting. I love this because the Bible says, "In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubable, my servant, the son of Chhatel, and saith the Lord, and will make thee as a signate, for I have chosen thee, saith the Lord of hosts." What he's saying there is, I'm going to I'm going to lay my hand on somebody. I'm going to take them, brother. Said, do you see he's seen something in me? He's seen something in you. So, he had a reason to save you. Look at the people that's unsaved today. Look at the millions he could have took beside you. But he took you and no one can take your place. See, God chose you and no one can take your place. God took you and no one can take your place. God put your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. He claimed you to confirm his word through you. Listen, this is more than just a sermon. This is Christ, the revealed word returning in the world of Palace Judgment Hall. What are you going to do with this Jesus called Christ? &gt;&gt; God is taking you young people to confirm his word through you and his word will accomplish what he has sent it forth to do. You see, when Pilate stood there, are you okay? When pilot stood there, he said there was Jesus, the word made flesh and he was in he came into the earth. He came to do one thing that was to accomplish the purpose of God. Amen. From heaven and he did. Now watch a prophet pick this up. Now we are left as we understand to carry on the work that he come to accomplish his death at Calvary. He was with us and he come out of God into the world and went from the world into God and has come again in the form of the Holy Spirit. And he is with us. He is in us to the end of the world carrying out in his church the same work that he did when he was here on the earth. Listen, he's not here in a corporal body. If a man come in here with nail scars in his hands and a bloody robe on, I would not bow down and worship him. You know why? Because a prophet sowed the entire Bible seed in my heart and gave me the ability by the preaching of the gospel to discern between the spirit of truth and the spirit of error. Oh, there's a reason why the devil hates you young people. is he's deceived everybody else. But he can't deceive you because there is something on the inside of you that you didn't put there. The church didn't put it there. The preacher didn't put it there. Amen. A good service didn't put it there. But God put it there. And he put it there to be a channel that when he would reveal himself, there would be someone on the earth to catch it. Listen. You say then how did he come if he didn't come in a nail scar hands and a crown of thorns on his head tonight? How is he here? You know what Paul said in Hebrews 10:7 then said I lo I come in the volume of the book. It is written of me to do thy will oh God. Brother said now I want to continue to speak about our Lord in his ministry today. He said, "Now there's many people in the Bible that teaches the Bible as a historical book, &gt;&gt; which it is, but it's more than that and a history. It's a prophetic book also. It foretells what was and it tells what will be." Do you accept that to be truth? &gt;&gt; Glory to God. What is truth? The Bible is the truth. Do you accept it to be the truth? And now the same Jesus that was is the same Jesus that is and will be. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said, now his ministry carries on. He said, will you help me, Almighty God? Amen. Come near to me, Father, and anoint thy servant and pack me from this sense bound existence into the spheres where you live. and may this be done through Jesus Christ's name that I might know the diseases and the thoughts of the people's mind. So he was not just ex Oh God, can I preach now? He was not just revealing the facial expressions on their face. &gt;&gt; Somebody come to church with a frown on. They're having a bad day. It's the Lord. I tell you, you're having a bad day. Your frown reveals that But he stood there and revealed the diseases, the color of coat the doctor was wearing, the type of person they come on church. He said, "Lord, take me away and put yourself in that the works of God might be done here in the city." He said, Jesus said, "I come to do the will of the father and the same spirit that he had to begin the works of the father and to finish the atonement." Amen. to make a way that we could carry the message. He made a way, young people, that we could carry the message. If the spirit that's in you, then you'll have the same attitude towards people trying to do what you can to help them. Listen, Lord, when your knowledge comes is like his knowledge, I come to do the will of God. He said, see, with the father's word, he defeated every devil. With the father's word, he defeated every devil. You agree with me that Jesus came in the volume of the book? &gt;&gt; Do you agree? Can I tell you something? This Bible you're carrying is the book he stepped out of. He stepped out of that book. Oh, but let me give the devil another punch. That's the same book I stepped out of. That's the same book you stepped down because the same word that speaks to the bridegroom is the same word that speaks to the bride. Listen young people, this is not another custom. This is an appointment. It's an opportunity. It's a special moment in the presence of the word. Oh, may I get you tonight to see that you're more than just young people. You are the living instrumentality of God. Paul said that you would prove what is that good and acceptable and the perfect will of God. &gt;&gt; Listen, you're more than just young people here tonight. He says you're the house that God dwells in. Not a building with a big bell on top of it and a high steeple, but a body hast thou prepared. Oh, folks. A body that God can dwell in. A God can walk in, that God can see in, that God can talk in, that God can work in. God walking on two feet. &gt;&gt; Can I say this to you? He has moved into you and we have moved into him. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. He has moved into us and we have moved into him. And Jesus spoke to you young people. He said at that day ye shall know that I am in my father and ye in me and I in you. Do you know what it took a prophet to stand there and say the word becomes you and you become the word. See at that day ask a philosopher he'll tell you this day or some other day or the day back there. But a prophet come along and said at that day what day? This day. Hallelujah. We find out the great hidden mysteries of God are now being revealed and that he is in me and I am in him and in you. God Emmanuel with us. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Listen young people. God Emmanuel with us. It was that Emmanuel that seen George Wright sitting down there just now laying there dying when four doctors passed him. It was that Emanuel when he had to borrow a womb, when he had to borrow a grave, he borrowed my eyes and said, "Go tell brother George, thus sayaeth the Lord, he'll dig the grave of those preachers and things that's laughing at him." It was that Emmanuel. It was the same one about the little animals the other day in the woods. It was the same one. Hallelujah. It was the same one about Margie Morgan sitting there. Amen. Can I bring it from George Ranch? Can I bring it from the little fish? Can I bring it from the squirrels? Can I bring it from Margie Morgan? Can I bring it right here? It's the same one who borrowed the mental faculties, the senses of this body to present to the world today through you. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ is on display through you. This message has brought the God of the Bible into the flesh of the redeemed and has put him on display. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Brother Andrew, you're way out there. No, I'm not. Christ is not a million miles away. He's right here &gt;&gt; in this building tonight. Christ has been presented present. &gt;&gt; Christ has been presented present. by the message &gt;&gt; of the hour. &gt;&gt; What an opportunity. He says &gt;&gt; he's here in the form of the written word. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus that brought again the Lord Jesus from the dead and has presented to him to us in the this morning in the form of the Holy Spirit. Now I want to say this to you. God has always been on the earth in some form. Right? &gt;&gt; He never left the earth. &gt;&gt; You say, "Then if he's here, brother Andrew, where's he at?" Brother Ram said, "Can't you see the son of man in the form of prophetic message &gt;&gt; returning back again in his church &gt;&gt; in prophecy, revealing Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." &gt;&gt; Can I read the rest of it? It's never been done to the age till this time. &gt;&gt; How does God interpret his word? By bringing it to pass. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. He said, "Let there be a sun." How did he bring that to pass? There was a son. The son interpreted the spoken word. He said, "Let there be a moon." And the moon come in the sky. And the moon interpreted the spoken word. Oh, I say to you tonight, young people, there's some things that's been revealed through this prophet's ministry. Like one of these mornings, you're going to feel a cold sweep come over your body. How is he going to interpret that? All I know is some morning, brother Micaiah, I'm going to feel a cold sweep. The bride is the interpretation of the word. Listen, it's not been done till this time. What are you talking about? The presence of the Lord Jesus is right here. He said, "Do you see?" Amen. It's not his coming. It's his appearing. &gt;&gt; Now, the appearing of the Lord is now. &gt;&gt; When he's appearing in his people, when his spirit is working among them, when it's proven that it's him with them, what's it doing? Oh, God. It's getting them ready for the rapture, &gt;&gt; for the coming of the Lord. Now listen, watch this prophetic announcement. My ministry is different from a from a pastor or from a teacher. If I say things wrong, brethren, forgive me. I don't mean it. But this is my ministry. See? &gt;&gt; To declare him that he's here. See what he's saying is what Jesus was in a corporal body is what he is now. His presence he is supposed to return in the last days. We know that through human flesh and declare himself the same way. Oh, amen. Can I start these meetings off with some words of comfort? Is that okay? Now for your comfort, I say this to you in his name. He is here. The same God that came down and talked to Abraham had his back turned to the tent and Sarah on the inside of the tent and he knew what she was thinking. That same God is right here in this building tonight. Oh, Satan, get out of our way. We're not just gathered here looking for truth. We are possessing truth. What are you saying? I'm saying our father has revealed the word to impart the knowledge of his presence to his children. &gt;&gt; Listen, Satan don't want you to receive this. &gt;&gt; Satan wants to keep punching at you so this word seed don't get in you. &gt;&gt; Satan don't want you to receive this heavenly knowledge. &gt;&gt; He don't mind you get an intellectual conception. He don't mind you get a message education. He don't mind you get a chill bump and a goosebump and a good feeling. He don't mind you get an emotion and a sensation. He don't mind you get a just don't get the heavenly knowledge. Can I say this? Because when you know Christ is here, then you know he's defeated. When you know Christ is here, then you know the devil is defeated. As long as you're wondering if he's here, as long as you're presuming, is he here? As long as you're guessing, is he here? That devil can wreak havoc. But when the revelation strikes your soul, he's not a million miles away. He's right here in this building tonight. If he is here, then cancer is defeated. If he is here, then childhood diabetes is defeated. If he is here, every complex, every nervousness, every suicidal spirit is defeated in the name of Jesus Christ. I say let God arise and his enemies be scattered. Let the revelation arise in your heart. What I'm feeling is more than a sensation. I'm feeling his presence. [Applause] [Music] I'm feeling his presence. [Applause] And when you recognize &gt;&gt; when you recognize his presence, &gt;&gt; when you recognize his presence, not when you feel it, &gt;&gt; brother David. When you recognize it, [Music] when you recognize his presence, you release his power. When you recognize his presence, when you recognize this is my opportunity, when you recognize, Brother Jesse Luke, when you recognize he's not in a grave in Jerusalem, he's not in a tomb in Jeffersonville, he's not in a library, he's not in a congress hall in Washington DC, he is right here in the building tonight. When you recognize that, you release his power. You say, "I don't feel it." That's okay. Just recognize it. You say, "I can't sense it." That's okay. Just recognize it. Because the minute you recognize it is the minute you release the power of the Almighty God. [Music] &gt;&gt; When I feel better, that's too late. &gt;&gt; When I feel better, that's too late. [Applause] When things start looking better, that's too late. &gt;&gt; When my favorite preacher takes the microphone, that's too late. Now is your time. Now is your opportunity. [Applause] [Music] No matter how much God is standing present. How many believe he's here? &gt;&gt; How many believe he's in this building? &gt;&gt; You You believe he's right here? &gt;&gt; You believe he's right here in this building tonight? &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; You just released his power. [Music] [Applause] All things are possible to them that can believe. Satan, I adure thee in the name of Jesus Christ. I condemn you. Take your hands off of God's property. Release the faith of the children of God in the word of God. You don't have to wait till things change to praise him. You don't have to wait till things look better to believe. You don't have to wait till some special hot moment comes. The minute the revelation strikes your heart, he is here. The devil is defeated. Sin is defeated. [Applause] Hallelujah. Why should we here till we die? This is our opportunity. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to preach to you by I'm going to just say this very straight. God's heard your prayers. God's heard your petitions. God's been in them prayer meetings. God's been by them beds at night when you've been praying about situations and things for this meeting. And can I say this to you upon the authority of the word of the Lord? He's here to meet your expectations. [Applause] Brother, I'm stand there in the prayer line. I hurt him today. He said, "Come now, sir." He said, "Be real reverent." He said, "Come now, sir." He said, "Do you believe me to be God's servant, God's prophet? You've been waiting a long time, brother Ray. I heard these words." He said, 'You've been praying for a long time for an opportunity to stand before Brother Brandham. Oh, listen. I rebuke that devil that tries to make you feel like an idoltor for enjoying them quotes. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm not Ahab. I come from Elijah. I rebuke that devil. We're not a bunch of idolattors. We know who is in that man. We're not a bunch of ignoramuses. We know he was a son of man, but he was revealing. He was revealing the son of man that he's in the room that he's here to heal you. He's here to save you. He's here to deliver you. He's here to bring the prodical home. [Music] He says, "You waited a long time. You waited a long time." He said, "But it's better late than never." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; It's better late than never. He said, "Sir, that trouble you got, it just left you." &gt;&gt; Go on your way. Praising God. &gt;&gt; You say, "Brother Andrew, I've gone too far." You say, "Brother Andrew, I've done this and I've done that and I I've done this and I've done that." Can I Can I just say something to you? Man's extremity is God's opportunity. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Man's extremity is God's opportunity. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, I'm down to nothing. God's up to something." You say, "Brother Ender, it's the darkest hour it's ever been." That's okay. God's up to something. Because man's extremity is God's opportunity. As long as a doctor can do something, he's in God's way. as long as you can do something, you're in God's way. But when you've exhausted every resource, when you've gone as far as you can go, when you've prayed as long as you can pray, when you've cried as hard as you can cry, and you finally get to a point, you throw up your hands and you say, "Lord, I'm down to nothing. I don't know what to do." Can I tell you what you just did? You just seized. You just seized your opportunity in his presence. You just seize your opportunity. [Music] If God appears, he appears on purpose. &gt;&gt; Brother Andrew, what are you getting at? I want to say this. He's here. &gt;&gt; Now, it's time for you to get to Jesus. &gt;&gt; There's a little woman one time. She goes over there and she and you know the story. I'm not going to preach the whole story to you, but you know it. She sees Jesus in the corner with dirty feet. &gt;&gt; He's been ignored. He's been he's been humiliated. Y'all know that something brother said Jesus comes where he's invited. &gt;&gt; Do you know the all knowing God knew when he walked in that house he was going to be humiliated. &gt;&gt; He knew he was going to be made fun of. &gt;&gt; He knew he was going to be laughed at. But he still &gt;&gt; he still went &gt;&gt; anyhow. &gt;&gt; Do y'all know that? &gt;&gt; And he sat in the corner with dirty feet. I love what the prophet of God said. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; He said she goes down there and she takes what little money she's got. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; And he said she walked in there and said, "I want the I want the best." &gt;&gt; They said, "Ma'am, you just got a little bit of money." She said, "No, I want the best &gt;&gt; because he's worth my all. &gt;&gt; This is my one opportunity. &gt;&gt; This is my one chance. This is my one opportunity." See, because of who I am, they won't let me around him. All them all them religious people, they won't let me around him. But I recognized who he was. Can I say why she did? because there was something inside of her that connected with something inside of him and it be to pull her. It be to draw her. She said, "Lord," she said, she said, "Give me, give me the best." Ram said she didn't want no cheap anointing. &gt;&gt; He said she wanted the best anointing. And when she got down there, I love this. Brother Re said there was a lot of things between her and her opportunity. There was a lot of things between her and her opportunity. So she walked in there on the first night and she said, "Oh Lord, there's too much. I I'll come back try tomorrow night. Let me &gt;&gt; No, you know what the prophet of God said? He said she be to elbow. She be to elbow her way through." Glory to God. Glory to God. She began to elbow her way through. There was this complex and and there was this sin and there was this stronghold and there was this voice and but she didn't back up. She said, "This is my one opportunity. I got to get to the message of the hour. I got to get to the revelation." [Music] They said, "Calm down." She said, "You don't know how bad I need him. You don't know how bad I need him. She elbowed her way through the mat. She elbowed her way through critics. She elbowed her way through people laughing at her. She elbowed her way through people saying the message wasn't what it was. But she elbowed her way through it until she made it to the feet of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Brother Bam said she be to wash it with her tears. She began to dry it with a hair of her head. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; I love this part. He said, "Then somebody said, "Wait a second." Said, "She broke the bottle and she began to pour the oil out &gt;&gt; and they ran over there and they said, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Save some. &gt;&gt; Save some. &gt;&gt; Save it. Just save just a little bit." You know, just just just save some. She said, "No, this is my opportunity. No, this is my opportunity. I can't save any. I can't hold anything back. This is my opportunity. I can't hold nothing back. I got to let it all go." Come on, young people. This is your opportunity. Don't hold anything back. Let it all go. Let it all go tonight. Let every bit of yourself go. I will not hold it back. I will not hold it back. You know what the prophet of God said? He said when she began to pour it all on his feet, it be to testify to them, she believed he was worth everything. &gt;&gt; She seized. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; She seized her opportunity. &gt;&gt; Listen, this is not just another youth camp. Can I Can I just say this to you? &gt;&gt; This is not just another TWT. &gt;&gt; The hour is too late, young people. &gt;&gt; This is not just another service. &gt;&gt; The hour &gt;&gt; is too late. [Applause] &gt;&gt; This is not just another weekend with your friends. &gt;&gt; The hour. Come on. &gt;&gt; It's too late. &gt;&gt; Can I say it to you? The way the Lord put it on my heart. &gt;&gt; You know, blind Barameus stood there that day and brother said these words. He said he he couldn't see Jesus, &gt;&gt; but he knew, brother Jay, he was passing by &gt;&gt; and he knew this is my opportunity. &gt;&gt; He didn't have no sense aside in his eyes to declare this was him. But his presence was so powerful, brother A. &gt;&gt; He said, "This is my opportunity." You know what the prophet of God said? He said he couldn't wait until the next service. &gt;&gt; There was not another service coming. He said he didn't have that opportunity. Listen to this, young people. He said that was his first and his last opportunity. It was the only opportunity he ever had or ever would have to receive his sight. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know you've heard this. Well, you'll have another chance. And I believe that you'll have this. But can I say this to you? Treat every opportunity like it's the first and it's the last. It's the only opportunity. If you're going to sing a song, sing it like it's your first opportunity. like it's your only opportunity, like it's your last. If you're going to pray, pray like it's your only opportunity. Pray like it's your first and your last. If you're going to preach, brothers, let us preach like it's our first opportunity. It's our only opportunity and it's our last opportunity. And young people, if you're going to believe this message, believe it right now like it's your first opportunity to believe it. Like it's your last opportunity to believe it. Like it's your only opportunity. &gt;&gt; He's passing by. &gt;&gt; He's here. &gt;&gt; He's here. Yes, &gt;&gt; God has provided you an opportunity, &gt;&gt; a time, &gt;&gt; a place, &gt;&gt; a moment, &gt;&gt; a golden opportunity, &gt;&gt; eyes to see, &gt;&gt; ears to hear, &gt;&gt; a heart to believe. &gt;&gt; Can I Can I just share this with you and I'm done? St. John 4. When you see this is your opportunity, &gt;&gt; it'll change the way you approach the services. &gt;&gt; When you see this is your opportunity, it'll change the way you approach the word of God. &gt;&gt; When that revelation strikes your heart, listen, young people, there's a lot of things trying to deal with you right now. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of ideas. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of customs. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of traditions. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of websites. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of unbelieving voices. There's a lot of repbate voices &gt;&gt; and they're trying to deal with you &gt;&gt; and they're trying to tell you this and tell you that and convince you this and convince you that. They're trying to tear down the authority of the message &gt;&gt; and they're trying to water down the fact that God sent a prophet and they're trying to trying to water down the effect of this message and and then and then all of a sudden they start I'm just I'm just going to preach right here. They start trying to say things like, "Well, don't quote brother Brandham so much and and and don't really enter in, you know, and and don't really but but when else are we going to have an opportunity to do it? If we don't do it now, when are we going to do it? If we don't enjoy the message now, when are we going to enjoy it? If we don't preach it now, when are we going to preach it? I think it's time to draw our swords and say, "This is my hour. This is my time. This is my opportunity." &gt;&gt; Listen, &gt;&gt; you're the woman at the well. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; As our musicians come tonight, &gt;&gt; you're the woman at the well. This is a special moment. Not because I'm here. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Or some other preachers here, &gt;&gt; but brother Nathan, because he's here, &gt;&gt; this is a special moment, &gt;&gt; See, God sets up things. &gt;&gt; God arranges things. &gt;&gt; God's in the details &gt;&gt; and God fixes things. So that when he begins to bring that that pivotal moment, &gt;&gt; when he begins to when he begins to bring that that uh how would we say it? That that climax moment of of a testimony or a situation. When he begins to do that, brother, he's got every thing in place. I was over the other day in Czech Republic. Brother Josh Martin and I was there and brother Andrew uh Mars I believe is how you pronounce his last name from Ireland. He was preaching the the f first morning service of the youth camp there and he come down the end of his sermon and I'd been studying on things to preach and to minister and the brother had called me and asked me about coming and he said brother Andrew he said there was a preacher left the message and he he's trying to influence young people and pull young people and he's pulled some and he said there's a real burden on our heart. He said we'd felt to have you to come. Would you come? And so I I went and I'm there and you just know how you just get under a burden and brother Andrew is closing his sermon out and he says these words. I've already got my sermon on my heart, brother Ray. And brother Andrew says these words. He says, "You see, God will fix things to deal with things &gt;&gt; in your life that will never deal with you again." And &gt;&gt; I thought, whoa. And when he said that, young people, something in my heart went right to St. John chapter 4. And the Bible said that Jesus was going from Galilee, from Judea, I believe, down to Galilee. &gt;&gt; And I like to say it like this. And he must have needs to go by St. Mary's, Ohio. He must have needs, brother Josh, to go by St. Mary's, Ohio. &gt;&gt; He must have needs. &gt;&gt; God &gt;&gt; has needs. &gt;&gt; He must have needs to go by Samaria. And he and and he sits on a whale. &gt;&gt; He sits on a whale. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to borrow brother David's statement right now. I'm done preaching. Just having fun. He sits on a whale. Think about this. He don't sit just anywhere. He sets on a whale. &gt;&gt; And this woman comes out with her water bucket and he don't wait on God. She don't wait on him. He's all &gt;&gt; He's already there. &gt;&gt; She don't get down and pray. She don't get down in bed. He's already there. And he's sitting there on the whale and he says, "Give me a drink." &gt;&gt; And you know what she says? She says, "Listen, the Jews have no dealings &gt;&gt; with the Samaritans. Come on now. &gt;&gt; She thought a Jew was coming to deal with a Samaritan. &gt;&gt; But what was really happening is what's happening right here in this building tonight. &gt;&gt; The predestinated word was coming to deal with the predestinated seed. It wasn't a Jew coming to deal with a Samaritan. It was the word coming to deal with the seed. But they said what happened? He said the word seen the word. The word that was in your father saw the word that was in your soul. It was the opportunity for that word to come alive. Listen, I'm not going to preach no fake. I'm going to say it like this. And of all places for a dirty, filthy woman to be, where was she at? She was at the well. She was at a perfect place for something dirty to be. &gt;&gt; You know what a prophet of God said? He said, "Right here tonight," he said, "You got an opportunity at the well." He said, "There's no better place that's in Christ." &gt;&gt; Christ is the message. &gt;&gt; And that day there shall be a fountain open. Listen, he was David's fountain of life. &gt;&gt; He is still that fountain in the house of David. and he's right here &gt;&gt; tonight. I want you to stand up on your feet for a moment. It &gt;&gt; was her opportunity. &gt;&gt; God fixed it. &gt;&gt; God arranged things. &gt;&gt; See, brother, see, when she met that open well, can I say it like this? When she met the open word, &gt;&gt; he said the old system lost its strength. Right? &gt;&gt; It no longer tasted good. &gt;&gt; He said, "Now see, if you'll come tonight and plunge beneath the crimson flow of that fountain, you'll come up on the other side washed. Where we went in sinners, we'll come out saved. Where we went in sick, we'll come out well. We go in downtrodden, disheartened, weary, tossed about by every little thing, and come out on the other side established." Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, how we thank thee for this great opportunity to come to the fountain. &gt;&gt; Listen tonight, young people. You said, "Brother Andrew, I've already been saved. I've already received the Holy Ghost. The devil's battled my mind, battling my spirit." I want to tell you this tonight. You're standing by the fountain. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Of assurity. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You can drink from this fountain. Let me say it this. You can come to this camp with questions in your mind about the message or about anything. &gt;&gt; You can come to this camp up and down. Up and down. &gt;&gt; And I believe you can leave here established. &gt;&gt; I believe one drink out of this fountain and you can leave here so established the devil don't know what to do with you. &gt;&gt; Listen. Brother Ram said, "Listen, listen. Word believers hear me. Oh word believers, give into my message. &gt;&gt; Not my message, his message. &gt;&gt; He firmly declares &gt;&gt; to be the truth. &gt;&gt; I believe it tonight. I believe there's a fountain open. Do we have a Do we have a receiver in the building tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The voice of deliverance is speaking. &gt;&gt; The voice of authority is speaking. Treat every opportunity sees it tonight. How many say going to these meetings? This is my meeting. &gt;&gt; These are my services. &gt;&gt; These these sermons are my sermons. &gt;&gt; This atmosphere is mine. &gt;&gt; This presence, it's mine. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heart together tonight. Now is the time. Now is the golden opportunity. Now is the grand opportunity. God has watched over you young people. God has watched over, as the prophet of God would say in the message, he'll say, "God has watched over generations to get you to where you are right now." He's fixed things and he's set up things. He's moved things and positioned things and shifted things to get you to where you are right now. God sent this message knowing there would be somebody receive it. Knowing there would be somebody believe it. Knowing there would be someone who would not just listen to it, but they would hear it. When that knock on the door would come. When that voice in Revelation 10:7 would begin to knock at the door's heart, they would begin to knock knowing there would be somebody open that door. I wonder tonight with every head bowed, every eye closed, just you and the Lord. You say, "Lord, I I hear that knock. I feel that knock. Lord, I hear your word, and it's challenging me. It's challenging me to dig into this message like never before. is challenging me to move into the into the revelations that God has brought out through this vindicated prophet. This message is not just letter, but it's it's his presence. It's his spirit. It's calling me into higher heights. I want to go there, Lord. It's calling me into deeper depths. &gt;&gt; Lord, I'm ready tonight to make a full surrender. Lord, Lord, I'm ready tonight to cut ties with everything and launch out tonight into the deep. I'm ready tonight to follow you. He's sitting at the whale. You said, "Brother Andrew, is the altar the whale?" It can be, but he's sitting at the well. The altar is your heart tonight. He wants to reveal himself to you this weekend. Let me say, "Lord, I open the door. Come into my life. [Music] God bless you, Almighty God. Lord, this is a powerful group of young people standing before me, Lord. Lord, these are not just young men and young ladies, but Lord, these are chosen vessels, Lord. Father, these are predestinated hearts and predestinated lives. And Lord, they're here not by accident. They're not here by happen chance, Lord. Father, I believe they're here under divine orchestration, Lord. Father, I believe they're here under divine predestination, Lord. Father, I know the enemy's done everything he can to stop them and to block them and to confuse them, Lord, to bring their minds and to bring their hearts and their spirits, oh God, into into confusions and into into all kinds of things. But Lord, I thank you that there's a seed on the inside of their hearts, Lord, that no matter what the devil would try to put against them, there's something on the inside of them, dear God, that's ordained to rise above it all. &gt;&gt; Now, Lord, they've not come here for just another weekend or just another good time. Lord, I believe we're going to have a good time. I believe we're having one. But Lord, as we as we turn on the tapes and we read through the books and we break open our Bibles, Lord, we see the hour we're living in is late. Father, Israel is in the homeland and Lord, Russia's hollering and and the world is falling apart. Lord, everything your prophet brought out by this by this inspiration is happening before our eyes. Lord, we believe that at any moment there's not another age coming. There's not another church age coming. This is the final people, Lord. This is the final age, Lord. Father, I pray tonight, dear God. If there be one that hasn't seized their opportunity, Lord, they're still looking for truth. They're still trying to find truth. They're still trying to find something that'll give them, Lord, a satisfaction in their heart. Oh God, may this be the night their search is over, Lord. Lord, may this be the night that your word breaks open in their heart. And Lord, they can see who not just brother Brandham was or who you are, but Lord, they can find their self right here in this message. And they can say, "Lord, I'm one of those one in a million that you gave the opportunity to hear these things. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm one in a million, Lord, that you allowed my heart to be flexible and to be tender towards the voice of the seventh angel. &gt;&gt; That when he would begin to speak, the things he would begin to say would Lord begin to turn my heart back to the faith of the fathers. And Father, I pray tonight, dear God, that every enemy be bound, every spirit be broken. Lord, we're in your presence and your power is here tonight. in Jesus name. Lord, if there's one sick here tonight, may they recognize your presence and release your healing power. If there's one bound here tonight, may they recognize your presence and release your delivering power in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Nothing. &gt;&gt; Won't you just slip your hands up to him tonight? &gt;&gt; Why don't you be like that little woman in the Bible? &gt;&gt; Nothing like &gt;&gt; she elbowed her way through. &gt;&gt; She made her way to the feet of Jesus. &gt;&gt; She broke open the bottle. &gt;&gt; She poured all the oil out on his feet. &gt;&gt; She began to wash his feet. She began to worship him. Father of God says she got beside herself. &gt;&gt; Oh, tonight &gt;&gt; on the first night of this camp, get beside yourself. &gt;&gt; Let go of everything. All the worries, all the troubles, all the problems. [Music] &gt;&gt; Say, Lord, I'm coming. &gt;&gt; I'm coming to my true identity. &gt;&gt; Coming to my true word identity. Nothing like the presence. &gt;&gt; Wash me tonight by your word, Lord. &gt;&gt; Nothing like &gt;&gt; Wash me by your word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's joy. Joy in the presence. Joy in the praise. presence joy in the presence of the Lord. There is joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. sing there's nothing there's nothing [Music] nothing like the Lord nothing like the presence oh Nothing. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. And I'm free. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, I'm free. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I'm chang forever in his presence. There's healing. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. He is the presence of the Lord. Oh, there he is. There he is. There's nothing like the present. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like There is nothing. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing I'm free. I'm free. Yes, I'm free. I'm not the same. Hallelujah. I'm chang. Thank you, Lord, for your presence. Thank you for your atmosphere, God. I'm free. Yeah, her in his presence. Sing there's nothing Oh, there's nothing like Oh, nothing like the presence. Nothing like [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, there's nothing nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's healing. Oh, there's healing. Oh, sing it tonight. There's healing. [Music] Oh, he is. [Music] There's healing. Healing in the presence. There is healing. Oh, healing in the presence of the Lord. No one knew how alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Oh, I laugh and say my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret. I cried. And one day someone told me of your mercy [Applause] and the love you showed on a hill called Calary. There you purchase my redemption. You sit down and set my spirit free. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My sins are there away my sins are away. It's true, Lord. It's true. There have been days when I feel you. You know the many times I've gone astray stronger than my [Music] and your is no one ever care for me like you other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. your [Music] tonight. Oh, we can sing that. Thank you, Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. away. You know it's true. There have been days when I failed you. It doesn't matter that many times I've gone astray. But one thing I've learned that your love is stronger than my weakness and your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you. other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow, knowing you are everything. Yeah. Heat. to your [Music] [Applause] blessed assure. forever. &gt;&gt; Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. [Music] Born of his spirit. I'm washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calary is more than enough. Oh, I trust in God. My savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Yes, I trust in God. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. [Music] submission. [Music] I know your tomorrow. [Music] So this is my story. We can sing it tonight. This is my song. Oh myior. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Blessed are Jesus. Oh Jesus is mine. He's been my [Applause] born of his spirit washed in his blood. [Music] [Applause] I trust in God. I trust in God. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I trust in God. I trust in God. My savior who will never fail. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and heard and he sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard. I sought the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, that's what we've come to do. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he answered. And he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord. And he heard. And he answered. That's why. I trust him. Oh yes. I saw the Lord. And he answered. I saw the Lord. And he heard. And he answered. I saw the Lord. And he heard. And he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. My savior. The one who will never He will never fail. I trust in God. I trust in God. My savior. The one who never heard. [Music] I trust you. Never. He will never [Music] &gt;&gt; I was a rich. &gt;&gt; I remember who I was. &gt;&gt; I was lost. &gt;&gt; I was blind. I was running out of time. [Music] &gt;&gt; Separated. The bridge was far too wide, brother. But from the far side of the castle, you had me in your side. So you made a way across. Left behind left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside and there at the cross. You paid the debt. Kobe freed my soul for the first time I had. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved Lord. You brought me from the darkness into glorious life. So you took my place, laid inside. Hallelujah. Oh, you were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Has no ste I have been trans. Thank you Jesus for I thank you Jesus you have thank you Jesus you have saved [Music] into glorious life. I was a rich. Oh, I was a rich. I remember who I was. I was right. I was running out separate was far too wide from the far side. You held me in your side. So you made a way cross the great divide left behind [Music] to build it here inside. Thank you Lord. And there at the cross you paid the debt I owe. Oh my soul for the first time. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Jesus [Music] Christ. There is nothing. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood. I thank you Jesus. You have wash me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Oh, you brought me from the darkness into. Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, the blood of Jesus. I'm singing. Oh, the blood of Jesus. There's healing, Lord. There's healing in the blood of Jes. Thank God. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. Lord is he in the blood of Jes. Jes singing about the Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Jesus [Music] might. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We lift our voices to you, Lord. Oh, thank you for the price you made on Calvary, Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you for the life of Christ within us tonight, Lord Jesus. There's nothing like your word, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Lord, as your sons and daughters, Lord, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Tell thank you tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yeah. I have a good God. I have a father. He is my daily friend. My living water. I have a promise. He will deliver. I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied. Cuz he is good. I know a good God. I know a good God. I have a father. He my daily bread, my living water. I have a promise. He will deliver. I'm satisfied. He is good. Oh, from the mountain to the valley. He is good. All my best days and worst. He is good and glory. Oh, taste and see that he is good. I'm satisfied. He is good. I know a good Hallelujah. I have a father. He is my daily bread, my living water. I have a pro. He will deliver me. I'm satisfied from the mountain. from the mountain. Hallelujah. He is good. All my best days of worship. He is good and glory. Oh, taste and see that he is good. Oh Lord, I'm satisfied. [Applause] Cuz he is good. Cuz he's sweeter than the honey from the honeycom. [Music] He is sweeter than the honey from the honey gold. Lord, you're sweeter. You're sweeter than the honey from the honey gold. Taste and see that he is. Taste and see that he is sweeter. Oh, he's sweeter. Yes, he is from the honey. Taste and see. Jesus. Jesus is the sweetest. Oh yes, he is. Jesus is Jesus. Hallelujah. Taste and see there is Jesus name. Oh yes. Thank you Lord. He's sweeter. My Jesus is the sweetest to see from the mountain. Oh yeah. And glory and glory. Glory. Oh, taste and see that he is good. I'm sisfied. &gt;&gt; I'm satisfied cuz he is good. You sing sweeter than honey. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you for your presence tonight, Lord. Taste and see that he is sweet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's a sweet Lord. He is sweeter than the taste and see. Jesus is my Jesus. Oh yes, he is my Jesus. Sing Jesus. Jesus is the sweetest name I can know. Taste and see that he is sweeter than the honey from the honey. He's so sweet. Oh yes, he is. is sweeter than the honey. Oh, sweeter than the honey from the honey. Taste and see that he is good. Taste and see that he is good once again. Oh, taste and see that he is good. [Applause] Amen. How many have had a taste of that? &gt;&gt; You know, I've experienced a lot of thirst &gt;&gt; over the years of my life. But there was a day when he came to my well &gt;&gt; and I could say like that woman said that if you could ever get a drink of this water, &gt;&gt; you'll never thirst again. In fact, Jesus said he not only give you a drink, he said that he that believeth on me out of his belly shall flow a river &gt;&gt; of living water. &gt;&gt; Amen. In other words, when you get thirsty, you don't have to run back to the well, don't have to run back to youth camp. You have within yourself a source of life and strength. Amen. That's where we're standing tonight. We're not standing on an emotion. We're not standing on a feeling. Amen. But it's a faith down in your soul that has made a contact with God. Amen. How many believe he's here tonight? How many recognize his presence? Amen. It's on a much deeper level than we feel that he's here. Amen. We know that he's here. We recognize that he's here. We believe that he's here. It's revealed to us that he's here by the message of the hour. So, so grateful for the ministry of the word tonight, for the moving of the spirit. Amen. He's here. And if you recognize that he's here, as brother Andrew said as he quoted, Amen. then it's it's it's bringing the power of his presence on the scene for you. Brother Brano said, "I believe tonight he said that the Holy Spirit is here. It's here for those who are destined to receive it." &gt;&gt; Who that believes it, who's waiting on it. &gt;&gt; It's here to straighten out every one of them spiritual problems. &gt;&gt; It's here to heal every sick person that's present. It's here, but you've got to come and get in the atmosphere of it and the attitude to receive it. You got to come not in emotional workup, but you got to come on the basis of believing a promise that God made. Amen. Some of you been to this camp 5 years now. You know where we stand. Amen. Nobody's going to take this pulpit and attack you for your enthusiasm. Amen. For an emotional praise. Amen. For for expressing your heart to God. Amen. But but listen, what we're saying is that behind all of this bubbling, there's a well. &gt;&gt; There's a well. He said, "And you come on the basis of believing a promise that God made. That's what does it." Amen. Amen. Maybe there's somebody here. You know how it is sometimes on the first night of a meeting and you you just come with a little bit of that coldness on you. Struggle a little bit to enter in and then the devil comes to your mind. He's got you all anxious, all nervous. &gt;&gt; Isn't that how he works? &gt;&gt; Say, "Oh, you know, you're not going to get anything. Oh, you're not feeling what that one's feeling or acting like that one's acting. Listen, friends, put that aside tonight. Put it to the side. Say, "Lord, I recognize your presence. I don't care if I feel a thing. I recognize my opportunity, and I'm here to get a drink. I'm not going to turn down my opportunity, Lord. I believe your word. I'm here to receive what I came to camp to receive. And I've taken a hold of it by faith, not by sensation." Amen. Amen. You approach You approach God with that kind of an attitude this weekend. That's the kind of mental attitude that'll bring every promise of God to pass. Amen. How many going to seize that opportunity? God bless you tonight. Amen. There's going to be a snack shack behind the auditorium here uh selling refreshments staffed by the campground staff here tonight. Uh we'll meet next uh just for announcements and things at morning assembly 9:30. Your dorm leaders will fill you in on that. God bless you as you're dismissed. Amen. As we worship the Lord. My hallelujah belongs to you. [Music] My hallelujah belongs to you. [Laughter] [Music] My hallelu belongs to you. My hallelu belongs to you. My hallelujah. Yes. My hallelu belongs to you. [Music] My hallelu belongs to you. Oh Lord. Yes. My hallelu belongs to you. It all belongs to you, Lord. Hallelujah. To you. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. [Music] You deserve it. You deserve it. Oh my hallelujah. My hallelu belongs to you. We worship you. My hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Jesus. My holy my hallelujah belongs to you. You deserve it. You deserve it. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You deserve it. Thank you. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. [Applause] All of the glory belongs to you. All the glory is belongs to you. All the glory.
