################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-13 - ‘Spiritual Ambition Pt 3’ - Bro. Wayne Lawson (Sun 7/13/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-13
Title:   ‘Spiritual Ambition Pt 3’ - Bro. Wayne Lawson (Sun 7/13/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ocY8U0OTFQ
========================================

Our God reign. [Applause] Yes. Our God. Oh, [Music] God. Oh, God. Great. [Music] How lovely on the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news. [Music] You announcing peace proclaiming you happiness. [Music] Oh our God. Amen. Our God reigns. are God. Oh God. [Music] Yes. Our God. [Music] Our God. Who are not he? [Music] He had no state leave for. He had no majesty [Music] that we should be. drawn to him. Oh, he was despised. He was despised. And we took no account of him. Yet now he reigns with the most high. [Applause] Oh our God praise. Our God praise. Oh yes. Our God praise. All God. Our God. [Music] It was our sin. Oh my. And guilt that bruised and wounded him. It was our sin [Music] that brought him down. When we like she &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Our shepher came [Music] and on his shoulders he bore our shame. Oh our God reign. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes, he does. Oh, our God. Our God, our God, meek as a lamb that's led out to the slaughter house. Come as the sheep [Applause] before it [Music] is life. Oh yes. Oh, upon the ground like pouring rain that we might be. Oh, born again. Born again. Sing that last verse. Last verse. Oh, out from the tomb. Thank God. Oh, he came with grace and majesty. He is alive. [Applause] Oh yes, he is alive. God loves us. So see here his hands is he. [Music] Yes we know. Yes we know he is alive. [Music] He is alive. Oh yes. He is alive. He is alive. He is alive. He is alive. He is the He is He is alive. He is alive. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. He is our He is our reigning king this morning, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. He is alive. Amen. He's alive and well this morning. Amen. Sitting at the right hand of God in supreme power. Amen. He is alive. Amen. It is a a beautiful morning to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And to see his wonderful grace as it comes. We've been uh been thinking much about uh the service this morning and there's things upon our heart and I I certainly believe that we have a an issue in this age and a mandate. Amen. That we would uphold the great name of Jesus Christ and and that we would worship him and serve him as children of his great kingdom. Amen. And as we're thinking of it this morning of the great grace that he'd given us and I just want to play that little portion of tape this morning just uh maybe just to put into your hearts and mind some of the things that you know I think it was so amazing uh as a prophet was speaking these things years ago and people were catching even there in New York you can hear it uh in the background you can hear the people really catching what he's really saying to the people is that there is an existence of a kingdom Amen. Where Jesus is king. Amen. And he's certainly he's certainly that for us this morning. Amen. Uh if we could today, you know, I just just listening to this tape this morning. The Messiah uh was listening to it quite a bit yesterday. And in that tape, Brother Brandham says something. It's just it's just remarkable. Uh he's talking about in Mark 16 when Jesus said, "They shall lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover." He said, 'You know, they put that to the test the other day. And he said there was a man sick in the and he said, uh, a believer laid their hands upon them and began to sincerely pray and said they they caught on the X-ray a light leaving that man's body and going into the one he was praying for. And they caught it on the X-ray. And brother Bram said, "See, the Bible knew what it was talking about because when you got saved, God took your cosmic light." And Brother Bram says it was changed to eternal light. &gt;&gt; And now that light lives inside every believer &gt;&gt; this morning. Amen. You You may not recognize it, but you have a great a great authority. You carry a great light within you that this dark world needs and and brethren need it and your sisters need it and the other citizens and and sometimes, you know, just as we would bow our hearts this morning in prayer, I wonder with that knowledge, would you just reach over and put your hand on someone and pray for them this morning? Maybe there's a special need in their life, a a need of touch, a healing, a deliverance, maybe an answer, an encouragement, something they need from the Lord. Amen. Let's pray together. Father, Lord, as we lay our hands one on the other, your prophet was eyes, Lord, and he helped us to see another realm. That we understand this morning that there is a power. There's a power that you put in every believer, Lord, and that light running one from another this morning, agreeing. You said it in your Bible, Lord, that if any two would agree upon one thing. And I'm asking this morning, Lord, as these believers begin to pray, may the power of your light, may it push away every dark feeling. May it push away every dark spirit, Lord. every spirit of infirmity, Lord. Every bondage, Lord, everything the enemy would do to hinder, I pray, Lord, this morning that may that great light begin to press it away from your child this morning, Lord, as they lay hands one on the other, believing, Lord, that prayer changes things, that prayer makes a difference, Lord. And we're asking you now, invoking the greatest power we know of, Lord. And we're asking now, Lord, that changes would begin to happen, Lord, as we issue this in the spirit realm, in the name of Jesus Christ. We ask you, Lord, that now as you have commissioned us to stand here today and to speak the things which you have placed in your word. I pray that that great anointing would come and take a hold of us, Lord, that you would set the man aside and that you would minister to the need of this assembly. And Lord, that you would speak to their hearts from the youngest and the and the weakest of the Christian, Lord, to the elder and to the strong one. Father, may you strengthen and courage. May you heal them, Lord. May you anoint them, Lord. Bring joy and gladness and peace, Lord, as your word has made great promises to these people. Now, Father, we invite you now to take a hold of this this meeting, Lord, and lift it in the power of your word. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And and God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, let's go to the sacred word of God and and read uh the word this morning. There's something here in Matthew 6 and 33. I just want to read this verse. I'll also read Colossians 3 verse 1 and two. I didn't give that to you, but I'm going to read Colossians 1 uh 3:es 1 and 2. Ma Matthew 6 and verse 33. This is the words of our Lord Jesus. Matthew 6 and33. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Let's look in Colossians chapter 3 verses 1 and two. Colossians 3:es 1 and two. Now if you then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. And I've always loved this scripture. Set your affection. That means it's changeable. It means you can take it from one thing and you can set it on a different thing. Set your affection on things above, not on the things of this earth. May God bless the reading this morning as you be seated. Amen. I I certainly uh believe uh uh in his mercy, his grace. I want to maybe if I could just take one more uh thought of of this today in this area. Um I keep thinking it's the last one then inspiration. So uh but I'm going to speak to you again this morning on spiritual ambition. This would be uh the third part of this uh on spiritual ambition. And uh I I want to read here again from Eagle Stare at his nest. Brother Bram said, "The church of the living God is built on high ambition." The church of the living God is built on high ambitions. And when I hear of a church that hasn't got any ambition to grow, there's something wrong with that church. The church of the living God is built on high ambitions. And and and I'll just take this little segment. He says, "Its ambitions is high. Its anticipations is high. its expectations is high because it's built high. Amen. I I certainly believe that the the ambition of the church of the living God is high ambition. I I I believe that God has set us on high ambitions and and that we we as a church uh I believe that we have ambition but as an individual we also have ambition and I don't want to look at it in the negative realm but rather also in the positive and and look at the ambition because our ambition is not just ambition but we have found out that there is expectations and expectations are those that are birthed out of promises. If I tell you I'm going to do something, you have every right to expect what I promised you you can have. And when God made promises concerning the church, then those promises have now become our expectations. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so we uh we we definitely have expectations or ultimate goals and those goals are coming from the word of God. Now, if you're going to have a goal and you're going to have an ambition, amen, there's going to have to come dedication. there is uh laying aside things. There are things that won't go along with what it is that you're wanting to achieve. So you have to make uh decisions and those decisions are based on uh I want to do this so I'm not going to be able to do this at the same time. So you have to choose the value of what you're placing on that goal. So a real spiritual ambition is something that you're willing to give up things so that you're able to achieve a certain thing. Uh and and I I think it's amazing because uh when you think about real ambition and and you want to do something, you're going to have to learn uh some some things that the prophet taught on very strongly like perseverance. meaning that you don't hold it until the first trouble comes, but you hold it even when trouble comes or whenever there is frustration or uh there's a there's there's something that is an opposition to what it is you're desiring to do that you have to be able to persevere through that. And you know, I you often look in the scripture and I think it's amazing when the woman with the issue of the blood, you know, Amen. she had to press through the crowds and sometimes uh you got to press through when things are not comfortable to you. When you some people say, "Well, I don't like Brooks, brother Wayne. I don't really." But see, you have an ambition and sometimes that ambition makes you press through a crowd to get to a certain place. You know, a woman with a sick a daughter. She actually pressed through and and and she kept crying to the Lord and she was wanting to touch him. She's needing something from him. And when he turned to look at her, Amen. finally, he didn't he didn't talk to her a while, but when she finally got his attention, even then, he called her a dog. Amen. And but she was so set on what it was she wanted, she couldn't be offended by him. But she just agreed with the word and said, "Lord, yes, I'm a dog, but even dogs get the crumbs from the master's table." So this was woman with ambition. She was somebody willing to overcome, to persevere, to get to the place that she was desiring to get. Amen. And and I think about this morning that that overcomers, and I I believe that's what I'm talking to today. I believe we're discussing uh overcomers and and their ambitions. And I love how brother Brandham will say things. He said then he said, "Brother Brandham, people say uh uh uh uh you know that we're waiting on Jesus to return." He said, "Actually, Jesus is waiting on us." &gt;&gt; He said, "You say, well, how could uh what could we do about that?" He said, "Well, the Bible said the hour has come when the bride has made herself ready." Amen. So, there is a there is a a duty of the church of the living God. Our part of the coming of the Lord is our getting ready. How many knows that Brother Bram said the only thing holding off the rapture is the readiness of the church. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we recognize then that we do have something to do that we have a duty. Amen. And that duty is brother Benam says is to get ready. That's right. See the bride hath made herself ready. The garments is paid for. They're ready. But you must be ready to wear those garments. Amen. Now and I'll read another Revelation chapter 4. Brother Bram says this, "When a Christian's first saved, he his face is turned towards Christ. And then he's got something to do himself." See, the next thing is to sanctify himself from all the unclean habits. He begins to lay aside every weight. He begins to make himself ready. See, the bride will make herself ready. Amen. I I love this. And he says it like this. See, there's going to be a meeting in the air. Now, he's going to give us a goal. There's going to be a meeting in the air one of these days in the sweet by and by. Just stay, Nick. Now, now just get ready, of course. But then you've got to stay ready. You got to keep yourself ready. You purge your heart from evil things. So, so we could say to ourselves, "Brother Wayne, I've already got ready." But Brother Ram said, "You got to stay ready." Amen. And And if it's a a day or it's a week or it's a year, amen, there's a bride ready waiting upon the coming of the Lord. I've often said it like this. Don't don't wait to get ready. Get ready and then wait on the on the on the meeting that's in the air. See, because right now I certainly believe brother Ma'am says in the marriage of the lamb, we know that these things are going to make up a bride. It's going to be the church and they're going to appear before him without spot or wrinkle and they have the material on earth now to make themselves ready. So somebody says, "Brother Wayne, what's it really mean to get ready?" He says, "You you got the material on earth now." Now, now it's amazing because you're going to be clothed in the word of this message. Amen. Y'all know that it's the rejection of this prophet is the dressing of this bride. The very rejection of the message of the hour. The reason brother Brandham was rejected was to produce a material for a bride so that she would be spotless and without wrinkle. He could have easily went away or went went along with denomination and the systems of the ages. And he could have personally excelled further in his ministry had he set aside the idea that he had a greater ambition than to build his own personal ministry or his own church or his own following. Do you'all know Brother Bram said he never even came to build a following? &gt;&gt; Do you know he said it? I never came to build a following. I never came to build an organization. He said, "I come to build powerhouses." Y'all remember that? Amen. And and and he said that his rejection is, amen, that he would clothe this bride. Amen. In the word so that the church could uh uh become spotless and without wrinkle. Amen. That they could be clothed themselves. Now, if you like to study in the masterpiece, you can go study it. But it's a powerful area. Brother said before she could be masterpiece bride, she had to have all the pieces. He said that's the reason I went out to Tucson. he said was to get that see from the material or the perfection of this church. We've got something to do and that's to overcome. Now we overcome by that message. In other words, there's a there is a a standard that we're looking to and that standard is the word of God. Now, somebody said, "Well, I tell you, according to the Lutheran, it's this way, and according to the Baptist, it's this way, and according to the secular church is this way." But see, if you're wanting to be that spotless bride that is found in the scriptures, there's only one message on the earth today that's going to prepare you for that s if you're wanting to overcome that you're going to make yourself ready to meet him. Amen. You can learn a lot from the book of Esther, can't you? Amen. That Esther was was one that understood, I only want whatever it is that is told me I need. Amen. Because see, people might want a lot of things, but it ain't what we want, it's what we need. Is that right? Amen. Brother Rams preaches on it a lot. He said, you know, uh maybe a young kid wants a certain thing, but they they don't they they want it, but they don't need it. And God knew what we needed, not what we wanted. Amen. And what we needed was a prophet of God. What we needed is a word of God that could prepare our lives. Amen. Amen. That's what really we need. We need the opening of the seven seals. We needed a filter that could wash us. Amen. Amen. And that's exactly what God sent us when he sent us this message. Amen. Because God is not intending to push you through a knot hole. Amen. God is not in intended to push us through and then pull us out on the other side. He said, uh, and then say, "Blessed is he that overcomemeth." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's not going to push you and pull you and then say, "Blessed is he that overcomemeth." He says, "See, you have nothing to overcome if he just pushed you through. But you got to make a decision for yourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. A decision for myself to show faith and respects to God. I love how he says that we got something. We got to make a decision. It's a clear-cut decision that we are going to live for God. We've got to make that decision ourselves. God can't do that for us. We have to do that ourselves. &gt;&gt; Now, now, Brother Brandham says, "See, Jesus then is waiting on this bride to make herself ready." Now, if we live in the age we're living in and you look back in the Old Testament and you see Joshua and Caleb and you watch them going into the Canaan land, many people like to type that as the millennium. Brother Ram said, "It's not the millennium." He said, "Because there won't be any war or death in the millennium." He said, "It is a type of the overcomer. It's the age of the overcomer." See, this is the age now of the overcomer. This is when your overcoming is done. I know. I know. We we we say it a lot like Lord I'm ready to go home. Amen. But you recognize he put you here. Amen. To overcome. &gt;&gt; That he literally put you here to overcome. He didn't put you here just so you can melt away and say, "Lord, I can't handle it no more. I'm just going to go home." He He put you here knowing that that the human race fell into time out of Eden as a defeated people. But when this bride returns back to glory, she will not return a defeated church. She will return a victorious church wearing the seven colored virtues of his character because she has stood the test. And brother, you know these quotes, brother said it clearly. He says, you see, he says, uh, only thing you're going to take from here is your character. &gt;&gt; So if you want to take a shortcut and get out of here so you don't have to go through no trials. Amen. Where are you going to get your character? Their only character is only brought out of the furnace of affliction. &gt;&gt; Kind of like going to an Indian. How many of you like Indian food? I I used to when I first went to India, only thing I knew about pork chops and and corn and mashed potatoes and gravy and homemade biscuits. I was a hill boy. And it and we had pork chops and we had homemade biscuits and gravy and then we had corn and then we had corn and then we had gravy and mashed potatoes and then we had fried chicken one night in a week maybe. I mean that was it, man. If it was lasagna or it's all mixed together couldn't take that. It was, you know, Amen. If it wasn't pork chop or fried chicken, forget it, man. That's just, you know, baked chicken, you don't mess it up, you know, you fry it. And but when I went to India, I I I just couldn't cuz everything's a soup and it they just hack it all together, you know, and they throw it all and boy, it was rough at first, but then I I started developing a little taste for it and I got to liking it. And one of my favorite things about the Indian foods, that naan bread. Y'all like that naan bread? &gt;&gt; At that if you hadn't had naan bread, you ain't living yet now. You got to get you some naan bread. But if you go to a restaurant uh you can go to even restaurants in India and they don't have naan bread. It the first question you don't have to ask do you have naan you can ask this question do you have tandoori oven because they they you can't get real naan without a tandoori oven. See they have an they take that bread and they throw it against the inside of that and that that cook you've been over there. That's where they get it. You got to have that tandoori oven. Amen. And you see that's the only place you can get real naan is out of that tandoori oven. &gt;&gt; And you know you'll never really get true character without the furnace of affliction. &gt;&gt; You'll never furnace of affliction is the only place that true character comes from. Amen. It it is where God shows a believer how to suffer. Amen. And that suffering then causes a character that the Bible says is as pure as gold. that it literally is more precious to you than your gold because it's character that is given to you out of the furnaces of affliction. Now, there is things that you've got to overcome and there are situations and I know some of you probably want maybe one of your overcoming it's one thing and to another person it's another thing but there's overcoming. &gt;&gt; As long as you're in this human body there's overcoming. Amen. Amen. And we find out that there are there are places, amen, that is an overcoming that later after you overcome it, you get to eat the sweetest honey you've ever eaten. Have you ever read the story of Samson when he was going along and the Bible said a young lion jumped out and and it was going to take him and the power of God struck him and he and he killed the lion and and and threw it aside the side where they were. And later he comes along. Amen. And and he went in and found that lion. And when he looked in there, there was a swarm of bees had come over and began to build a nest in there. And that honey was in the carcass of that line. And brother Ram said when they took it out of there, he said, "Oh my, that was sweet honey." He said, "But see it was something that Samson had killed by the power of God and it was the sweetest honey a man could ever eat." And he said, "So is it." Amen. When you get that place of overcoming after you get on the other side of it and you can sit around and tell somebody that testimony how you suffered so and how this situation come up you didn't know if you could ever get over it but all of a sudden you have a testimony you never had before that God could overcome a temper or God could overcome a feeling of of negativity or some kind of depression that was in your life and and and you faced it and you thought I'll never get past this but the spirit of God come in a meeting one day and just like that it was gone. Amen. Because you pressed and you held on until the spirit of God took it out of your life and then later you're telling somebody, "I didn't think I'd ever get over it, but I just kept believing and I just kept persevering. I just kept believing." And then God came over me one morning and it was gone. And you can tell it, brother, and you can eat it. You you you could that testimony. It just makes you feel so good. You know when the devil tells you you ain't saved and you ain't got the Holy Ghost, you know what you really need? You need to pick up the phone and tell somebody about the day you got the Holy Ghost. Tell them about the day that God filled your life and how it changed you and how that you was this way and now you're this way. I tell you, it'll feed that experience on the inside of you. You'll feel the honey and the person you're talking to. Amen. They'll they'll feel the charge of the anointing. Amen. I I just love a good old testimony. You know, it it shuts up the devil sometimes. &gt;&gt; A good old testimony. Y'all remember in the scripture when they dug the valleys full of ditches? Y'all remember that they took and dug the valley full of ditches and Elisha prophesied and said there won't be no storms and and there won't be no rain. He said, "But in the morning, these ditches will be full of water." &gt;&gt; Y'all remember that? And what that was about was that the waters that had been released in Moses's day was under that sand. And it was all still there. It's it's a good revelation. The spirit on the day of Pentecost, it's still here. But see, it had went down and there were so many things between the people, the army and the and the spirit that they had to dig through it. And that was Elisha's prophecy was dig through these things. And you'll hit solid rock in a minute. And when you get through it, you'll find out the spirit of God is still the same as it was on the day of Pentecost. And the Bible says that whenever they got done, God instructed them. He said, he said, "Go over there in the enemy's land and you fell every good tree and you take a rock and stop up every well of the enemy." And brother Brown picks that little story up and he said, "That's right. You take your rock of testimony and you go right into the enemy's camp and you put it right over that fountain, that whale, that one that says God don't heal." You put your testimony, Brother Guthrie. shut up that devil's whale and say, "Yeah, God does heal because he healed me." Amen. And and you can eat that honey, that sweetness of that testimony. Because you know God does heal. Somebody said, "I tell you what, God don't really deliver from temper." I tell you that he does. I tell you that God does deliver from temper. And if you've got a temper, don't you settle with just saying, "Amen. I'm just a bad mood or I I feel a little bad or he's a little grumpy." No, he ain't grumpy. He's got an old spirit on him and it's a devil. It's a temper thing. &gt;&gt; And if you let it go, it's a murdering spirit that came from the Bible. It said that Cain killed his brother Abel. That's a murdering devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. So why would you want to pack that thing around? &gt;&gt; Well, come on, preacher. Preach a little while. You know what it is? Amen. You You You know what it means to harbor a spirit? Y'all know what that means? To harbor a spirit means that you're giving safe passage and you're protecting a spirit so as that it can do damage. &gt;&gt; So don't you ever give place to a devil. Don't you give place. Don't you harbor some little grudge or some feeling that temper or anger has caused to come out because you your spirit you harbor that. Amen. And allow it. But that thing wants to kill your brother. &gt;&gt; You I'd never kill my brother. Brother Rem said, "When you mar the testimony of a brother, you might as well have took a knife and stabbed him when you destroyed his influence." &gt;&gt; But you see, God wouldn't cause a person to do that. It's some old spirit. But if you ever really get free of that spirit, you can stand on the street corner and tell the world, "God can deliver a man of temper. God can deliver a jealousy. God can give you." See, because you've got that overcoming in your life, and that's up to you to overcome. Some things it seems like they just move so quick. You ever noticed that? Brother Ray, you probably, you know, probably one of the oldest Christians in the building right here. He remembers when he first got saved. And some things they were just gone. But there was other things &gt;&gt; that you had to overcome it. &gt;&gt; You had to overcome it. Don't you think that becoming a Christian, a magic wand's going to come over you and all your troubles are going to go away. It's going to put out a nice little feather bed for you and you can come and lay down and and being a Christian. If you get that in your mind, you'll have the Holy Ghost and not even know you got it &gt;&gt; because you'll think, "What have I got this trouble for if I got the Holy Ghost?" Well, let me tell you that Holy Ghost was given to you to war against the things that is in this human nature that's in there from your daddy and from your mama and from the situations of your life. Amen. Listen, I I say this. Amen. Amen. Sometimes it seems like after you become a Christian, you got more battles than you had before you was a Christian. But you know why? It's because you got tired of going downstream and just floating and you turned around. Now you're going upstream and it's a battle. But brother, we're in it for the battle. We're not here just to play a game. But we're here to love God and to serve him despite the situations that happen in life. It's the sweetest honey that you have ever eat. comes out of the carcass of a lion that you killed. &gt;&gt; My sometimes God makes you overcome it, friends. &gt;&gt; He'll step back and say, "It's your turn now." Amen. You're going to have to You're going to have to hold on and push through this. Now, I'm not talking about salvation. I'm talking about your overcoming. &gt;&gt; The overcoming of your life. You My good might as well preach, haven't we? Since we drove all the way up here. you know, you got an old gossiping spirit going on and you and you got that spirit on you where you just can't wait, amen, to get off the phone, to get on the phone and tell somebody else, you know, and and just even if it's a prayer request, you know, amen, you you got to, well, pray for this brother or pray for this situation going on. You disguise it how you want to. &gt;&gt; But gossip is just gossip. Somebody asked me one time, Brad, they said, they said, "Brother Wayne, is it gossip if it's true?" [Music] I like that old as a kid, we watched that old Heihaw. I probably shouldn't tell it, but we wasn't going to church, but hey, they they had a little song they sang. Says, "We don't we don't repeat gossip, so you better listen close the first time. [Music] So, what you want? Hey y'all, it's it's the joy bell and it's his birthday today. God bless you, buddy. It really is his birthday. Happy birthday, buddy. You know, but but it's an overcoming. So sometimes you have to stop and go, why am I doing that? &gt;&gt; That is just horrible. &gt;&gt; So then you you you and you say, well, I'm not going to do that. And you start and and sometimes it takes an overcoming. &gt;&gt; It takes you it may take once. It may take twice. It may take a week. You might fall back into it another week, but then you're going to say, "I'm not giving up the battle." See, don't give up the battle of it just because you have to struggle against it. Amen. Because it's your overcoming. It's something, Brother Bam said, you got to do something God gave you to do. And I know that's odd coming from me cuz I'm always preaching the other side of this. Amen. But brother Bram said, "When I see uh that old old life that I once lived and and it's dead as all midnight, I tell you, I raise my hands and praise the Lord and eat the sweetest honey I ever ate in my life." &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Bam says it like that. He said, "Faith is a conqueror and faith is an overcomer. It isn't a peacemaker. It overcomes." See, it overcomes the world. What does that? It's its faith. See, see, to conquer means a victory. It's to conquer. It means to beat down. I like to beat that devil down. Don't you sometime just beat that thing down. He says to beat down. It's to override it. It's to handcuff it. Amen. It's to throw it into prison. It means the sin that once ruled you, you rule it now. &gt;&gt; My goodness, wouldn't that feel that thing that used to rule you? And I'll tell you this this morning. If something's ruling you, I'm giving you instructions right now how to rule it. &gt;&gt; How can I turn how do I turn the table? This is how you do it. You get an objective in God that I'm going to possess this land that God's gave me and I've got a right to do it. Amen. And then I can overcome it because faith is a victory that overcomes every curse of this devil. Amen. Brother Brham says when you get to climbing into God, you climb into there by power until you see the thing conquered under you. Then there is something that nothing can hurt you. Then you have overcome it. You've got 50 miles of elbow room. Amen. 50 miles of elbow room. Tell somebody, scoot over a little. I need some elbow room. I'm about to praise the Lord. Amen. I I've been suffering with something for for maybe two or three years of my life, but right now I feel like I could just break through that thing and I don't have to I don't have to suffer with it anymore. Listen, you suffering child. Amen. You have pressed the bottle, but get on the other side of it and you'll get some elbow room. You'll be able to move around and shout a little bit. Oh, give me some more of that honey. Amen. Let me let me get a mouthful of the glory of God. See, you got 50 miles of o elbow room. And I love how Brother Bam says it. And you've been a drunkard and a slave to whiskey. You'll be a master over it. Then that old devil of alcohol that made you drink, he was your master, but you're his master now. When you get faith, I don't mean make believe. He says it becomes your servant. If you can't lay down that tobacco, you women and men, when it comes to a place where you can get to that spot to where you overcome it by faith, you'll master it then. And I I love his I love his concept that what once masters you, you begin to master it. &gt;&gt; Amen. I in Isaiah chapter 14, you watch Isaiah speaking and he's prophesying concerning the Israelites that have been under the Chaladans. And now he said, "For the Lord will have mercy upon Jacob, and he will choose Israel and set them in their own land, and the strangers shall be joined with him, and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob, and the people shall take them and bring them to their places, and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the Lord for servants and handmaidadens, and they shall take them captives whose captives they were, and they shall rule over their oppressors." I just love that they shall rule over their oppressors. The thing that had you captive, I tell you this morning, you have got every authority of almighty God to take that thing captive and place it under your foot. That's what that's what Paul taught. He said, "Take captive every imagination even of evil and cast it down where that thing that once ruled you, now you are ruling over it." Rulers, you can become a ruler right here this morning. take that thing because most of the things that is oppressing you, Amen, isn't even physical, is it? It's something that's in your mind or something that's in your spirit. So if you could, if it's not something physical, couldn't it change right here, even in the building right now, if you could get faith that God has caused this, amen, to believe, Amen. You you you see, Brother Bam is showing you when you begin to rule it, you get down to business. Y'all know what that means? Get down to business. and get down to business with God. &gt;&gt; That means the playing's over. &gt;&gt; Get down to business. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham in faith is our victory. He brings up a woman. He and she's sitting present. Bless her heart. He said she's sitting present right here now. And she come up to this altar time after time. a good woman, but she started smoking a long time ago and she just couldn't overcome that. Now he says smoking, let now why don't you put yours in there and just just just forget the smoking part and put put your put your overcoming problem there &gt;&gt; and look what he says. And she would come up time after time and then I would pray with her but it seemed like she couldn't overcome it. And the first thing you know, I told her, "There'll be danger down the road." She said, "Brother Brandham, I have cried and I have begged." You see, emotional is just fighting the air. &gt;&gt; It won't do any good. &gt;&gt; I I I I'd get down and pray with her. Now, this is a prophet. I would get down and pray with her and lay hands on her, and she'd go back in a few days and I'd meet her and she'd just knock you down with cigarette smoke. He said, "But one night down yonder, she went to a doctor to get sick, begin to get sick and wither away and that little spinly thing." And the doctor looked into her and said, "Cancer, smoking cigarettes." There she was laying there to die. Then she got down to business. &gt;&gt; See, a drowning man will reach for a straw. As long as you can walk out of this church tonight and know that you can join the Methodist or the Baptist, as long as you can sit in here and say, "Well, I'm a pretty good person. There's nothing wrong with me." See, you can't do nothing with you. &gt;&gt; As long as you can say, "Brother Wayne, I'm okay like I am. I don't I don't need any help. I He said, "See, there's nothing I can do with you." &gt;&gt; He said, "But when you see your sins as God sees them, When you see it like, well, it was just a little temper fit. God says it's murder. &gt;&gt; It was just a little look, God says it's adultery. &gt;&gt; It He sees it differently than you see it. &gt;&gt; And Brother Bam says when you see your sin as God sees it. &gt;&gt; He said in the light of this Bible, then you'll repent or perish. Something's going to take place. Then you'll get down to business. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Brandham says it uh and I I love how he says it. He said, "Now, uh he says,"Now, what is it?" It's faith that overcomes. Why didn't it overcome when I was praying for her? &gt;&gt; This is a prophet. This is a word prophet. &gt;&gt; Why didn't she overcome when I was praying for her? Why would it did I pray with her and she just go back and come and go back and come? Why was it? And brother Bam says, "I was praying for her." It was because she was just fluttering around. &gt;&gt; But when the doctor says you got cancer, she got down to business. &gt;&gt; That's right. See, you got to get down to business with God. Amen. We can we can pray with you till we're blue in the face, but if you're just fluttered around, if you're if you're if you're not serious, if you're not seeing it as a real problem, if you if you see gossip as just a little problem, you'll never get over it. If you see lust and pornography as just a little problem, you're never going to get over it. If you see temper fits as a little pride, you're never going to get over it. If you see impatience and selfishness and jealousy as just a little, well, I wear a long dress. Amen. I got long hair. It don't matter if I am the most jealous person that ever lived. See, see, I'm a good person. I fit the standards. Amen. But what about the standards of character? &gt;&gt; What about the character of Jesus Christ that's supposed to be exemplified in the age we're living in? &gt;&gt; Amen. See, then when you start looking at that, I I told a brother one time, I used to travel a lot, you know, and I preached to a lot of preachers as much as I did to congregations, and me and brother was talking. He said, "Brother Wayne," he said, "It don't even seem like I need an altar in my church anymore." And I said, "If you're just teaching, you're never going to need one. &gt;&gt; As long as you're just teaching, you're talking about the blood and grace, you probably never even going to need an altar. But if you ever start taking the character of Jesus Christ, and we have to compare ourselves with that character, brother, we're going to need an altar. And the altar is not something just to get saved at. It's something to die at. &gt;&gt; Do you see that? Amen. Is somewhere to die. Do y'all believe in dying? Amen. I believe dying is worship. &gt;&gt; I I certainly believe that when David was sacrificing all them bulocks in front of the in front of the uh the ark that was coming. The Bible said David was dancing before the Lord, but he also was slaying bullocks every six steps because see there is worship and death. Amen. And when we begin to die, that's really when we begin to worship God. Because true worship is letting the word come into our lives and something's got to die to make room. &gt;&gt; We got to make room. Amen. That the Holy Spirit can move in our lives. Amen. Getting down to business with God. See, getting to that place where we're ready to die out. You know, Brother Bam said, "I want some death sounds in the church." &gt;&gt; Y'all know that, right? He said, "We need death sounds in the church." Like that first sound. He said when Abel's lamb was dying, he said, "Listen to the bleeding of that lamb." He said, "When our lamb was dying at Calvary, he be to speak with other tongues." Amen. He was dying on the cross. And I believe the church has got a place to die to tonight and this morning. Sometimes when you're dying out, sure you cry out in tongues. Sure, you find a language that you're not able to. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you don't have the language you need to talk to God. That's Romans 8. The Bible said he giveth you utterance. &gt;&gt; The spirit helps you. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Now, now, now you get down to business. What it means is live or die, sink or swim. This I'm I'm going to I'm going to get by this point in my life. &gt;&gt; Now, when you start seeing it the way God sees it, now you're understanding that God made you to be free. &gt;&gt; He made you to live in liberty. God never intended for his believers to live bound by some kind of spirit. &gt;&gt; Now, now when when you see this, you understand Brother Bam's great uh a great love for this man Arnold von Winkl who who who gave his life for Switzerland. Y'all remember? &gt;&gt; Amen. He was a he was a great he was a great warrior and and and Switzerland was coming where they was facing an army that was going to take away their liberties. And this man went out and looked and saw what was coming. He says, "There's no way we can defeat this army. There's just no way that this army is going to get defeated because they had these great big long spears." And and and they would they would be able to spear the men before they ever got amen to the place. There's no way to break through their ranks. They couldn't even get within 10 or 12 feet of them, let alone break through their ranks. But this Arnavon Winkl, he's he just rises up for Switzerland. the army of farmers behind him. He he he pep talks them. Said, "Everybody get something in your hand. I don't care if you're a warrior or a farmer, you can fight because we're going to fight for liberty." And he makes this grace announcement. He said, "Today, I give my life for Switzerland." &gt;&gt; And I just I just love his story. Amen. I give my life for Switzerland. I give my life for my children. I give my life for my wife. Amen. You go tell my you go tell my family I love them. But this day, I'll give my life that they might experience freedom, that they might maintain and keep the freedom that God has given them. Amen. And I think of when when brother Ram said when Arnold run in there, I've looked at videos and pictures and and and and imageries that they have made. And you can see a man running into the into the thick of spears. And he reaches out as wide as his arms will go and he gets an arm load of those spears and brings them into him so that they can't withdraw them. And while he's holding their spears in his body, Amen. his men are running around him through the lines of the enemy. Amen. And we have seen our Lord Jesus do that at Calvary. But 2,000 years later, traditions and ideas of man come to bind the church. And here comes a prophet of God that stands right in the middle of traditions. He reaches and gets them and draws them and said, "Go around me, boys. Here's a hole. Here's a hole. Amen. Make way for liberty. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you this morning and as a pastor and man, I have the same objection in my life. I'm not here to fight against other churches. &gt;&gt; God help us that we never get that old devil on us here. We're not here to straighten up every church in the planet and every pastor and make sure they're doing it right here and make sure they're doing it right here. Some people may feel they have a global ministry to correct the whole world. I believe that I'm a pastor to a local assembly. Amen. And I pray that we affect the whole world through what God sends out of here. But when you start believing that you're some apostle or some bishop, &gt;&gt; brother Bam said it's the spotting of humanism in the true vine. Amen. It's not from the Lord &gt;&gt; because we are to have liberty as an assembly to sing the songs we want, to preach the song, the sermons we preach, to shout or to worship. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Amen. And that's why we stand as a sovereign body this morning. And and I know our ministering brother goes other places and things. Amen. Brethren, don't never go to another church and think we are to operate like they do here. Okay. Amen. We're going to operate this church the way the Holy Spirit instructs us from the message of the hour. I say make way for liberty. We're not standing against somebody. We're not standing against a bunch of people. We're standing for liberty that is coming to the age we're living in that the presence of God might have some liberty for the church. &gt;&gt; The prophet of God said that's when you become an invincible army. &gt;&gt; That's when you become an invincible army. When you know what you stand for. &gt;&gt; And and and I believe we do. I believe we know what we stand for. &gt;&gt; I certainly believe this. I I I stand for something. I'm not just stand against. years ago, it struck my heart when I was studying in the church age book and I saw that the greatest battles and the greatest uh fights and the and the greatest victories of small armies against great armies was when they stood for something. &gt;&gt; They wasn't out on the attack against others, &gt;&gt; but they stood strong for what they believed. And and you see when you stand for something there's always going to be someone well you know you're attacking or you're hitting or you're doing and it's no it's just that there's a resistance to the idea that this church ought to be operated through another assembly or another person or another bishop. Right. &gt;&gt; See that that that it has to be held open for the word of God as a Messiah &gt;&gt; because we are not a part of another ministries's kingdom. &gt;&gt; We are a part of the kingdom of the almighty God. And that kingdom is a kingdom of free men born under the power of God that has liberty to love God. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed of this gospel. this gospel of the resurrection. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed of the gospel that that the power of God can walk up and down these aisles and deal with hearts. I'm not ashamed. I'm not ashamed of the word that's been given to us in grace in this hour. I'm not ashamed of the name William Brandom. Can you put that picture up? I'm not ashamed of that name. And and and I I I want to be able to quote that name freely from this church. I &gt;&gt; I don't I don't want to never see an atmosphere enter our church where our brothers get fearful of quoting a prophet or preaching what he said. Amen. Because we recognize who he is. &gt;&gt; Somebody else might not understand or might not recognize, but we know, we understand. And that that that man of course was the seventh angel. He was a prophet from God. But the preachers that we have, that's not about that man. It's above the fire. that's above that man because we believe that that's the same light that led the children of Israel out and then and brought them out under Moses and put them in that promised land. I believe that pillar of fire returned under a prophetic message. And I stand for the idea that that pillar of fire is just as real this morning as it was the night that they took it. And we have invited him. We have invited him to be the chief and head of this local assembly. That he would come and lead us. That he would lead the church in power and in resurrection. That he would make us ready. He would prepare us. Amen. And Exodus people of God. Amen. You see, I'm not ashamed of that. I'm not ashamed of the experience that he taught. I'm not ashamed of his doctrines of serpent seed and water baptism because of the doctrines of Apostle Paul before they were doctrines of William Brandham. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed of this. I stand for that. I stand for his message. I stand for his experiences. I stand for the belief of angels and the power of God and the pillar of fire and the realities of this message. I stand for that because I'm a Christian. &gt;&gt; Before I'm a preacher, I'm a Christian. Before I'm a church member, I'm a Christian. And this ministry has supplied a Christian with the most evidence in the history of the world that Jesus Christ is not dead. He's not in a tomb in Israel. He is alive this morning. He resurrected from the dead. And this message has proven that beyond infallible proofs. If I had to take it to a jury this morning, I say this. There's enough evidence in these books and tapes that we could overemphasize to prove the infallibility of the resurrection of Jesus Christ as a healer, as a deliverer, as a counselor, as a leader, as a guide, as an interpreter of his word, as a manifesttor of his gifts. He is the same Jesus that met Amen. Melazdc that met Abraham, that that the light that met Paul. He's that same Jesus. And I'm a Christian. And I am not ashamed of being a Christian. &gt;&gt; You've heard brother Bam say it. I'm an American. Well, I'm also a Christian. &gt;&gt; Not just an American. I'm also a Christian. Amen. And you know, as a Christian, I'm not ashamed of this. And brother Bam said, are you ashamed of the full gospel? Are you ashamed of that Pentecostal experience? Then you're ashamed of his word. &gt;&gt; Do you see? Brother Bam said, "I'm not a Pentecostal." He said, "But I I do have a Pentecostal experience &gt;&gt; because it's not a denomination, &gt;&gt; right? What she stands for." Amen. We need some ministers. Brother Brandham said it. We need ministers. &gt;&gt; Right. We need ministers. I believe. Don't y'all believe that? We &gt;&gt; We need some preachers, don't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. You might want to throw eggs at him right now, but you still need a preacher. &gt;&gt; We need preachers. Yes, &gt;&gt; there's an entire movement right now &gt;&gt; that is trying to do away with ministering gifts. &gt;&gt; To be a true bride, you have to listen to tapes at the same time as other places listen to tapes. Can you imagine? &gt;&gt; Can you imagine an organization being built in the name of William Brandom? So, Brother Wayne, are you again? No, I'm for the liberty of this church. &gt;&gt; Do you see? We're for the liberty of this assembly. &gt;&gt; Amen. You You see? And we need ministers to preach the gospel and bring the church back to a Pentecostal again. Bring it back to an eagle experience. That's what the church needs. We don't want to be chickens. &gt;&gt; We want to be eagles. And I believe we need an experience with God to be to be a real eagle. We need an experience. Brother said, "You cannot receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost without an experience when it happens." &gt;&gt; Y'all believe that? &gt;&gt; I think I'm probably preaching to the choir, ain't I? Amen. You you you you you cannot without an experience. If you believe every speck of this word and you believe every speck of it, that word is laying there waiting for the Holy Spirit to put it to work. I I'll just take the bottom of the quote. until the Holy Spirit gives an a fiery experience comes down and lights that candle, you haven't received the Holy Ghost. You've got to have an experience to have the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Wayne, are are you know, you got these ambitions. I I do have ambitions and I I I I tell you the am one of the great ambitions of my heart is that every young person in this building will have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; I pray often, Amen, that God will make sure that every young person that is in this church, Amen, has the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It is the token for you to go into the rapture. &gt;&gt; I I I would like you all to have a good car. I'd like you all to have money and a good house. But above every bit of that, I pray that you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I pray that I never become neglect. Amen. to preach the realities of this message that would produce a birth in our young people something that could bring an atmosphere to produce a Holy Ghost experience. Brother Bram says, "Amen. A question. Do your children have to have an experience with the Holy Ghost if they see the end time message?" You see that devil started all the way back there? If you just believe the message, then you got your experience. Brother Bams asked the question, "Is that true?" He said, "Everyone must have an experience. Your children cannot go in any other way but the same way you do. They got to be born again. There's no grandchildren in the kingdom of God. They're all children. They must have it. They must have an experience with God the same as you got an experience with God. You broke out of your shell and they got to break out of their shell. &gt;&gt; And you can't really do it for them. They have got to do it themselves. Amen. They've got to believe. Sometimes you're going to have to put up with preaching that's that's below where you are in the stage of life. &gt;&gt; You're going to have to hear sermons preached that's not going to be the sermon. Amen. That's specifically for the stage that you're living in. But you know, I think of the beauty of a of a chicken trying to get out of an egg. Little little baby. Brother said everything I needed was in the egg. He said, "But watch. But mama ain't got the one job." Amen. She ain't trying to get out of the egg, but she is producing an atmosphere. And some days even she just sits there. But listen, brother, her sitting there has got something to do with the birth of that child. Amen. And you may feel like, "Oh, I'm just sitting church. That's all I do. I come and sit in church when I say thank God for you cuz I need you. I need you to produce an atmosphere that we could get a birth in the house of God. You can't break their eggs, but you can get a you can get an atmosphere of receiving, an atmosphere of believing, an atmosphere of truth that is conducive to a birth. It's the atmosphere that does it. &gt;&gt; Come on. It's the atmosphere that does it. You can't do anything if you don't have atmosphere. Ambition. I have an ambition to have an atmosphere that's so powerful in this church that healings will take place before we ever lay hands on them. I have an ambition that people will receive the Holy Ghost as it was when Peter yet spake these words. Not a hand laid on them, not an altar, but the power of God so real that it'll ignite whatever's on the inside of them. I got an ambition that God would take over every element of this service and the atmosphere will become so rich and so real. &gt;&gt; Woo! Glory. We got to have an atmosphere. Brother Bam says to brings results, it brings results. &gt;&gt; How many knows Brother Bam believed atmosphere is what brings results? &gt;&gt; He preached it several times. But he said, "You get the atmosphere right." And every man and woman in this building this morning, boy or girl, you get everything from their minds but the Lord Jesus. and believe they're standing present right now and you'll see something happening that'll cause headlines in the newspapers &gt;&gt; because it's the atmosphere. &gt;&gt; The atmosphere is what brings the miraculous. &gt;&gt; You see, amen. Your part of that is maybe you don't need a miracle. Maybe you don't need a birth. Maybe you don't need a healing. You're just you're here worshiping the Lord. Don't you discount that. Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't you listen. Had he write her boys, Amen. Look at what's going on there. How did Hadtie ever think an Amen would bring salvation, but it created an atmosphere where the third pull could be enacted right there. And I tell you this morning, I say bring on the amen. Bring it on in the right place and let the Holy Spirit ignite the atmosphere where God can get a hold of lives. I believe it. I believe in the atmosphere of the miraculous. I believe in an atmosphere of faith where it's I don't want to I don't want to get in the place where it's an odd thing to believe for healing. &gt;&gt; Wouldn't it be something to start telling somebody you're believing for a healing and they look at you funny? &gt;&gt; This ought to be a place where people hear that testimony, you know, and say, I I've said it a lot. And the reason I'll say this, Brother Tyler, sometimes God don't reveal to me what's going to happen to a person. Sometimes I don't know what's going to be their future or whether they will be healed or whether they won't be healed. But then they'll say to me, "Brother Wayne, hey man, I have a I have a I have a a revelation. God has healed me." And brother Mike, every one of them, I'll say this. Now, according to the word of God, I'll stand on that with you. I'll agree with that on you because I don't know, but the word of God says you're healed. Then you got a right to testify you're healed. and we'll stand with you that you're healed because it's an atmosphere of believing. It's not an atmosphere of criticism or the atmosphere I I pray that we never get in those kinds of atmospheres of of comparisons. Amen. But, you know, but an atmosphere of grace, an atmosphere where the Holy Spirit can brood over the church. And brother Bam says, you let them get under that atmosphere and they're bound to recognize who their father is. Now, I believe I believe that that sometimes we get in those atmospheres and things change. Brother Barham says it very clearly. He said, "I want an experience, but I want an experience that matches the Bible." &gt;&gt; That's the kind. He says, "Matching time." He said, "You ever he said everybody's worried about if your coat matches your trousers." He said, "I really don't care. I I don't think he did." &gt;&gt; Amen. He didn't care if his coat matched his trousers. Amen. But you know what he did care about? That his experience matched the scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. A scriptural experience. And that's the kind of experience we want. &gt;&gt; I don't believe that we would have to accept a substitute. &gt;&gt; Isn't that amazing? I I don't believe in this message that we would have to settle for a substitute of just emotions. &gt;&gt; I don't believe it. I don't believe that we would just have to settle. We had some emotion so we we we were there. I I don't believe that's a settlement. I don't believe that's where we have to settle. &gt;&gt; I don't believe that we could have a little sensation or a little goosebump and then we that oh that's we got it that I don't think we have to take that kind of substitute. &gt;&gt; There's a there's a United Church out there in the world, a Pentecostal group, and they got the evidence speaking in tongues as the Holy Ghost. See, they settled for a substitute instead of getting the real thing. &gt;&gt; And and I talked to him one time. I was down in there was a big convention going on in Florida, and the one of the head guys were staying in the same hotel I was, and he told me they were having that convention. I got to talking to him, and I said, "Now that thing y'all got on the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost's tongues." I said, "How's that working out now that you have all these bilingual people?" He said, "You called it." He said, "We are having trouble right now because you've taught people if they talk in a different language, they got the Holy Ghost. Well, what if they know seven languages? &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, then you've you've you've allowed a substitute to take the place of a reality. See, we we're not going to settle with emotion or we're not going to settle with, well, I believe this doctrine. We can't settle with, well, I joined this church. I belong to this group. See, there's no need to settle. Amen. Because the skies are full of the real. &gt;&gt; There is a reality. Now, somebody says, "Well, I'll tell you, brother Wayne, you know, we can just settle for the most." We don't have to settle for emotion, &gt;&gt; but there's plenty of emotion in it. &gt;&gt; Did you see that? You don't have to settle for that as a substitute because you can have the real and you can have the emotion. &gt;&gt; I love I I was just listening to brother Bradom yesterday. What does it take to overcome all unbelief? And it actually originally was titled faith is our victory. So, there's two of them, but I love how he says it. He said, "I believe I believe that I believe the Holy Spirit has plenty of motion and anything that that that I can prove to you. Anything that isn't hasn't got life in it and it's dead." &gt;&gt; So, if the church ain't got a little life, there's something wrong with that church. It needs a resurrection. &gt;&gt; Amen. I need I pray God give us resurrection power. &gt;&gt; I pray life. Amen. Amen. I I love how Brother Brown does it. He says He says, "I see." He said, "We're down on the basketball floor." He said, "Many people, their children here go to school and I thank God for beautiful schools." He says, "And uh I see it was an auditorium." He said, "I've been in there many times." He said, "But if you had a basketball there," he said, "you had a team that was winning." And he said, "And you just sat there in the balcony." He said, "Well, Amen." Oh, well. He says, "That would be the deadest game he ever attended." He said, "Well, our master's winning a fight, and I tell you, if we could do a little cutting up once in a while, you know, let him know we appreciate the victory &gt;&gt; he's give us." That's right. We don't want a dead meeting. We don't want a dead church. We want it alive with the spirit of God is moving. A real sensible, sane gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just performing great signs and miracles of the Messiah. Do you see God? Amen. there there would be no reason for us to substitute the real for something that's partial because you know amen you see they take things and make evidences of them but we don't have to settle for those we literally can continue in to the things of the Lord you see the Bible tells us that God forneew us &gt;&gt; right he forneew us and he also did predestinate us &gt;&gt; and that predestin ation is to be conformed unto the image of the son. So there is a direction of your life. &gt;&gt; It's to become Christlike to be conformed into the image of Christ. We have a purpose a conformity to Christ that that we would become in our spirit like Christ is in his. &gt;&gt; Now now here's the thing. The work of that great Holy Spirit, Amen, it comes it comes to perfect. it comes uh uh to uh uh uh to conform, to change, to help. Now, I love how Brother Brandham says it. Church membership's all right. I ain't got nothing against it. But, brother, to be a Christian means to be conformed into the image of Christ. &gt;&gt; And we want to be a living image, not pack an image. See, we don't want to we don't want to pack a little idol around that looks like Jesus &gt;&gt; and say, "See, I'm a Christian." Now, I I've literally seen that in India. The the Hindus will get them an idol of Jesus and they'll put Jesus right up there next to Buddha. &gt;&gt; Just another God, &gt;&gt; Amen. But we we're not going to we're not going to pack an idol. We are the actual image of God. Yes. &gt;&gt; Do you know that you are the only creature that God created that could reflect his image? &gt;&gt; There is not another creature that can perfectly reflect the image of God. That's why in the sixth day, he quit creating because he had created man. &gt;&gt; But then on the seventh day, God began to rest. But in his rest, he gave dominion unto men and made them gods. He put you as a as a god, as a ruler, that you might reflect his will in earth. See, that's your dominion. Earth is your dominion. &gt;&gt; And you had abilities as a God to reflect God's kingdom and God's will upon the earth, naming animals and and manifesting his word. But Adam sold us out. &gt;&gt; When Adam fell, do you know Adam never fell from being a man? He fell from the image of God. &gt;&gt; That's what he fell from. He forgot how to be God. &gt;&gt; He fell under spiritual amnesia and lost the ability to be able to do the things that a true God would be able to do. I've often looked at it through the ages and I don't have a lot of time to preach this area, but I but I think it's amazing. Amen. That that that purpose to reflect God lived in mankind. You know, it's amazing that even after that fall that man could no longer even look into the glory or the image of God. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That God had to hide himself and they they couldn't even look into his presence. But yet, you're built to indwell his presence. &gt;&gt; But the fall of men had so separated God from God until a man from God that he couldn't even look back into the presence of the one that he come to represent or reflect. Look at how powerful it was when Moses went up on the mountain and he went in the presence of God. That man in the divine presence come out and the people didn't even want to look at his face. He had to veil his face. They couldn't even see the reflected glory of God. &gt;&gt; But look at the reality of this. You were born to reflect the image of God on the earth. Even in this fallen condition through the blood of Jesus Christ, he redeemed man and the soul of man. Amen. Become a dwelling place for almighty God that he might reside in you. You know, it's amazing that you're born born and you live, but after the new birth, you can both live and die. &gt;&gt; You can die and live. It's it's pretty amazing. You can die in the flesh and live in the spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because your spirit reflects his spirit &gt;&gt; and his image, his manner of life. You're actually born to be a reflector, &gt;&gt; to reflect the image of God. Now watch the ambition. Watch it grow. In in Revelation 15 and3, the Bible said, "And they sung a song of Moses, the servant of God, the song of the lamb, saying, great and marvelous are thy works, almighty, just and true are thy ways, thou, King of saints." Now, do you see it? The lamb, the high priest is holding his blood atonement on the mercy seat for our sins. He's the Lord God Almighty. That is his present office. That is what he is doing now. He is pleading his blood for our sins. But one day when that lamb becomes that lion of the tribe of Judah, he will come forth in power and glory. Take his authority to reign as a king. He is coming as a king of the earth. Of course, that does not say he is not king. Now &gt;&gt; see, for he is the king of saints. Now it is a spiritual kingdom. Oh &gt;&gt; my goodness. That's the reason we act different from the world. &gt;&gt; See, our citizenship is in heaven. We reflect the spirit of the world of our rebirth. &gt;&gt; Well, that's a refrigerator quote right there. &gt;&gt; We reflect the spirit of the world of our rebirth where Jesus is king. See, we come from a world where he is king. That is why our women do not dress in men's clothing &gt;&gt; or cut their hair or use cosmetics or other things that the world likes so much. That is why our men don't drink and smoke and carry on in sin. Our dominion is the dominion over sin. &gt;&gt; And it is enforced through the power of the spirit in Christ that indwells us. Every kingdom on earth is going to be tore down, but ours is going to remain. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Do you see? Right now, Jesus is king in a spiritual kingdom, which is the kingdom of your birth, &gt;&gt; not your natural birth, your new birth. &gt;&gt; Now, you look around today and somebody says, "Well, brother Wayne, I don't see the kingdom of God." Do you know the Bible says that before you could see the kingdom, you've got to have a new birth? A man must be born again or he cannot see the kingdom of God. It becomes clear when Jesus says these words, "For my kingdom is not of this world. And if the kingdom were of this world, then my servants would fight that I should be delivered to the Jews, but now is my kingdom from his." The kingdom of God is not of this world. The kingdom of God is not even something visible. For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but it's righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; People thought Jesus was coming to restore a kingdom. Now, I'm not off of my subject. They thought Jesus coming to restore a kingdom. Even his disciples thought he was setting up something. &gt;&gt; Going to set up an organization here on the earth. He's going to he's going to start this this this this organization among the Jews and we're going to get our political power back. And they actually asked him in Acts one in his resurrection &gt;&gt; they asked him and they said they come together and they asked said Lord will thou at this time restore again the kingdom of Israel. And he said unto them it is not for you to know the time of the seasons which the father hath put in his own power. &gt;&gt; But you shall receive power &gt;&gt; after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. and you shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost part of the earth. &gt;&gt; So Jesus is saying it was not a political kingdom he come to build. &gt;&gt; You see Jesus never come to build a denominational system. &gt;&gt; He come to build a kingdom &gt;&gt; and that kingdom is a spiritual kingdom. Brother Bram said remember this. It was a spiritual kingdom he was going to build. We call it the church. &gt;&gt; On this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell shall never prevail against it. It's the kingdom of God. It is invisible, but it's very powerful. &gt;&gt; So, I've never seen the kingdom of God. In Luke 17, he said this. It was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom should come. And he answered and said, "The kingdom of God cometh without observation." &gt;&gt; Neither could you say low here or low there. Because the kingdom of God &gt;&gt; is within you. &gt;&gt; God's kingdom &gt;&gt; where he is king &gt;&gt; is right here in this building this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you see the great jealousy Apostle Paul had over the church? &gt;&gt; Can you see the jealousy William Brandham had over the church &gt;&gt; that it should not be manhandled because it was God's kingdom. &gt;&gt; It was the kingdom of God. And this kingdom is growing. &gt;&gt; This kingdom is not getting smaller. Back a few years ago, brother Vernon, this believe the sign people, you know, they started attacking the message and they got a couple of preachers to believe them and they got these preachers filled up with this mindset that if they got away from the message and the reproach that they feel the message brought that these guys were special gifted men and they would have worldrenowned ministries, if they just got away from this this reproachful William Brandham, &gt;&gt; this thing's going down. If you'll just if you'll just get away and turn against this thing, you're going to grow and your ministries are going to go. That one went from about four or 500 people down to a storefront with a couple. &gt;&gt; Poor fella. They got theyly lied to him. &gt;&gt; They deceitfully lied to him. And then when they got him destroyed and they got another one destroyed and they got another one destroyed, they went around telling everybody, "Amen, the message is getting smaller. You better get out before it falls apart." Meanwhile, I'm over there in India preaching meetings of Amen. with 750, 800 people in a church. Amen. And a pastor's going to accept the message. And his denominational friend says, "If you accept that message, your your your your people's going to shrink. You're going to go to nothing." Amen. You know, amen. He he accepted the message. Amen. I preached there. 30 preachers in one meeting accepted this ministry of William Brham as a prophet of God. Went home and started building their churches. The last time I was over there preaching for him, his church had doubled. They tore all the walls out and they're looking for a building big enough to fit them because they were in the streets and they were in the buildings and they were every which way. Amen. Because Amen. This message is not smaller. This is not shrinking up. This is growing. It's growing in the heart of the believers of almighty God. Come on church. They tell they tell us, you know, well, if you quote brother Brandham, your church is going to be small. Well, amen. I don't know what you call small. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I don't think that God is looking for some some halfwayer. I don't believe God is looking for somebody that's not sure what they believe. And maybe we could quote brother Random. Maybe we couldn't. And I'm fearful if if somebody might hear me talk about Brother Brandom, they might not come back. Listen, if that's if that's something if you're not going to come back if I talk about William Brandom, let me save you a trip because this ministry, this platform is built on the revelation that God sent a message in this hour. And this message is preparing this church [Applause] &gt;&gt; and it's growing and it's getting stronger and we're getting more. &gt;&gt; The only thing this all this criticism did, y'all know what it did, y'all know what it really did for us? It made us more mature. [Music] &gt;&gt; And it's exactly what brother Brandham said would happen. He said the acceleration of maturity would be strengthened by that coming hot sun. And when the sun starts shining, it's the sign of the son of a messianic kingdom. This is not a church kingdom. This is not a a man's kingdom. This is the Messiah's kingdom. The kingdom of the Messiah of Almighty God. And it's established in the heart and the soul of a man by revelation. &gt;&gt; No wonder that devil hates revelation so bad. &gt;&gt; Because if you get somebody a revelation, I I was quoting brother Brandham. It's established by revelation. If you get a revelation in the heart of a believer about what they're dealing with, do you know there's no persuading that believer differently? Once they see this message from their heart, you will never persuade them differently because they're established in the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; This kingdom is the kingdom of almighty God. It's the kingdom Jesus prophesied and he built himself. Uh I I just I just love it because uh if you like to listen to tapes, the Messiah 1961, I just love it how brother Brandham explains this. How many How many of you been born again? How how many's got the new birth in here? &gt;&gt; Sure. You know what I'm talking about. But you would have thought when you got born again, you would possess the whole land right then. &gt;&gt; Now the whole land became yours. &gt;&gt; As an heir, &gt;&gt; but you know what, brother Bram explains it in in his hillbilly way. I thank God that he explained things that I could catch &gt;&gt; because he said when you got saved, he says, "You don't have to die physically to get into this, but you got to die spiritually to get into this." And inside of you is where it gets its control. &gt;&gt; And he says, see, he presses himself forward. Now, when you got when you got when you got saved, Brother Bam explains it like this. He said a light about the size of the button on your shirt &gt;&gt; came into you. when that that little infant child that that young newborn child of God, brother Brandham said it had a button size light on the inside. And then he describes it. That's where he gets his control. He says, "And then he begins to press himself forward and don't you let any root of bitterness or hatred or malice that'll run him right back out again. &gt;&gt; But you get all your meanness out." He was talking to me right there. You get all the superstitions out. You get all the unbelief out and every time you move out a little of unbelief, God steps right there and takes it over. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine that? That light is in you this morning looking for a way to grow. &gt;&gt; He's looking for a place in you to possess a greater way. Amen. And all you have to do is just move something out of the way and he will take over. He told Joshua, "You could have every place that your foot would step." And I'll tell you this morning, I have an ambition that we could have everything that God has promised this church. Amen. And the only thing we got to do is move it out of the way and let his light begin to press in. Begin to press begin to press in. &gt;&gt; Start pressing out. &gt;&gt; Pressing out. The the Bible says it here, and I'm I'm going to skip some things, but I I want to get this point to you. The Bible says here that this kingdom that the violent is going to take it by force. that this this church is designed of God to press into his kingdom into such a way that it will be able to manifest every power that is promised them in the dimensions God has given them. Do you see this Holy Ghost that has fell is Christ himself come into the church and he has given you the keys to this kingdom and whatever you bind shall be bound and whatever you loose shall be loosed. That old devil's been telling you that this place that you need to overcome has come to stay and you're never getting past it. and you you might as well just quit fighting and you might as well lay down your weapons and you you might as well just reside that this is the way it's always going to be. But I I refute that. I resist that idea. I believe you were born as a son of God and there is a land of the stature of the perfect man that you can have all the knowledge and all the wisdom and all the temperance. Come on. I believe all you'd have to do is begin to grow and you can have every bit of it. I was just thinking this the other day. I I'm just thinking on on on on potential and maturity. And I I won't preach a sermon on it, but I I just want to say this that that you you have potentials that you don't know you have. &gt;&gt; And the enemy has tried to lock down. That's that's that's a thing that I have that's a thing that I have contended for for years, brother Chris. People say, "Well, the third pole has nothing to do with a bride, you know, and they they don't believe that the that the spoken word could be used by an ordinary man or or some that's only for a prophet." But that's not what the Bible said. It said, "He that believeth, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works he do, for I go unto the father." That's Bible. &gt;&gt; But they get that in their mind, you see. And then by doing so, they push people to be able to say, "Well, if you can't exercise it, if you can't create something, then you don't have it." But you see my contention is not everybody has to create something &gt;&gt; right. But the potential to do so &gt;&gt; is inside every believer. &gt;&gt; You don't have to shoot Russia with a nuclear bomb to believe we got one. &gt;&gt; America's got a lot of them and they proved them over the years. But you see those things have to be operated. This is not just something that you play with to prove to somebody you got. But there is a potential in this church. There's a potential in every believer. And I'll tell you, your greatest potential, the capping of the potential of a believer is divine love. [Music] &gt;&gt; I thought of it. I look at the oak tree, the mighty oak, and I look at him and I say, "Where does he mature?" &gt;&gt; And you see that there's a time where he almost stops growing in height. He'll he'll get a little bigger around in the middle, &gt;&gt; but he almost stops growing in height &gt;&gt; because he's reached a level &gt;&gt; of the potential of that tree. &gt;&gt; And God designed you that divine love is that place we're growing to. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And to believe this to believe this that you are built in such a way, Ben, that you can reflect the exact image of God &gt;&gt; in every situation of your life. &gt;&gt; Oh, you talk about powerful. &gt;&gt; You talk about a kingdom. &gt;&gt; A kingdom where you and his word become one. It's one thing to reflect them when we're dancing, and I love dancing, so don't don't get off on that. And it's one thing to reflect them when we're in the high and the emotions of of the things, but what about when it requires dying to something to love somebody? [Music] &gt;&gt; What about that? What What about when it requires &gt;&gt; Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. &gt;&gt; You want to talk about conquering? &gt;&gt; Conquering ourselves. &gt;&gt; Conquering ourselves as the children of this great kingdom. He wants you united under a spiritual kingdom that he is the king of. It would be normal for us to say, "By the way, what are we overcoming?" But the prophet of God in Revelation chapter 3 said, "To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne as I've also overcame and sat down with my father in his o throne." Now, what are we to overcome? That would be the normal question. But that is not the actual thought of this verse. It is not what we are to overcome, but it's how &gt;&gt; we are to overcome. &gt;&gt; Won't you stand to your feet with me this morning? To overcome, as our musicians would come, to overcome is to stand to stand the test. See, every son that comes to God &gt;&gt; must be tried. &gt;&gt; There will be no exceptions to that rule. &gt;&gt; So when you give if you give your life to Christ and things hit you that's never hit you before. &gt;&gt; Listen, don't tell don't say we didn't tell you. &gt;&gt; We're not we're not lying to you. We're not trying to say that this is a flowery bed of ease and you could come become a Christian. And you're not going to have, of course, you're going to have a battle &gt;&gt; cuz your testimony is fing to wage war on hell. &gt;&gt; The change that's about to happen in you, Satan is is is pulled out all stops to stop that before it takes place. &gt;&gt; But there has to be there has to be a test before there's an overcomer. &gt;&gt; This final age of overcomers have been anointed to share the throne of almighty God. It's it's an amazing story. And I'll preach it later, but in Matthew 20, a woman comes to Jesus and she got two sons and she says to him,"Lord, can my sons sit on your left hand and your right hand?" And Jesus said to them, that's a mother's prayer. They're powerful. Said, "Well, they can drink of the cup I drink of. They could take the baptism that I have, &gt;&gt; but to set on my left and right hand is not mine to give. But it is for those that have been prepared of my father. &gt;&gt; And brother Bram said, "Do you see that? That's the overcomer of that leadya. &gt;&gt; It was in existence. She wanted it, but it wouldn't be given to anybody but the overcomer of that leodysian age. &gt;&gt; That's why that predestination's over your life to be conformed. It's because God has already given you a seat &gt;&gt; and you're headed toward it. &gt;&gt; So, if you're sitting here this morning, you're saying, "Brother Wayne, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going through I'm going through some of the greatest struggles and and maybe maybe some of them are have been long lasting. Just recently, we're dealing with situations. People said, "Well, brother Wayne, I've been dealing with this for, you know, maybe five years. I've been dealing this for 10 years." And and all of a sudden, but but all of a sudden, you're dealing with it. See, &gt;&gt; it's because the grace of God won't let it go no further. &gt;&gt; He's brought you to that place. And and and it's easy to say it's easy to say, "Lord, just just just take me home." &gt;&gt; He will as an overcomer. &gt;&gt; But you got something to do this morning, &gt;&gt; and that's overcome. You got to you got to be setting sin. You got a something happening in your life that you've been struggling and that thing is lied to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Well, see there, you never even got saved or you wouldn't be struggling against it." The prophet said when they came to the land of Canaan, there was Amalachites in it. &gt;&gt; The Bible is clear that there were giants in that land, &gt;&gt; but there was honey, too. That's right. &gt;&gt; But before they could eat honey, they had to kill some giants. So, it's not that you're not in the right land or that you didn't have the right birth or the right experience, &gt;&gt; but there's things God left there &gt;&gt; for you &gt;&gt; for you to overcome. &gt;&gt; And that's what I want to do as a as a as a man before I'm your pastor, before I'm a preacher. I want to be a Christian. I want to be a Christian in my life. I want to live. I want the kingdom of God to reflect through my life. I'm holding a resistance against Satan's Eden. My king is king, but he's rejected. That's right. The rejected king and his people. But one day he's coming back in power. [Music] &gt;&gt; And brother Carrie, I'll never have to switch kings &gt;&gt; cuz my king will rule &gt;&gt; throughout eternity. Brother Ben, you have something. [Music] &gt;&gt; Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully [Music] to overcome my trials. [Music] Guiding me constantly, [Music] [Applause] giving me victory. [Music] He's a reality [Music] cuz something keeps holding me. Oh, something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome [Music] my trials. Guiding me constantly giving me victory. He's a reality cuz something keeps holding me. [Music]
