################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Battleground - Ephesians Pt 36’ - (Thurs 742024) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-27
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Battleground - Ephesians Pt 36’ - (Thurs 7/4/2024)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhSahtFvOAk
========================================

Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. God will not reject your prayer. Pray makes you stronger. [Music] I have never seen the righteous forsake begging for bread or left to suffer. Oh, have patience. Just wait and see. Yes, what God will do. [Music] [Applause] When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will. Oh worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship in your trials. Worship if you are worthy. Worship nothing matters. Worship. He will hear your gra. God before you say let there be. He's healing your wounds and setting you free. Sending his angels fly from all sight. He's leading the way cuz he is the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you last trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. Give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. It is important to understand when God is speaking. Sometimes he may seem to be silent, but that is when he is working. Oh, have patience. Have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. Oh yes. What God will do when you lift up your hands and [Applause] surrender. God will be through. Oh worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship. In your trials, worship. If you are hurting, [Music] worship. Nothing matters. Worship. He will hear your praise. God goes before you saying, "Let there be." He's healing your words and setting you free. sending his angels fighting from all sides. He's leading the way. Yes, he is the guy. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along the trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. Give him praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship. [Music] Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. [Music] Oh, worship the Lord. Amen. I believe that was why we were created. Amen. To worship the Lord. Amen. And what a tremendous time to serve him and to love him. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And Amen. Good to see everyone that could come out on this Fourth of July. Amen. and and uh I know America, we're celebrating our birthday, but it's a good time to come to church and Amen. talk about the liberties that God won for us on the cross. Amen. And what he did for our lives and it's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And if we could just bow our hearts in a word of prayer, let's just go to him. Father, we thank you tonight for your grace and your mercy here in this place, Lord. that you would gather us here Lord under your grace and we just ask you Lord that you would bless Lord the congregation that has gathered. I pray to bless them that has Lord seen and the unseen as well that your mercy would be upon them. Lord Isaac is there brother Samuels tonight. May you bless him, bless that congregation, Lord and may the great anointing come and move over him oh God. But we ask tonight, Lord, here in this place that you would just set us aside, Lord, and just as we feel the seriousness of this moment, the opportunity, Lord, to fellowship with you, we ask that you would just lead us into that great place now, Lord, where all things are possible, Lord, where our enemy is powerless. Lord, will your children feel the delivering angel move through the building? Lord, we want to just take a moment and welcome you here in this evening service. Lord, your prophet said that wherever you were invited, you would come. And Lord, you're most certainly welcome here among us tonight, Lord. You're welcome to every pew, to every heart. Lord, and we're just asking that you would just move along this service tonight, touching the needs of your children. Now, Father, as we commit this into thy faithful hands, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. If you have your Bibles tonight, we would like to go on to the book of Ephesians, uh, the sixth chapter. Amen. The book of Ephesians, the sixth chapter. Amen. Is this on? Amen. Ephesians, chapter 6. And we want to look at, thank you, Ben. And we want to look at uh the 10th verse here. Ephesians 6 and10. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you might be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Now, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood, or against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, and against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take on to you the whole armor of God. Isn't it amazing? He mentions it the second time, that you may be able to withstand in this evil day. and having done all to stand. Stand therefore, having your loins girth with the truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and on your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace, and above all, taking the shield of faith, where will you be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked? and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit which is the word of God praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit watching therefore with all perseverance and supplication for all saints we ask the Lord to bless his word as you could be seated tonight I want to just continue in this Ephesians series here in the sixth chapter I've been spoke to you Sunday on the great spiritual battle and of course tonight we're looking uh of course at the same But I want to talk to you a little more about the battlefield where the battle takes place, the battlefield. And uh and just some things here on our heart. I just want to share with you. And of course um I'm going to be taking some of these thoughts out of the greatest battle ever fought, taking on the whole armor of God and also the contest. Amen. God bless you, brother Frank. Good to see you back there tonight. Amen. And so uh the first thing brother Brandham I think is powerful is uh there in ' 62 in greatest battle. He said I believe the greatest battle that is ever fought he said is now ready to go into action. And we would have thought the greatest battles had already been fought. But here the prophet is telling us that we're coming to the time the greatest battle that has ever been fought is about to begin now. It's about to go into action. Amen. And I believe that that is a spiritual battle of the end time. Amen. Of course, between the right and wrong. And brother Bram tells us in the feast of trumpets how that there's been 200,000,000 demons released uh into the battle. But at the same time, out of heaven come another mighty angel. Amen. And bringing the vindicated word to the church that there was a battle. Amen. And but yet I know this the spiritual battle that rages. Uh a lot of people talk about Armageddon and the greatness of that battle. We're not going to be here for Armageddon. Amen. So, the battle that we're going to have is today. Amen. The the what what we're going through is now. And the prophet of God tells us by being in a battle, he says this, you've got to know your enemy and you've got to know your armor. Amen. If you're going to be in a spiritual battle, you need to know your enemy and you need to know your armor. Amen. Now of course your armor is the word and your enemy is anything that will reason against the word. Amen. That is just very clear. We know our enemy. We know the voice of our enemy. The voice are contrary to the voice of God that it must be the voice of the enemy to confuse us that we would not understand the voice of God when it spoke to us. Now, of course, this the reason that Satan comes this way is because he's found great success in this. Amen. Brother Bram says this. Remember, Satan's tactic to begin with, and he still uses the same thing and still successful with it. It's reasoning. Reasoning, the word was the knockdown punch to the human race. That was what he got Eve with in the Garden of Eden. And he's used that ever since is reasoning. And brother Bam said he's had marvelous success in carrying out his threats by people letting him explain away, amen, the value of God's promised word to the age. Now, of course, Satan's army is going to bring they're going to bring confusion. Satan's army is going to bring destruction. Satan's army is going to bring sickness. Amen. And he uses his army of destruction to bring disbelief in God's word because what he would like to do is set up a better kingdom than that of Michael. Amen. But the prophet of God says, "But God cast him out." And I I think that's powerful. God cast him out. Because he's teaching you, Amen, that Satan's method was reasoning, and God's method of dealing with him is casting him out. That's the way God does it. Does it? He don't uh God don't make deals with the devil. He just cast the devil out. Amen. God's method is cast out the evil. Cast down the reasoning. Cast down the superstition. Cast down the weary and cast down the disease. Cast down the sin. See, you're above it. See, resurrected in Christ sitting in heavenly places with every devil under your foot. Amen. If he starts to stick his head in there somewhere, see, he's already been placed under you as you have been raised up into Christ. Now, the same devil exists today that existed then. Amen. And brother Bram says, see I if he does, there is devils and Jesus cast them out. But he gave authority to the church to cast him out. Amen. I know the devil don't like this at all, but the church has been given authority by the word of God to cast out the devil. In Mark the 16th chapter and I just want to read it for you in the 17th verse. The Bible said, "And these signs shall follow them that believe and in my name they shall cast out devils and they shall speak with new tongues." Amen. The Bible said they shall cast out devils. Now, here's the thing. That is scriptural authority tonight. And the heavens and earth could pass away, but the word of God is not going to change. And the scripture gave you an authority. You don't have to feel it. You don't have to make an emotional move of it. Amen. But if you can believe the word of God, you got a position to stand in your authority upon the written word of God. Amen. So is tonight. You don't have to fear the devil. You don't have to fear what the devil can do to you. Amen. Because you have a right to put him out. That's right. See, now many people said, "Well, you know, they got courage or they got strength." But it was maybe back there in the days of Peter when the when the the Pharisees come against Jesus and they were going to take him and the Bible said that Peter of course took his sword and cut off the ear amen of the uh of the Pharisee or of them that was going to catch him the soldier Roman soldier and he was going to catch him and they cut the ear that off. I love how brother Bisll said it one time said I don't know if he was aiming for his ear. Amen. He might have been aiming for his head you know but he just got the ear. Amen. But but you recognize brother Bram said but see he could duel with that sword. And brother Bram said he could whirl that creed like anybody could. He said but when it come to Christian courage he didn't have any of it. He didn't have spiritual courage because as soon as the as Christ went to the cross he stood in the fires remember that of the enemy and denied the Lord Jesus because he didn't have what it took. And the reason he didn't have it is because it was just intellectual. It was an intellectual belief. He he believed on the Lord Jesus, but he was just there. And brother Bam said, "But after that man went up to Pentecost. He put on the whole armor of God." And I think that's exactly what Paul was trying to say in Ephesians 6 when he said put on the whole armor of God, he was talking about getting the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And when a man puts on the armor of God, he'll be a different person. Amen. When he puts on the whole armor, what is it? See, the word that had walked with him, amen, was burning him up with fire in his flesh, in his soul. He had on the whole armor of God. That is God's provided armor. He had the baptism filled with the Holy Ghost. Now, you say, "Church, what is our armor tonight?" Brother Brham said the armor was when Peter got filled with the Holy Ghost and the word that he walked with, Amen, was fire in his soul. Amen. I exactly believe that's the whole armor of God tonight is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. With the word that's behind it. Now, the church of the living God has been fortified for this battle. You don't believe that God would allow a church to go into or a people to go into a battle. Amen. And not fortify that church. But the prophet of God said, "See, they had been fortified." Now, not with intellectual intellectual education or a doctor's degree, but we've been fortified with a baptism of the Holy Ghost to prove the word of God is truth. Glory. Amen. Amen. That's what it is. See, now, now watch. We can preach the word and we can explain the word, but you have to receive the word. Oh, hallelujah. That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive the revelation, something slips out of the unseen world, yonder, and comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul. I like that. Amen. Something slips out of that unseen world and gets down inside of your soul. Amen. That's Amen. That's right. And when something slips into that soul, Amen. it makes you where you're a two-fold being. Now you're dealing with the supernatural world and you're dealing with the natural world. You got the Holy Spirit in you. I love how Brother Brandham says that you're a candidate to be associated with angels. Did you know that? How many got the Holy Ghost in here tonight? You're a candidate to associate with angels. Now, don't feel don't feel a surprise. Amen. If you feel a an energy in the service, a special anointing or or a power sweeps over you. How many ever been sitting service and it happened? Amen. And you just been listening to the word of God and something just surge across you. But don't you dismiss that to emotion. Amen. Or some this just little excitement somewhere. But according to a prophet, what is happening is you're associating with angels. That's right. He said, "Now people can't believe in these things." He said, "Because they've never come in contact. They got nothing in there to believe with. But when your Holy Spirit comes in the heart, you become a twofold being. One on the earth to die and one in the heaven to live." He said, "This body is still now seal subject to death." Now, this is really important. You're a two-fold being. We're talking about battles. You're a two-fold being. One in the earth to die, the other in heaven to live. See, this body is still subject to death. Amen. You're still in this body. Now, you got a soul in there that is heaven bound. You got a soul in there that's already redeemed, but you're living in a body that is subject unto death. You're living in a body that's contacting this earth. See, he's passed from death unto life. He has his earthly contact with five senses in his spirit. Brother Ram said a contact with God through the Holy Ghost and the angels of God visit him. He speaks with him. These messengers are sent to God to reveal messages from God to an individual. How many knows that's a ministering spirits? The prophet says ministering spirits minister under the heirs of salvation. So, as a believer, as a as a bornagain believer, you are an association with angels that ministering spirits can minister to your soul, but you're living in a human body that is in this earth. So, you you you're going to find out as long as you're here, there's going to be a battle. There's going to be a battle between right and wrong. There'll be a battle between a heavenly and an earthly. Amen. There'll be a carnal man and there's a spiritual man. And there's going to be a battle, of course. But listen, God did not put you into this battle without fortifying your soul. Amen. So as that you could come victorious by the power of God. Amen. Now I know this. The spirit of Christ is here. He says, "Now, brother Bam said, I just went into another world and seen an unseen world." And we become so conscious of looking at one another like this, but there is an unseen world. We become so conscious sitting here tonight looking at one another. We get so affected, so conscious of that we're here, but we're so unconscious of the supernatural world. We become so unconscious of what is going on in the realms that are around us. Now, biblically, we can sit here and tell you without one shadow of doubt, Jesus said, "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst of them." Now whether you feel him, whether you're emotional, whether you feel the contact of him, whether your human body feels him or not, he's right here in this building right now. Amen. And if you can recognize his presence and begin to tell that devil, you get off of my shoulder. I'm going to enjoy this service. God's got something here for me tonight. There's an unseen presence. There's an unseen realm. They're bringing message for me. Amen. If you're sitting here with sickness in your body, there's a delivering angel in the building. If you're sitting here and you're bound in your spirit with some doubt or some unbelief, there's a deliverer in the building, you've got to become conscious of God and what he is in this building tonight to deliver you. I don't believe we drove up here on a Thursday night just to sit here and look at one another. But we've come to associate with an unseen world and feel the power of that unseen world as it swirls through this building to electrify our inside to conquer the diseases and the oppressions and the anxieties and the nervousnesses that are trying to attack us from every which way. But listen, there is an unseen world and we become conscious of one another. We we're so conscious that we're here. Amen. But right in this building are evil spirits. Right in this building are evil spirits. Now you know you know there's doubting spirits. There's unbelief spirits. There's critical spirits. There's jealousy and there's enginess and there's strife and every kind of evil spirits trying to invade. Amen. I I love how brother Brandham tells us this. He said, "Listen now. You can't help what comes into your mind." He said, "You just got to keep it from nesting there." Like the old farmer standing out there and the blackbirds flying over and he goes in and gets his shotgun. No boy said, "What are you doing?" He said, "Well, I can't keep them back birds from flying through my trees." He said, "But I certainly ain't going to let them nest there." So, you're sitting here tonight and you, whether you want it or not, there's going to be things come through this room and you being a spirit are going to come through your mind. They're going to come through your spirit. But when they do, you've got to open up with a blasting of the Holy Ghost and say, "Satan, that's a lie. Satan, I won't believe you. faith that I'm going to accept the word of God in the church tonight. You see what it is? Something begins to energize your faith because your faith is exactly what connects you to the unseen realm. Listen, I I found out this brother says, "Watch how in was it fro from the beginning?" I think it's powerful. He said, "The Lord in his work never claimed to do nothing of himself, but when he seen the father do it, he said he gave all praise to God." Amen. Amen. Now, what was that? He says the thing was unnatural. It was supernatural. That's why Jesus said, "I don't do the works. My father does them." Because, watch now, he was giving all praise to the supernatural. He wasn't bringing any praise into the natural. In other words, it's not what I'm doing naturally, but it's the unseen that is activating and is working in your midst. Every brother said it was the unnatural. the supernatural and every armor that we have, brother. All of our armor is supernatural. See, it's the unseen something that's the whole armor. We stand in the unseen world looking at the unseen things. Do you see? Now the Bible says in 2 Corinthians 6:10, "And sorrowful yet always rejoicing, pure, poor," he said, "Yet making many rich, as having nothing, yet possessing all things." Having nothing, possessing all things. Now, we're sitting here tonight. You say, "Well, you know, I I don't have anything. I don't have this or But the prophet of God takes that scripture and preaches a message called possessing all things." So sitting here tonight, you might not have natural possession, but you have spiritual possession. And the prophet of God said, "The believer's promise is in eternal life." He says, "Look, it's joy and peace and longsuffering and gentleness and patience. It's the fruit of the spirit, divine healing, a dozen things I've got written down here. That is your possession. It belongs to you. But you cannot have it until you fight for it. It is yours. Everything that is seen and every temple thing belongs to me. God give it to me because Christ gave it to me. And things unseen belong to me. I love that. Things that are unseen belong to me. Listen, the devil chose your mind. God chose your heart. The devil's trying to make you see things by your mind. And God is trying to get you to see it by your heart. Because the Bible said, "As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is that man." See, what he's doing is he's trying to get you in your heart to receive the word of God. Amen. And if you can get it in your heart, you're healed. You're healed. If you can get it in your heart, you're saved. You're saved. If you can get it in your heart, you're delivered. You're delivered. If you're If you're sitting here without joy, and something comes in your heart, I got joy. Amen. It belongs to you because you believe it from your heart. It don't matter what the devil says in your mind. What is your heart saying to you? Your heart is there because brother Bam said the devil tried to take your mind but God chose your heart. That's why we cast down the reasoning of the mind. See, we look at what God said and who gave the promise. That's where the world gets so tangled up today. It's too much intellectual preaching. Instead of spiritfilled church worshiping in the spirit, they're listening to intellectual messages. Amen. The prophet of God said, "The problem with it is we got too many intellectual sermons and not enough spiritfilled worship." Amen. I believe tonight what we need is spiritfilled worship. We don't need an intellectual relationship in our mind. We need a spiritual relationship in our hearts. If you want to put on the whole armor of God, it's not memorizing every book and never quote the prophet quoted. It's taken the life that brought the word and put that life on the inside of you. And you can use what words you know. Amen. David didn't have a bunch of rocks. He had one rock or five. But it but it didn't take all of them. It took one. And it just takes one revelation to whip the devil on the grounds when God gives it to you. It's not a it's not an intellectual battle. It's not who's the smartest preacher and who knows the most quotes and how they can quote them. Amen. There's an angelic association with the power of God that energizes and and makes the word come alive and it flashes like lightning when the power of God gets a hold of a believer and it begins to change their lives. And you said, "Brother Wayne, amen. I possess it." Yes, you possess it. You're the seed of Abraham. And just as Abraham possessed it, you possess it. But Brother Bram said, "You're going to have to fight for it. You're an heir to it, but you're going to have to fight for it." Now, I'm I'm I hope you're hearing me tonight. You're an heir to a blessing in this building tonight. You're an heir to a spiritual blessing, but you may have to fight for it. You may have to fight for every inch of ground that God has given you. Well, listen. I don't know about you tonight, but I'm not going to lay down and let the devil have anything that belongs to me. I'm not going to lay down and let the devil take anything that belongs to me. Amen. And if it belongs to me, listen, devil, you got to fight on your hands. And I'm not going to fight you with my mind. I'm not going to fight you in the intellect. I'm going to drop down into the anointed word and stand with the scripture and show that Satan has lost the battle already by the power of God. That's right. Amen. If you ever get it, you ain't going to get it easy. You're going to have to take it away from Satan. Amen. Is Satan got something belongs to you tonight? Amen. That you need to take back from him. Listen, let me say this. You might not get it easy, but I'm going to tell you, don't you lay there. You need to fight. Get some fight in you. Get some strength in you. Get some stamina in you. Get some fight back. Not a lay down. Not it. It's the battle's too hard. There's too much trouble. It's too much struggle, Brother Wayne, to get through it. Forget that and fight until you get the victory in your life and in your heart. Listen, I believe it tonight. I believe it's yours. I believe if Satan captures your health, you've got a right to say to Satan, "Give it back. Amen. Anybody want to say it tonight? Give it back. Give it back, Satan. You can't hold it. You can't have it. Give it back. It's my health. I want it back. It's my child. I want it back. It's my mind. I want it back. It's my life. I want it back. It's my peace. I want it back. It belongs to you. You don't have to lay there and take it tonight. You don't have to sit and let Satan take your joy. Amen. Do you recognize many times people sit right in the church and they think they need salvation? Brother Ronnie, I found out a long time ago, it's really not always salvation we need. It's the joy of our salvation. Sometimes what we need is the joy of our salvation back. You remember the kind used to put you on your feet and Amen. the word of God. Amen. You You remember that kind of joy? You remember the joy before the battle, the joy before the trouble, the joy before the sickness. I say, "Satan, it's my joy. Give it back in the name of Jesus Christ. Let the joy of the Lord be the strength of the church. I believe it. I believe tonight that he ought to hand it over in the name of the Lord Jesus, possessor of heavens and earth. I'm heir. Give it back. Give it back. I'm an heir of all things. It's been given to me and I claim everything that God promised me. Now listen, I I I know you say, "Well, brother Wayne, this is evangelical." It's not. This is heavy teaching. This is very strong and heavy teaching. This belongs to you and you're going to have to take it back. I'm teaching you that this is your God-given property and you need to take it back. You need to quit laying down and letting a little argument steal the joy out of your life. Letting some little fuss take away all the worship and all the power. Listen, Satan, you don't have enough to take it from the church of the living God. God give it. We own it. And we're going to keep it by the glory of God. That's right. Glory, Satan. You lay it down. Brother Bam says it. He said, "Listen, God gave it to us. It's an unmarited gift. Don't you like that? It's an unmarited gift." What's that mean to you? It means you didn't earn it. So, if you didn't earn it, you can't lose it. Jacob, you need to tell the devil, "Go back where you come from. I didn't earn it and you can't take it. It was given to me. It is a gift from God. It is bought and it's paid for. It is an unmmerited gift. It's ours. It belongs to us and Satan can't hold it. If you go to him, brother Bam said this with a scriptural authoritative word with faith to say it's mine. Lay it down. Glory. I like that. Don't you, Satan? Lay it down. You took it from me. Give it back. I'm serving notice on you. I've got the notice of the written word here on the word. Glory to God. When's the last time you picked a scripture up and you knew it was yours? And you just walk right in the face of Satan. Said, "Satan, he gave it to me right here." And I tell you what, you lay it down cuz I'm about to take it home with me tonight. You lay it down because it belongs to me. Brother Bam said, "Get that devil started. You get that devil started and keep him running. Of course, you might not receive nothing physical when you begin to do that. Brother Bam said, one person said, well, you know, they got saved. He said they didn't receive anything physical. Didn't didn't look any different. He said, but this thing, he said, they said, well, let's wait and see what it's like tomorrow. Brother man said, wait nothing. He starts He said, start confessing. Now, watch this. Because he says, you got to confess it before it's a finished work. See, Jesus is the high priest of our confession. And I know this sounds odd to the human mind because we want to wait for the doctor's report to start saying he's healed. We want to wait for the doctor's report before we can start worshiping God for our healing. But listen, we've already been given a report. In Isaiah 53, he said, "Whose report will you believe?" Well, I don't know about you, but I believe the report of the Lord. And the Bible said, "By his stripes, you are healed." And Amen. You were wounded for our transgressions and you were bruised for our iniquity and by his stripes we're healed. In other words, every person sitting in this building right now is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. And if I could get you to believe that, there's not one unsaved person will leave this building tonight. And the same one that saved you is the same one that heals you. And he healed our bodies tonight. And if we could believe it, Amen. Amen. There's not a person would leave this building tonight sick in their body. There's not a person watching me tonight that would leave sick in their body because by his stripes we are healed. Not we're going to be. We already are. We're healed by the stripes that Jesus took. I'll tell you it might not come easy, but let's fight for it. Let's tell that rotten devil, it's mine. It belongs to me. I'm not backing up. I'm not giving up. I'm not laying down. I'm going to keep moving. Well, glory to God. Amen. Listen. I know what it's like sometimes when you get around certain people, it's harder to make your confession. Even good Christians, y'all know what I'm talking about. You get in the presence of some old unbelieving spirit. You get in the presence maybe even your by yourself and some old doubting spirit. Do you know even Mary fell under that after she birthed Jesus Christ? Ain't that ain't that wild? Mary, remember she left Jesus. Zach says she was a horrible mother. He's calling her Jesus. Mary, the mother of God, the greatest mother. Jesus said, "Well, mother Zach says she a horrible mother. She left her kid for days." And when they went back to find Jesus, remember what she said? "Your father and I, your father and I have searched for thee many days." And brother Bam said, "Look at how wrong Mary was. Look at how Amen. I I'll say what she said. He brother Bam said, he said, "See, your father and I, she be to claim that the birth wasn't supernatural." She claimed that it wasn't supernatural. She denied the supernatural birth. And that's what Pentecost done. They took speaking in tongues and denied the birth of the word. That's exactly. He said, "I'll take so much of it, but I don't want the rest of it." They denied the birth of the word just like Mary did. But watch, there will not be any more organizations after this. Watch the word itself. 12 years old back there in a shock. He said, "Don't you know I'll be about my father's business." The word corrected the church right there. What are you doing all these things? See, you know you can't do this. Well, look up at our doors and we'll let you come in. For ye know that I must be about my father's business. Sure. True. Supernatural. Watch what happened. Mary got in the presence of people where she couldn't hold her confession. And when she did, the church can make an error, but not the word. Look at the word correct her. At 12 years old, he corrected her and brought her back to the true supernatural, the birth, the virgin birth of the word of God. And when and when she did, brother Ram said, "Mary was so wrong, but the word is so perfect." What did she do? Uh uh Beth and I were talking about this the other day. What' she do? Amen. She absolutely tore the foundation out from her testimony. Look at what she did. She took the supernatural out of her testimony. She still testified Jesus was her son, but she took out the supernatural part. And that's exactly what we do if we're not careful. We'll take the supernatural part out of our confession. We'll take the supernatural part out of our service and bring it to a dry intellectual thing. But listen, amen. There was an angel that had testified to her that it was a supernatural thing and the word was still testifying. It was a supernatural thing. I'll say something to you tonight. That same supernatural is here. Amen. And I won't tear the testimony out of the church and say it's just intellect or it's just a good preacher or it's just a good quote. It's a supernatural being of almighty God that has come to deliver the church with power and with reality. Do you see what it is? Sometimes your supernatural testimony, amen, it's so different to the world. I think of the prophet of God, but he talks about Simeon who stood there and said, he says, "Oh my," he said, "I'll not die till I see the Lord's Christ." He said, "Listen to that testimony." People thought he was crazy. He says, "See, but but when you take the word and believe his promise, it's so supernatural till it becomes crazy to the world." taking the word and believe it becomes so supernatural you're crazy to the world. You're sitting there testifying you're healed while you're physically sick. Crazy. You got temptations and you're saying, "Oh, I'm saved." But to the world, it's crazy. But to the believer, it's been quickened by the power of God. Now, you got to hold your testimony. Brother Bam said, "Listen, hold your testimony. If you're a Christian, as long as you believe it, all right. But the minute you begin to think you're not, that time is where you start sinking right there. That's the time your testimony is negative. Divine healing lasts as long as your faith lasts. See, with salvation the same because everything of God is by faith and nothing of God can be proven by the natural. Amen. Watch. The whole armor of God is faith. The whole armor of God is love and joy and peace and gentleness. See, just look. God gives everything. And that armor is supernatural. Everything to protect you is supernatural. It's a supernatural battle. You've got to fi fight in supernatural realms. It can't be fought in the natural. Amen. It must be fought in the supernatural. I love how it is in Revelations the 12th chapter when Daniel when John is writing here in Revelation 207 12 and 7 he said there was war in heaven and Michael and his angels fought against the dragon and the dragon fought against his angels and prevailed not and neither was their place found anymore in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out the old serpent called the devil and the Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out in the earth and angels were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice from heaven saying, "Now has come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ and the accuser of our brethren is cast down which accused them before God day and night." Now watch this. And they overcame him. Now it's very important that you take a moment and ask, "Who are they?" Y'all remember years ago I preached a whole sermon nearly on they. Amen. meaning that it wasn't an abstract thought, but they overcame him. Now, you take that word they, it's a pronoun speaking of a certain people. Who are those people? Those people are the same people in Matthew 25 that are the wise virgin. Those are the same people that are in Matthew 24 that would deceive the very elect if possible. Those are the same people in Revelations 12. They without us cannot be made perfect. of Revelations 11. You see, it's the same people in Revelations 3 that the Bible said, "And they overcame and shared with the throne of God." They are a group of people called the bride of Christ who was elected before the foundation of the world to come into this battle. And they overcame him. Who is him? The Antichrist spirit. The religious spirit of this age has been overcome by a group of people. And how are they going to do it? by the blood of the lamb. I'm y'all y'all know it take an hour to preach the thought, but it's by the blood of the lamb. So why would you start trying to perfect yourself in the flesh? Why would you start measuring yourself by a standard of your own rules when everybody has a different standard? Everybody has a different degree of standard, a different degree of law. Amen. But God said all man has come short of the glory of God. Every man has sinned and every man needs the blood of Jesus Christ. Then therefore nothing do I bring. Amen. It's only to the cross that I cling. It's only the blood that I'll accept for my salvation. Listen, people think today, well, if I quit smoking, if I quit chewing, if I quit drinking, if I quit lusting, if I quit going after this, and if I quit doing this, then surely I'll be saved. You can do all of that and not have Jesus. But listen, it'll take Jesus to save a man. It'll take the blood of Jesus Christ to save you and to fill you with the Holy Ghost. And that is where you get salvation. It's not in the doing or the not doing. It's in the the coming into the body of Christ. And by one spirit, we're baptized into one body. And that body being the body of Jesus Christ, you come into him by the blood word. The spirit of God burst you into that body. And you overcome that devil by the blood. It doesn't just say by the blood, but it said and by the word. And by the word of their testimony. I love that. By the word of their testimony. In other words, there was somebody going to hold the testimony. Somebody's going to keep the confession. Somebody's going to confess this word in the opposition of the greatest battle that has ever been fought. But somebody's going to believe it anyhow. Somebody's going to raise up in faith and confess the word. Though darkness has surrounded us, sickness has surrounded us. Nervousness is everywhere. Depression is on every corner. But I still believe. I still believe that God is a deliverer and can bring a sound mind and a clean heart. He can bring a healed body. It's by the word. Somebody say by the word of their testimony. In other words, they were willing to hold their testimony. They were willing to testify. Listen, the prophet of God said it like this. If I die tonight, my testimony is true. I love that. When you have a testimony, God has given you a sword in your hand. Amen. What are we doing? We're conquering sickness and superstition and every evil. And what are we doing? Amen. We've been given a sword for this battle. That sword is the word of God. And show us the father. Brother Brandham said this like this. Jesus Christ died at Calvary and stripped him of everything he had. And the only thing tonight he's got is a bluff. Somebody's got to keep up the testimony. Well, I I I don't feel like he's a bluff right now, Brother Wayne. Somebody's got to keep the testimony. He's a bluff. Have you ever thought about the battle we're in is not just a battle in the supernatural, but it's also a legal battle. And the prophet of God goes over it again and again as a legal battle and brings Satan to a debate on the word of God and says, "You have no legal rights whatsoever." Amen. What is it? His day is finished. I love how the prophet says it. You are defeated and you have lost the battle. Right. Now, I think it's powerful tonight to know that Satan has lost the battle. Do you see? Everything lays in the hand of the church. Satan has lost. What's the prophet again? You're a bluff and you've been stripped of every privilege. You have no legal right. I just love reading the devil these quotes. Jesus stripped you of every power you had at Calvary. And you're nothing but a bluff. And you ain't bluffing us no longer. You ain't nothing but a bluff. Brother Bam said, "Then what are you scared about?" What are you scared about? You're an heir to this thing. God has given it to you. You don't have to be scared. Now, it would matter what you're looking at. When Joshua was looking at the battle, he wasn't looking at the walls. Brother Bam said by vision he saw the walls were laying flat. So he was seeing the unseen while he was yet looking at the scene. Do you see what it was? He had received the mind of Christ for the battle he was about to go into. I love how brother Brandham says this in the seventh seal. He said when the supernatural comes in, that's the mind of Christ. When the supernatural begins to move in, that's the mind of Christ. when the mind of Christ begins to be moved. You see, the battle that we're facing tonight is not a battle. I I went through a bunch of battles this week and and if you if you think about battlegrounds when you go here to uh the greatest battle ever fought, brother Bam will go into it a little bit and he'll start he'll start laying it out and he'll say like the battle David and Goliath uh fought, which is the valley of E L Ah. Amen. But it was in a valley and brother Bam said there was the place picked for the battle. And he said, "That very thing represents God picking your mind for the battle." He said, "So it's the battleground." So I I just went through and looked at Gettysburg and uh uh Tripoli and there's Troy and there's and matter of fact, if you look at some of the top 10 battles that ever were fought were fought during the time between the Greek and Persians. Isn't that wild? Because God already said the Greeks would overtake the Persians, but they still had to fight the battle. and some of the greatest battles that ever took. And if you go looking at those battlegrounds, those battlegrounds are places where great battles took place. And and there was deaths and there was tragedies and there was things from every side. And brother Ram said, "There is your mind. There it is. That's where your mind is." He said, "Now watch it is he says that's remember that that's where the battle takes place is in your mind whether you will see." Now watch. Now remember this is not Christian science. This is not mind over matter. The mind will accept the life which is the word of God and there brings the life. Just your thought doesn't do it. See, but it's the word of God. It's not because you start saying, "Well, I'm not going to be sick. I'm not going to be sick. I'm not going to be sick. I'm not going to be sick." Listen, that's your mind. And it's called mind over matter. Amen. And it ain't going to work. Right now, I know the pull pit ain't no place for joking, but there's a couple old boys one day and they was fishing and old boy caught a carp, you know, and he was a he was a little bit of an Asian. He picks that carp up and looks him right in the face and he starts looking right in the face of that fish. And after a little while, he was saying, "Fish, I take power over you. I take power." And after a little while, that that fish that fish's eyes started to slant a little bit like the Asians. And he looked at that fish and threw him back. a little while he caught another one and did the same thing again. There was a fellow sitting in the boat with him picked up and he said, "Man, what are you doing?" He said, "It's mind over matter." So, he caught a fish and picked that fish up and looked at it. He starts looking at the right in the face of that fish and in a few few minutes the old boy looking at it started going. The fish had more power than he had. And sometimes the situation you're dealing with has more power than you have in your mind. Your intellectual power is no match for Satan's power. So this is not mind over matter. This ain't just pumping yourself up to be better. Amen. This is not I'm going to have a positive thought and I'm going to become better and it's going to get better tomorrow. Amen. It's not that at all. But it's the mind that accepts the life of the word of God and it brings life and your thought doesn't do it. It's the word of God that drops into the channel of your thought. See, it's not your thought like Christian science makes it. It's not mind over matter. That isn't it. Your mind accepts it. It grasp it, but you control it by a spirit. Now, your spirit catches the word of God and that's the thing that's got life in it and it brings life into you. When that takes place, life comes down into that channel and the word of God is manifested in you. See, it isn't mind over matter. It's your mind accepting the word. And in that word, there is power. In that word, there is life. That's why the Bible tells us about hearing the word of God. Faith cometh by hearing the word. Faith for healing comes by the word. Faith for deliverance comes by the word. It's not just mind over matter. It's not I'm going to will myself to be better tomorrow. You're going to you you won't your will run out. Your will will run out. I'm going to will myself to get up tomorrow and I'm not going to be down and I'm going to feel better and things are going to be better. You'll never make where you're trying to go that way. That's like a person trying to get their bootstraps and pull themselves to the moon. You're not going anywhere. You're not getting any higher than the seat you're sitting in. But when the word drops into the channel of the mind and you say in your heart, that's the word of God. I believe the word of God, that word has power to take root and begins to be moving over you. Now, there's people that's tried to get better. You know, Christian science is, if you don't know this, Christian Science is the thing that Brother Brandham thought over in Africa when he first went over there because they uh they they believe that you can just get better. And you know, you like if you have a sickness, you just say, "I ain't got the sickness. I ain't got the sickness." And after a while, you know, I I think I've heard some Christian signs teaching around the message sometimes almost. It's like you try to ignore that you're sick. Brother Ram said, "That ain't overcoming." He said overcoming is recognizing you got a you got a spirit or you got a sickness but then understanding that greater is he that is in you than he's in the sickness and that's overcoming. He brother meets a woman in a discernment line and she comes in there and he says ma'am you got a migraines. You're fighting with migraines. He said but I see you sitting by yourself in a room reading a little book. He said now nobody else knows this because you were sitting by yourself. He said I see you doing it. Oh, he said, "A Christian Science reading room." And he picks up what she was doing in that reading room and she's trying to get better. But brother Bam says, "See, you belong to that Christian Science. Is that right? I've seen you in that reading room. That's the reason I know you belong to it. That's right. Raise your hand. Do you believe if I ask God, this is not mind over matter. This is the power of almighty God." Do you see what he's doing? He picks up her thought that I'm going to will my headache away. He said, "That ain't the that ain't the way you do this. That ain't the way to fight this battle. The way to fight this battle is to know that's a devil. But know that greater is he that's in me than he that's in this sickness. Greater is he that's in me than say he that's in this disease. It's not me great. It's greater is he the blood and the testimony of the Lord." Somebody asked brother Random, they said, "Brother Brandom, will you explain Christian Science?" He said, "Yes." He said, "Christian science is psychology." He said, "But divine healing is the power of God. Christian science is mind over matter. It's psychology. We're going to get better, folks. It's going to get better. It's psychology. It's manipulation. It's trying to turn events and positive thinking and and and and swirl everybody around. But that's not what we're doing here. This is not a Christian science reading room. This is a birthing room where the power of God comes into the room and casts demons away from your mind and cast demons out of your spirit and heals the body. I got sense enough. Brother Bam said if I got a cramp in my arm, I got sense enough to know it's hurting. Well, I mean, you ever been hurting? And somebody said, "Well, you ain't hurting." Well, I am hurting. He said, "It's sense enough to know you're hurting." He said, "But I know God's power can take it away." Do you see what it is? It's not a mind over matter. I'm not a Christian science or unitarian. I don't believe in mind over matter. I believe God's a healer. It's not God. Amen. A mind over matter. Brother Bam said, "Not Christian science meaning mind over matter." You see the thing of it? It's the atmosphere that you live in. It's the atmosphere that you live in. Brother Bam said it like this. I challenge these people. Amen. Upon the authority of God's word in the presence of Jesus Christ who shed his blood to make every word a reality to every person that would believe. Satan, you're defeated. Your time is at hand. Look what brother's saying. Make every word of this a reality. This is not an imagination. This isn't just something, Amen, that comes along. But it is the power of God. Look at how the Bible says this, that if you profess or you confess, he can make intercessions. Now, you say, "Preacher, I'm in a real mess and I don't know if God can help me in my condition." Let me say this. Jonah was under the circumstances he was under. He said he could get a miracle to work like that from God. In in the circumstance he was in, he could still get a miracle from God. There ain't none of you in the shape Jonah was in. Yes, sir. Nobody in this building tonight is in the same place Jonah was. And brother B said, "If Jonah could get a miracle, you can have a miracle. You can get a miracle tonight." You say, "How do I get a miracle?" Brother Bam said, "This is the way miracles are done." He said, "You take the word of God and begin to testify before you see the evidence. You begin to praise God before you feel it, before you can know it. But you begin to believe God." My brother said that's what Mary done and that's what believers can do is take the word and begin to praise God with it. I know the devil hates it but it's the truth anyhow. Now it doesn't take excitement and we enjoy excitement but it doesn't take excitement. It takes true settled faith. Amen. It takes true settled faith. God doesn't work under excitement or screaming or stomping or running. You can't stomp the devil to make him out go out. I know what I'm talking about. I've seen people get excited in prayer lines and not get nothing. I've seen people get excited in church and not get nothing. Matter of fact, sometimes the devil will excite somebody to keep them from getting something. But there is a difference between excitement and faith. Faith comes from the word of God. When the word settles in your heart, I if I feel it, okay. If I don't feel it, okay, y'all know me. I'm all right with excitement, all right with dancing, all right with stomping. I stomp on the devil all the time. But but it's not the stomping that moves the devil. It's not the stomping that moves him. It's the word in my heart that is settled to believe there's not a devil can stand in the presence of God's people. So it's not the stomping or the screaming. It's not that. You've got to know right where you're standing. And it's the power of God that'll do it. said, "Preacher, where you standing?" I know right where I'm standing. I've had demons of every kind challenge me. I've had demons from from every which continent to stand right there and challenge me out of eye. You know what I can do? Every demon that's ever come near me, I say in the name of Jesus Christ, Satan, you are defeated. And none of them have ever been able to stand up in my presence. Every one of them hits the floor. You know why? Because it's not me. It's a confession of the faith of the blood of Jesus Christ. If I try to stand there as a man, he'll poke a hole in your weakness and exploit some little feeling or some thought you had or some situation. But if you really want to stand there, get the whole armor of God and say, "I'm under the blood of Jesus Christ." And God can't see my sin. And the devil can't see my sin. He's just seeing if you're going to stand with the word or not. Amen. I tell you this. I believe we need to get the power of God back in the church. I believe we got it. I believe we got it. I'm reading the prophet. What we need today is an oldfashioned gospel. The fire of the Holy Ghost to fall on the altar in every heart. Is that right, brother? You can paint the picture, but it don't help the people. It's got to be the fire. It's got to be the heat of the Holy Ghost. It's got to be a living word that is manifested. I don't want to hear what God was. What is God today? What can he do for my children? What can he do for these young people? What kind of meeting can he have? What kind of grace can come in this man? Brother, we had a powerful service Sunday. We're not living on Sunday no more. This is Thursday night. This is another night. It's another moment. It's another time. Listen. And God has untapped resources. Hallelujah. You don't have to drink sparingly. He's the same God with the same power. And the church needs the power of God, the Holy Spirit. Now listen. Now, brother Bam said, "If a power of a devil could make a man strong, what about the power of God?" Now, the power of God. Brother Bam said some time ago, Brother Bam said, "You think them Pentecostal people are just excited." See, now watch, Brother Bam, divide the excitement. He said, "Doctor, do you mean to tell me that nerves can be excited without something to excite them?" He said, "See, I said the unseen force of the Holy Ghost is moving among us and it excites the bornagain spirit. The power of God, I love how he says this, the power of God foams down through there. Faith cometh by the hearing and the Holy Ghost takes the word and spreads it out over the people to catch it with the power of a regenerate, born again life." Something has to cry out. What is it? What is it? It's the power of God. Listen. Listen. Excitement won't heal you. It takes the power of God to heal a person. Mind over matter won't change your circumstance. It'll take the power of God to do it. The power of God. It's it's not the human emotion. It's because of the resurrection of the power of God that is pressing into the human life. Oh, we get emotional. But what's behind the emotion? The power of God. It's the power of God by his word. Brother Brham says it like this. And what what is an oldfashioned Holy Ghost meeting? It's not them shouting. It's the power of God moving in them, bubbling and pushing and outside powers of the living God. God's provided way of watering. See what it is? See, it's like that artisian well coming up in it. What is happening is it's bringing the power of God. I I love how brother Brandham says something. Uh he's talking about bringing power in a church. He said, "I found two wires you can put together to bring the power of God." He said, "I found two loose ends." He said, "If I tied them together, I could bring the power of God." He said, "The two of them is one is love and the other one is faith." And he said, 'If I take the wire of love and the wire of faith and put them together, it'll bring the power of God. He says, when you love God enough to know he can't lie to you, it'll create a faith to make you believe the word. And every word is positive truth. I thinking I was thinking over this today and I'm sitting here reading quote after quote after quote and brother's talking about the power of God. He's talking about the power of God. And then he starts talking about believers. And then in the middle of this, he says, "Now, but watch this." He said, 'But even in people that's got the Holy Ghost, oppression, demon oppression comes upon them. And he said, one of them fell said to me, "Brother Brandham, I don't have no demon possession." He said, "No, I didn't say that." He said, "Oppression." He said, "It is a demon oppression. You see that? It becomes Satan in the flesh, not in the spirit. Satan, he said, can give unclean habits and unbelief and things like that. He said, but it's your faith that saves you. And many people just as pure and clean, a lot cleaner than me. Sometimes people profess Christians, but yet would deny the Holy Ghost or deny the operation of the power of God. See, unbelieving, no matter, they're very religious. But you see what it is? It's a demon power oppressing working upon them to make them not believe in the power of God. I I was just reading here and I I I found some quotes that it was was was very to me was very uh powerful for this moment. And as I'm reading I you know you know how you do you start reading about something. Anybody ever study topics in the message? You just start reading topics. And when you start reading them and you start, let's just say you start reading about the power of God, brother B start talking about what the power of God will do this and the power of God will do this and the power of God will do this. In a minute you start saying, "Boy, I'd like to have some of that power. The power of God will do this and the power of God will do this and the power of God do and you'll think, my I'd like to have some of that power." And all of a sudden, you read a quote and he says, "Now, if you're craving to see the power of God, there's a power of God somewhere. If a human being is thirsting and calling for the power of God, there's got to be a power of God to respond to that. If you're longing to see it, there's got to be a power of God to come to it. Now, I believe I believe uh that the success of a church lies in the power of God. I certainly believe we have a successful church. But we cannot ever be a success doing anything the world does. We can only be a success as we follow after God's statues and his way of doing things. We can't pattern after the world or cigarette company has met the greatest success by television and beer and whiskey and crowd has made success through contribution. That's no sign that the church will make it success by television. The success of the church lies within the preaching of the gospel, of the power of God and the demonstration of the spirit. The success of the church lies in the preaching of the gospel. People say to you, are you successful? Well, what do you measure by success by? Brother Brandon measured it by the preaching of the gospel of the power of God and of the demonstration of the spirit. Now, if you want to find the power of God, there's a way to get there. How many knows that there's a way to get to the power of God? There's a power of God somewhere. Then the prophet of God said somewhere you can get to it. And the unfailing realities of of God, Brother Bam says, see, it's just like, and if you go listen to this tape, go go back and listen to the tape. you that's listening on the air tonight, listen to this tape as well. The unfailing realities of living God. And brother Bam says, "See, when God placed man here in the days of the Lord Jesus, he gave man a true road mapap to his power." He gave a man a road map to his power. And brother Brown said, "Just like if I'm going to go to California," he said, "I can tell you what road to take." He said, "I can almost tell you how long it'll take me to get there because I have traveled them roads so well." So he had traveled that road so long he knew exactly what map to look at how what road to take. And brother Bram says it like this. Any of these last few years you could do it. And that's the way God wants us to know his word. That we have traveled it. We have tested it. We have tried it and we know where it leads. Amen. This leads See his road map is the Bible. And the road leads to the power of God. Amen. What is it? When you when you take the scripture, they will lead you to the power of God. The power produces the promise. We need the power. It's the power of God. Listen, I don't know if you guys ever experience uh when you're studying if it's almost sometimes supernatural, you know, and and I'm a I'm a reader and sometimes I'm listening while I'm reading. Anybody ever do that? And sometimes I'm reading quotes and I'm listening to a tape at the same time. And I was sitting listening. Amen. And I was hearing a series of quotes and while I was sitting there listening, I was reading this and God wants us to know his word. We've traveled, tested it. The Bible is a road map to the power of God. See the road to the power of God. And at the same moment I'm listening and on another tape he says this. Listen close. If Satan tries to hand you some of this stuff like sickness, you know what to do. Just show him the token and you say, "I'm a purchased product. My healing has paid for. I'm a product of God because I have a token of the Holy Ghost. You cannot keep me off of this highway. I'm sitting here reading there's a road to the power of God and the prophet is saying, "You can't keep me off of this highway." Well, I say tonight, there's a road to the power of God and Satan can't keep us off of this highway. It's a highway to the power of God. It's a highway to your healing. It's a highway to your deliverance. And he can't keep us off of the power of God. Amen. I'll say something tonight. I believe that the power of God is right in this room right now. And every person sitting here, if you could just believe it, there's enough power in this room to speak a world and go live on it. Come on, church. I'm talking about the power of God. It's a quickening power, Brother Seth. It's a dynamic power. It's a creative power. It's a healing power. It's a delivering power. It's not just church. It's the power of God. It's the power of his mercy. Won't you stand with us tonight? It's the power of God. The power of God unto his grace and his mercy. This power of God is accessible tonight by his faith. I believe it. I believe it. I don't believe tonight that education is going to deliver the church. If education is the way out, then why don't it act? We got more education today than we've ever had. We got more educators than we've ever had. We got more psychology than we ever had. So, if it would if it's going to be the way out, then let it act. But I believe the I believe the power of God is the way out for every believer. I believe the power of God can change situations. You know, I I just looked over and seen Sister Kimberly, it wouldn't been several years ago, we were in a midweek service together. Amen. It was a lot later than it is right now. But we were in a midweek service together and we was in the middle of a prayer line. She come up there and stood for her brother, Brother Justin Wear. And she said she would she would like to have his salvation. And she stood right there and and and after the prayer, I don't remember exactly where you went if you just went over to the altar or if you went back to your seat. I was praying. She went back to her seat. But about a half hour later, you can go see it on the video there, Brother Tims. About a half hour later, the whole church just starts roaring and excitement and and and brother Tim looks over at me and he said, "Brother Wayne," he said, "You remember that boy that we just prayed for a moment ago with that girl come up Nashville?" I said, "Yeah." He said, "He's standing right there and I I don't I think he had on a pair of sweats, maybe like pajamas or something, and his hair was all twisted up on the side where he crawled out of bed. It it was the power of God [Music] that a a girl believe the word of God that if I make a claim that God will back up that claim and the power of God took a hold of that and Justin W now he's in church today but within a half hour he come running in that back room and went up here and gave his life to Jesus Christ. I'll tell you friends, don't underestimate what God can do. What the power of God could do in this building tonight. What the power of God could do for your life. You said, "Brother Wayne, I'm in a bad shape. I was just reading. I I spent most of the evening reading quote after quote after quote where the prophet is talking about the power of God and he's talking about the situations of people's lives. And as the as the discerning power of God began to open on the congregation, he would he would look at people that thought they were sick with one thing and they were sick with something else. Do you know do you know sicknesses sometimes are not a physical problem but spiritual? [Music] I'm reading a prophet and he's beginning to talk and he says, he says, "Oh, brother, I see that." He said, "You think you have heart trouble." It's not heart trouble. It's indigestion caused by a nervousness in your mind. Is it? He said, "Not like the handshaking nervous, but a mental nervousness where you're a deep thinker. And then he switches and I got I got quotes. I mean a list quotes and quotes more quotes where he says to a person he says you think you you think you have a peptic you have a certain kind of a stomach issue. He said no. He said really what it is he says is you're mentally nervous and that mental nervousness is causing your stomach to react that way. And brother Bam reveals it. He said, "If you believe the Lord Jesus, you'll go home be healed." Ain't that amazing? He turns to He turns to people and they think that this is what's wrong, but it's this what's wrong. And with the power of God begin to dissolve that, people can. Now the reason I'm reason I'm here is the greatest battle that has ever been fought is fought where? In the [Music] mind. Things that come into your mind affect your whole body. That's right. You sit here tonight and begin to think, "Nobody loves me. Nobody cares for me. Nobody thinks nothing of me. I'm all by myself." And you start backing away. You're not getting any fellowship. It starts coming into your mind. You start getting secluded and then all of a sudden depression begins to come and then depression moves over. Do you'all know depression is a demon? Do you know depression takes your personal value away from you? That's right. If you take a person that's really depressed, honestly depressed, then not not just self-pity, but if a real depression's on them, do you know you can tell them that you love them every day and they won't believe you. You can tell a girl she's beautiful, she won't believe you. You can tell a boy he's wonderful, he won't believe you. You take a preacher that gets a depression on him, you can tell him he's the best preacher in the country. He won't believe one word you say to him because there's a spirit affecting his mind and it's affecting the whole life. See the battle of the mind. Satan's trying to attack the mind. That's why the prophet said, "Take on the helmet of salvation. Guard your mind from the wickedness of this world." It's not mind over matter. It's the power of God taking the word and coming into your mind. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight for your children that have gathered in this room. We know it's a Thursday evening. It's the Fourth of July. These people have gathered in here tonight, Lord. Father, they've taken their time. They've gathered in here because they're hungry for the power of God. And I pray tonight, Father, as they sit here under the the preaching of the gospel that I pray something is striking them right now. I pray the word of life is striking over their hearts. Lord, I pray the enemy is losing his hold. Father, if the spirit of depression exists in this room tonight, I ask you for your mercy in that home, upon that life, that middle nervousness that moves over in this age. Lord, it seems like it's everywhere. But I pray tonight in the name of Jesus that the power of God would come down the channel of this word. It would fall into the mind of a believer and they just begin to believe. And Satan, you're done. You're done. In the name of Jesus, you have no legal rights over this church. You have no legal rights over this people. And it's standing in this office of pastor, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you take your leave. You have no hold over the mental fitness of this children and of these people that are fellowshipping here under this word by the power of the word of God. It is commanded in the scripture that they would have a sound mind. Lord, I'm not a crazy man, but you have told us we can have what has been spoken in the Bible. And Father, we believe it tonight. We receive it by the word of God. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. We love you tonight. And God bless you. God bless you, Brother Ben. Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain? Thank you, Lord, causing my eyes to see. Yes, Father, your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place. Thank you, Lord. Please let me stay at rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Word of God speak. Would you pour down my grave, causing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know you're in this place. Please let me stand in your holiness. Word of God speak. Oh word of God speak. Would you pour down my gra? Thank you Lord. Closing my eyes to [Music] see. Be still and know you're in this place. Please let me stay in your holiness. Word of God [Music]
