################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-21 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Opening Of The Word Pt 1’ - (Thurs 2/20/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-21
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Opening Of The Word Pt 1’ - (Thurs 2/20/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZz2mFrAZ84
========================================

Fill this void [Music] empty. Shine your light on my darkness. Satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you. Make me whole. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only. All sing it church. Amen. [Music] Come fill this void. Oh, come fill this void and emptyness. Shine your light. Shine your light. Oh sisy and restore my soul. I long for you. Make me whole. Qu this [Applause] thirsty. Is that your desire tonight? Let's stand and sing it. Oh, you are the only one who can feel me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Come fill my life. I am incomplete. [Applause] Let your love rain down. Oh, I need you all. Lord, I confess. Oh, more of you and nothing. Conquest is thirsty. Here I am. [Music] Come feel my heart. Come fill my life. I am your love. Rain down on me. I need you more. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Here I [Music] am. Come feel my heart. Come when come when this is thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's a Amen. A wonderful thing. Amen. And he said, "He that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they shall be filled." Amen. And when you make the prayer for him to come and fill your heart, he's already made a promise that he would do it. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Good to see everybody out on a Thursday evening. And uh we just want to tonight to go into the word of the Lord. You have a few things on my heart here, and I I just pray we'll be able to share them with you tonight. Uh we want to be we want to be sensitive to the Lord. Amen. And just before we u just before we read the scripture, maybe we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer. Father, we are certainly thankful tonight for what you have given us, the life that is in our lungs and that's in our life. Lord, that we just be able to, Lord, even the breath that's in our body belongs to you. Our minds, our beings, our hearts, Lord, we're bought with a price. And we ask you tonight that you would just use us, Lord, as you see fit, Father. That you'd just come into the room, that you would take your word, Lord. And father surely we have set aside time and we found Lord areas that was inspiring and things that would speak to the needs Lord but what would they be without you Lord? So we just ask this evening that just you would send the spirit of revelation into the midst of your people, Lord. That your word, Lord, would open to our hearts, knowing so many times your prophet told us that we could open the pages of the Bible, but we couldn't open the word, Lord. And we're asking you now that the author would take this word and it would open to the heart of your children. That the revelation would grant to them the desires of their lives, Lord. Filling them, Lord, encouraging them, Lord. Now, Father, as we bow our hearts to you in acknowledgment that we have no abilities, Lord, but we invite you to come to your word tonight, that you would use it, Lord, that you would speak to your children. And Father, that your great anointing would just lift us into another realm of revelation, Lord, and understanding that our hearts might be a flame with your power and your anointing, oh God. Now, Father, we humble ourselves to you, asking you to come in the midst of us, Lord. We ask it in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, we would like to go into the word of the Lord and the book of Revelations, the sixth chapter. And I want to just read the first verse. Revelation chapter 6 and verse 1. Revelation 6 and verse one. Amen. Just a little something here on our heart. I pray it'd be a blessing to you tonight. Revelation chapter 6 and verse one. And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of a thunder, and one of the four beasts said, "Come and see." May the Lord bless his word tonight. As you can be seated, I'd like to speak to you for a few minutes tonight on this the subject of the opening of the word. The opening of the word. Now, some of the things that we have tonight are very common to some of you and to some of you maybe it's newer thing. Amen. But uh but as I as I approach this tonight, Amen. we'll we'll we'll speak it a little more like no one's ever heard it so that everybody can get it. Amen. And so, but as we as we're looking at this, it's I I think sometimes uh that it uh maybe would um maybe that it would be underestimated at what this really means to the church of the living God. What what the term in this hour of the meaning of the opening of the word, how powerful that it is to this generation. And it would be something that would be relevant to our age and to its time. Now when we read here and we say when the lamb had opened one of the seals. Now, this is a very powerful reality in the book of Revelations because, amen, this book that he just opened has been in the hands of God since the time that Adam had failed. And the book of redemption has went back into the hands of God and has stayed there until the time that the end time would come and the lamb would open the book, which would reveal the end time ministry. Amen. When we talk about this tonight, we're talking about introducing something to you. I know each of you have a seal book. How many's got a seal book? The book of the seven seals or Amen. The Revelation of the Seven Seals. Now, that's a book. Amen. That uh uh that I I I would have to say that it was it's a it's a it's a it's a landmark book. It's a it's a tremendous book. And and it has been something that the church has been looking for. Amen. For thousands of years. Amen. when you uh when you read your seal book, I don't know if you realize uh the realities of what has been done to put that what you're reading in your hands, how far it has come. It dates all the way back with John writing the book of Revelations and writing it in symbol form. But then as it is spoken in Daniel the 12th chapter, amen, Daniel was told to shut up that book and seal it. Amen. Until the time of the end. So this is an end time revelation. This is an end time message. It is the end time events. It is the end time. Everything about the opening of the word is the end time. Amen. You see when the prophet speaks of this, brother Bam then brings it in into his own ministry. And this is the part of this that has caused so many of the denominational uh uh uh believers in the world today to reject the ministry of William Brham. And it's because that he injected himself or rather revealed that he played a part in the opening of these things to this generation. Now, you can try to uh you can try to ignore William Brandham if you'd like to. Amen. But I'll say this, you will never have a rapture without the message of William Brandom. Amen. I'm sorry, but it it is more than just the coming of the Holy Ghost. It's more than just the pouring out of his spirit. This is the restoration of sunship that has been hid from the foundation of the world since Adam fell. There has never anybody stood in the in the place where you're standing. Amen. Except for our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. When I think about this, I think of what God has done to this. Now, Brother Brandham himself in a message is titled, "Is this the sign of the inser?" How many's ever heard that sermon? Is this the sign of the inser? If you haven't heard it, I'm going to give you some homework. You go home and listen to this sermon. Is this the sign of the end? This is the sermon brother preaches in 12:30 uh uh of 1962. It's the last sermon of 1962. And he's just had a series of events that has happened in his life. And and he's trying to culminate these things. And he's asking questions to the church. And he's just about to leave uh Jeffersonville and head out west. And he's trying to make sure the people understand that he's not just doing this, but he's following the inspiration of God that's going to result in the unfolding of the great revelation of the seven seals which has been promised. Now, if you're listening to is this a sign of the end, sir? Amen. How many realizes brother gives six different dreams? He he interprets six different dreams in the front of the book. He'll go in and he'll begin to talk about dreams. Now I want you to watch a a something that he begins to insert from the time he starts preaching that sermon. He begins to inject the idea of going west. He begins to talk about the first time when he was injured in remember he went under the anesthesia. He said a couple months later I went under anesthesia again. He said there I was out in west with a golden cross. He said, "Then one day I met a a soussayer on the bus, and she began to tell me my birth and where I was born." And she began to say, "You'll never be successful in the east. Your consolation you were born at was all pointing to the west." And then, Brother Bam then goes on and begins to discuss how he felt a leading to go west and how the all these things begin to come west. Well, that six different dreams that he has, he has those six different dreams about being in the west. Every one of them is about him going west. And and so what he's dealing with is he's dealing with dreams that has all been given him from the people. He said, "But there is one vision with these dreams that has told me that it's time to go west." Now, if you're looking at it there uh in signs of the sers, I played it for you. If you were here in the pre-ervice, you've heard the vision that brother has. And it's actually the sign to him that the time to go west had came. Now remember when he does this, brother man says, "I come home and I seen some rocks piled up and he said, "Then I went in a room, begin to pray and remember he said there was a bush standing in front of me and he said all of a sudden he said I seen some birds come and land on it, some kind of smaller birds." He said, "Then they all left and then another birds came and they all left." He said, "But then all of a sudden," he said, "We back in eternity, I seen the angels break and here they come." He said, "Dots like five maybe." He said, "No more than seven, no less than five." And he said, "Here they come all the way from eternity." And as they're coming, he said, "They took me out of the room, lifted me up within themselves." And he said, "There it was." He said, "Being packed away into those those angels." And and he discusses this. And he says, "Now what this is dealing with is he's dealing with them first angels are the first pull of my ministry. And them second bunch of birds that came." He said, "That's dealing with the second pull of my ministry." He said, "But when them angels come from eternity, it's speaking of that third pool." First was birds, second was birds, but the third was angels. Amen. Now, don't ever forget that the third is angels. And and that's where a lot of times when you hear people talking about how that the cloud appeared out at at sunset there and you hear them talking about it and and some people say, "Well, it didn't mean very much and it wasn't this." But don't never forget that that cloud that was around the face of our Lord Jesus was angels. And he said the third is angels. Amen. Now he's dealing with his own ministry. And this is the part that has really been tough on the Pentecostal world is because see when brother Brandon begin to have these he begins to show that it is a prophetic message that is supposed to come in the end time. and he's been praying for the sick and he's been prophesying and and things wonderful things has been happening. But he's not really started preaching doctrine at that time. But when he begins to talk about the third pool, he begins to say that those angels coming to me is about the doctrine that's going to rapture the church. Now, I hear people say all the time, you know, they get under inspiration say, "Well, doctrine don't matter." That's a lie out of the pits of hell. Amen. The very subject of this message is to restore the true doctrine back in the church of God. You can't have apostolic power without apostolic doctrine. Amen. We are not just a bunch of loose amen beheaded church that has no direction or no doctrine. But doctrine is the backbone of the church of the living God. And and we can be nice about it. We don't have to fight about doctrine. But most certainly, doctrine is very important because doctrine is the thing that's going to carry this church out in the rapture. Amen. It's what separates you. Amen. It's what separates you from the Baptist and from the Lutheran and from the Pentecostals. You say, "Well, I don't want to be separate." I do because they're going to go through a tribulation and I don't want to go through the tribulation. I'm glad God gave us doctrine that would set us apart from the shock that is in the ages that we're living in. Now, the prophet begins to tell us in the message of the seven seal, he talks about the vision of Junior Jackson. You all heard of the the dream of Junior Jackson. It happened in uh February of 1961. I thought that was pretty good. In February 1961, the the the dream Junior had. Remember what happened is Junior had a dream and brother Bam said the water come washing down on the mountain and you know the waters it washed it washed the place and he said and there was some stuff written and he said and I he said then brother Bham appears and he takes a sharp object and knocks the top of the mountain off basically and opens it up and light begins to shine on this granite and he said there were things written there he said that had never light shone on before. Right. Now, some people make it sound like that the seals were opened and then resealed up through the church ages, but according to brother Brandham, these things had not been talked about since the beginning. See, there were things that were written there that had nobody knew about there that wasn't coming and yet into Revelation. Now, I say that because you see when they when when the prophet begins to talk about this with with Junior Jackson, if y'all remember, Brother Bam said he didn't interpret it to him. He said, "Y'all look on this." And he said, "I'll," he said, 'In a minute, Junior said, he looked around. Brother Bram was gone. And he said he had slipped out west. Now, now, Brother Bam said, 'Now, that's being fulfilled right here tonight. Right. Now, what that is is when brother Brandham saw that with Junior Jackson, he told the people in the sermon, "Amen. Is this the sign of the end, he told them about the ideas he was having, but he never interpreted it to them, but he asked them a question and then asked them to stay in Jeffersonville and look on this." And then, Brother Bam goes west to meet with those angels to come back to interpret to them. And the way he says it then is the unwritten word. Now later he straightens it and said, "No, it's not unwritten. It was written, but it just had not been yet revealed." Amen. It was hid. It was written, but hid within the revelation of it. Now, Brother Bam says, "Now, that's what it is." See, and remember, if you get that tape, what time is it, sir? Well, that's exactly what you're seeing now. So, when he comes back and preaches the seven seal, he says, "This is the fulfillment of what time is it sir?" when I told you I was going west and I'm coming back now I'm going to fulfill that tonight and he begins to preach it now he tells us amen about those angels coming to him and he's got a lot of questions when those angels come in the room I guess we would too amen and he said there was a there was a big blast that happened and he said then that's what I was wondering is does this mean my death how many has caught that part of the angels coming to him I played the tape for you there and he said it was a great blast and he said I wondered what that meant. What does those five or seven angels mean coming to me? What does that mean? What does that blast mean? And brother Bram said, "Then what I did then was I just begin to pray." And I said, "Lord, if it means my death, let an anointing come." And he said, "Nothing happened." He said, "But now if it means a furthering of my ministry," he said, "And he said, the anointing struck the room and almost took me away." He said later about a half hour I come to myself reading Romans the 10th chapter of the end of the ninth chapter. Behold I lay in Zion a stone. Right? I'd lay in Zion a stone. How many knows that's the prophecy concerning the end time church in Zerubbabel in Zechariah 4 is he would bring forth the stone. Now it wouldn't be the cornerstone because the corner has now become the headstone. Amen. So William Brandham would be bringing the headstone revelation of the word, amen, back to the church. And brother Bam said, "What does that blast mean?" Now he has this on his heart. Now this is a and I guess it would be for all of us. It was a great struggle to him of these angels coming and he is not understanding this. So this is on his heart when he goes out west and he goes up there. Now, how many's ever been in Sabino Canyon? Yeah, you actually been in the canyon. Boy, a lot of you's been there. Amen. And if you haven't, we we need to do that sometime. Hey, I don't know how we'd get that done, but it'd be wonderful. Amen. But but it would be wonderful for everybody to see this. Amen. But but when you go back up in there, it's it's just rugged. That's all you can say about it. Just rugged. Amen. And and and brother Bam goes back up in there and he's praying and asking the Lord and he went in to a certain spot and knelt down. They believe they found that very spot and it's pretty neat little place. Amen. But he knelt down there and be to pray and he was asking the Lord, "What does this mean?" And he says, "See now watching the breach." He'll tell you about it. He'll say, "And there I was standing and something happened." And he said, "All of a sudden, something fell in my hand." Now, can you imagine? You're praying. You've had this amazing vision and you've got all these dreams and you're saying, "God, what does it mean? What does it mean? What does it mean?" And you're praying and all of a sudden something hits your hands. Isaac, wouldn't it be something? something strikes your hands and when you look down, you're holding a sword. Now, this ministry of Brother is not just a common ministry. I know sometimes guys had maybe a dream or they kind of have a vision or something. They think they're a prophet. Not like this. We're talking about something all together different. How many knows the Bible says that in Revelations the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. So it's the spirit of prophecy. So you see in the end time you'll have ministers that are actually minor prophets that'll be among the bride church. But a prophet, a vindicated prophet is born a prophet. He's not just like a that he becomes a prophet after he gets the Holy Ghost, but he sees visions even before he's saved. Amen. because he's a vindicated prophet. The word is going to come out of him. Now watch here. Brother Bam is praying like this and something struck his hand and he said, "When I looked, it was a sword and the handle was made of pearl." Listen at him explain it. And it was the prettiest pearl you ever seen. And then he goes on to say, "Amen, that it was had a had a dueling uh guard there that was gold and a saber's blade. It wasn't too long, razor sharp, glistening silver." Now when you hear brother Bam explain this pearl amen precious precious stones and gold and servil it sounds a lot like what Paul teaches in the scripture when he said don't never build on hay wood and stubble but then he describes the preciousness of the word of God and that is what you're going to build on. Isn't it amazing that the thing that come into brother Brandham's hand was a precious thing. Amen. What what struck his hand was a precious thing. Amen. Something designed. Amen. To be precious in the hand of a believer. And when it struck his hand, Brother Bam said then he said, "While I was holding that," he says, and he says, "I looked at it." And he says, "Oh, you know, it always afraid of a sword and I was kind of glad I didn't live in them days." But he said, "Look," he says, "All of a sudden, while I was holding it in my hand, a voice from somewhere said, "That is the king's sword. That is the king's sword." And then it left me. And he said, "Well, I wondered the king's sword." And I thought I if it would have said a king sword, it might have been that I would have understood it. He said the king sword. So I may not have this right, but I thought there's only one the king and that's God. And his sword is sharper than any two-edged sword. It's the word of God. Right now, he's telling us this in the breach, but look how he look how he hides a certain portion of what that means. He tells you about the angels coming. He says, "I'm praying for the meaning." And then a sword comes into my hand. But in the seventh seal, in the original seventh seal, he gives us another portion. And he says, "Listen, the end of the sermon on the seven seals." He comes to the seventh seal. He said, "What a day we're living in. What a great thing. What a mystery. What a secret." Standing there and when this left me, something come to me and said, "Don't fear. I don't hear no voice, but like on the inside said to me, I tell you the truth, something hit me and said, "Don't you fear. This is that third pull." Amen. His voice come back and said, "It's not a king's sword. It is the king's sword. It's the word of the Lord." Amen. And watch the attraction. Brother Bam said, "The word of the Lord, fear not. It is the third pull. It is the vindication of your ministry." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Think about that. He begins then to add in the seventh seal. He adds not what he's spoken to preach because he's still hiding. Now, here's the thing he's hiding. He's hiding that the third pull of his ministry is the seventh seal of the Bible. Amen. At this time, nobody's got a clue what the seventh seal means because the Bible said when the seal opened, there was silence for the space of a half an hour. There's no symbols there. There's nothing but a silence there. And brother Brandham, Amen, is trying to tell the church in the breach that it was his job to receive the word for the church. But when it come to the seventh seal, what does he do? He comes and then tells us that the sword in his hand Yeah. is the third pull. Now that sword in his hand was those seven angels coming to him. Now what does this mean? It means he was more than just praying for the sick. He was to do more than just prophesy over the people. He was to take this Bible that men have longed to look at and he was to open the revelations of this scripture in such a simple manner that even a dumb Arkansas hillbilly would follow after him 50 years later and be able to preach the uncarchable riches of Christ from the Garden of Eden all the way to the New Jerusalem because God has sent a prophet among us. Listen, there is nothing more powerful that ever happened in our life. There is nothing greater that has ever happened to you in your life than God opening this word and giving you a heart to believe it. It's a sword in your hand. It's grace in your life. It's a doctrine truth in your ability. It is the lifting power of the bride of Jesus Christ. There is only one king and that sword is his word and it was coming into the hand of a prophet. In this is the third pull. He explains it. Don't fear it. It is the third pull. Now, we'll get into this maybe a little bit later deeper, but how many of you read the seven seal book? Now, if you read the book and and if you take time and you want to go to the book, you'll find out that there's a place here. Brother Bam discusses Israel. And then he comes down to talk about the seal and he he just starts explaining a little bit and he says, "Now, I've got it written right here. Stop and go no further." But he don't stop. He goes on to explain that this sword in his hand is the third pull. He goes on to tell that those seven angels coming to him is the fulfillment of that vision he had under the tent and what it was going to be and how it was going to be. And he tells every bit of this. But now, if you wasn't setting in that service in 1963, you didn't know that. Now, back in our state, back in Arkansas, when I was a young guy growing up, man, it was the biggest contention in the world was that seven seal opened. Man, they was rough on that. They didn't think it was opened at all. Now, I'll tell you why. Because they got just that first portion when it come out in 1963. And they didn't go on and study the rest of it because some of them was living when that tape come out. And if you had that original tape, you can go you can go hear it. Brother Brandham cuts it off and on Monday he retaped something and go find out what he hides. What he hides is he hides that his ministry is the first portion of the seven seal. He hides it. And he says, "He told me not to tell you. We're going to omit it to the public." So the tape that went out was an omission of the seven seal. He didn't send out the revelation. How many knows why he didn't? Because the angel told him on the third pull, "Don't tell them what it is." Right? He said, "I'll take the revelation with me to my grave." And he did. That's why that so many come behind him and thought that he was going to bring a tent and he was going to open the seven seals and there it's why there was a great big division and return ministry and everybody wanting to play the tapes and amen. It's because they got hung up in that area because brother Brandham omitted the revelation on Monday morning but on that Sunday night he preached the revelation. Amen. And then in 1966 after his death, they restored the original seventh seal. So when you listen to it now, it's like he never stopped. He said, "I got stopped written right here." But we just keep listening. And then he begins to explain what the seven seal is. And he begins to describe the three folds of it. And he starts talking. Now, I'll just say this for your sake. If you're listening to it like I was, I was listening to it. And I knew the seven seal was open, but when I listened to it, Brother Bram comes through and he goes, "I'm going to tell you what my revelation of it is." And when he gets to that point, he just starts talking about himself. He just starts talking about uh Sabino Canyon, swords coming, angels. Amen. And I think I rewound that JP a hundred times cuz he said, "I'm going to tell you what the revelation of it is." And he just starts talking about his events in Sabino and the and the sunset and the cloud come. And after a while, After a while, it struck me, oh wait a minute, the first portion of the seventh seal is the word coming to a prophet. I said, oh my goodness, wait till I get a mic. Wait till I get a congregation. Wait till I get a crowd. And then I run out and started preaching it and they got mad at me. Amen. But you see, I found the revelation of it was real. Amen. And if you take time to study it, you'll agree with me that the message of William Brandham is the first portion of the coming of the Lord. Amen. And this is the part that will catch you up into the change of our body. That's why without it, you'll go into tribulation. Without it, you can never have a rapture. Don't you let anybody talk you out of it. Amen. You see what it is? It come back. This is the king's sword. And brother Bam says again, try and do God a service. It's the word. It's been placed in your hand. Don't fear it. It's your ministry. May I say it to you, church? Don't fear it. Amen. It's your rapture. Don't fear it. It's your deliverance. Don't fear it. It's your revival. Don't fear it. It's your ministry. Oh yeah. I got nothing to do with that first pull. I got nothing to do with that second pull. The bride don't have a first and second pool. But she does have a part of that third pull because we are part of it by predestination. The very word that is opened is now living inside these believers, which is the second part of the seven seal. Come on, church. Amen. That's why the devil's trying to talk about brother Brandham all the time and get you wondering whether it was true or not. He's trying to get you to focus on the first part so you miss the second part. But the first part's already over. That is what it is. What I'm wondering is, have you caught the revelation that you got a part in the seventh seal? And the opening of the word has opened the mystery of your life. This is why you were born. This is why you are who you are. This is why you feel the way you feel. You think the way you think. You act the way you act. Because there's a predestinated call over your life. The sovereign God has chose you and anointed you. Amen. This is the mystery of your life revealed. It's why you're here on the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to God. I could take a shout and fit right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My this word has been placed in your hand. Amen. Anointing ones of the end time. If you like brother Bam's uh sermons 262 paragraph, brother Bam will say the third pull is the opening of the word. Now, that's where I'm taking my title tonight from. The third pull is the opening of the word. Yes, sir. The mysteries revealed. Now, there is no more higher order. Say it. A higher order. Higher order to reveal the word than a prophet. Amen. In other words, there's no school is higher than this prophet. There's no educators higher than this prophet. There's no theologians higher than this prophet. Because a prophet is a mute. It's not his own thinking. It's not his own idea. He will tell you, "I had an idea on the white horse rider and I thought it would be like this." He said, "But I was 180 degrees wrong." You all know he he admitted it himself. That's right. He said, "I was I was wrong on it, but he corrected me and brought me out here, and I was 180 degrees off." Yes. I've often uh Brother Chris, I've often taught about that how that brother Bram got in that hurricane, you know, or in the mountains up there and got turned around and confused and he said I was headed and I thought I was going to walk towards home and he said when God made the hole come in the cloud. You remember that? He's looking for the looking for the wire and he's all confused and fogs everywhere and he said hurricane mountain was six miles over there. Think about it, church. six church agents over there and it's been foggy that far through there. He said, "But all a sudden a hole opened up." And he said, "I was headed toward Canada. I was going the wrong way, but I looked through that hole and found the right direction." I tell you this. Amen. Amen. God put a hole. Amen. He He took us all the way back to the original teachings so the church would have true direction. Now, this third pull is the open word. It's mysteries revealed. No more higher order to reveal the word than a prophet. Amen. But the only way a prophet can be vindicated is by the word. And remember the third pull was the opening of them seven seals. Amen. To reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. Amen. Now I love it. Brother Bram says, "Now don't try to explain that. It's the third pull. I'll meet you in there." Amen. Now in the seventh seal, Brother Bram says, he says, "Now watch this." He says, "I was standing there and I had this little baby shoe in my hand and you make your first pull." He said, "And the fish will run after the lure. So you make your second pull because then it's only smaller fish." He said, "But then that third pull get it." Now he's talking about his own ministry. Taking them by the hand will get some. Prophesying, discerning their hearts will get some. But that third pull, it'll do the trick. And what does that mean? It means some of us would have went after the hand. We some of us would enjoy the second pull. But all of us was caught by the opening of the word. That's right. You see what he's telling you is the very thing that caused him to be rejected in the Pentecostals. Was the very attraction you had to it. The very reason you like this message is the very reason they rejected it. Yes, sir. Right. That's the truth. Some people love it and some hate it for the same reason. That's good. Yes, sir. Amen. You see that third pull will get it. And brother Bram said, you see, that's the thing. I always got messed up with preachers. He said, you know, I tried to explain it. And he goes on and talks about it. And he says, you remember, he said he got himself all tangled up. Remember that? And he said he got tangled up trying to explain it to ministers. Yeah. And he says, "Remember the angel said to him now, he was standing there with a little baby shoe and this big cord and he's trying to put it in that hole. And the angel scolded him and said, "You can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things." He was trying to let them know God has sent me. And he was excited about it as I am. Brother Bam, can you imagine? He's wondering about these things and all of a sudden God walks in, starts telling him what it means and how it goes and he runs out and says, "Hey y'all." Amen. I met the angel and he told me this and this and this and well I tell you, I went down to school down there and they taught me different than that. Now, how could he teach them? You see, he was telling they they'd say it. They'd say it, you know, hey, we we have revival meetings. Everybody's shouting and hey man, they're having a good time. What do we need with you? But he was trying to explain to them what it was that would capture the church for the bride. Now that third pull of course would be the thing that would attract the bride. Brother Bam says it's the place he said he'll meet me in there. He said there that third pole is and you won't tell nobody. And in Sabino Canyon, he said, "This is that third pull." Now, I say this, Brother Brandham. Amen. When he seen them coming, he says, "What is it? It's my new commission." Now, how many's ever heard the second climax vision or studied the second climactic vision? Can I see your hands? So, I know how many knows. Okay, there's just very few. Amen. It's in the sermon blasphemous names. It's in 62104. blasphemous names. And brother Bandham has a vision. Then when I start talking about it, you'll probably remember some of it. But he has a vision that he's on a platform out in in the woods and the sun's shining through and he's preaching and there's a lot of people. But he said, "I had two climaxes to make and some of them started getting tired and they started leaving." He said, "But I had another climax." And he said, "When I said they'll be back when the evening shadows fall, y'all remember that now?" Amen. They'll be back when the evening shadows fall. So, brother Bham knew there was another climax coming to his message. And when those angels were coming, he says, "They're coming with my commission. They're coming with my new orders. They're coming with my climax of my ministry." See, the third pull was not a downward way. It was the climax of his ministry. It was coming to that. Brother Bandham says, "It's coming with my message. It's the second climax. It is the new commission. Brother Brham says it and serves as this a sign that is the angels of the Lord coming to give me my new commission. He says this. See now when he sees this vision when I played for you, how many remembers I just played it here when those angels came to him. Now he said when I prayed about that he said Lord I want to see the interpretation of that v vision. And brother Bam said, "No interpretation ever came." Right? Now, think about that. He had this great vision of all this happening, these birds and then these angels and that great blast and him getting caught up in there. And he can't interpret the vision to the people. How many knows why? Because it's already written in the Bible. He said, "See, watch this. This vision was already written in the Bible." Now, let's read the vision. Revelation chapter 10 verse one. The vision that he has in his living room about those angels is the very vision that was written that John saw Yeah. in Revelations chapter 10. Amen. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head as a face were as the sun as his feet as the pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. And he set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot upon the earth. And he cried with a loud voices when a lion roarth. And he had heard seven thunders uttered the voices. Remember brother Bam kept talking about that loud clap of thunder. Amen. Now watch this. And the angel which I said saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hands unto heaven and swore to him that liveth forever and ever who created heaven and the things are in earth and things are in and the sea and things that are in. And there should be time no longer. Now, if you're a studyer, you know that's not time on the clock. It's actually written no more delay. In other words, that the time is no more. Now, if you want to get a little deeper, that means denominational ages have just ran out. Amen. Now, what happens is he's declaring, Brother Bam says it. He says, see then he said time shall no longer but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared unto his servants the prophet. Now watch this in the fourth verse he says and when the seven thunders had uttered their voices I was about to write and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me seal it up the things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. Now that's what he spoke. Seal it up to when? When? When? To when shall we seal it up? Now watch in the seventh verse. And the voice. Amen. He says this. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery shall be finished. Seal the thunders until the seventh angel. Amen. Y'all y'all I know y'all enjoy the Bible. I know you enjoy the Bible. In 1964, brother Ram preached and proven his word. And you know what, brother Bam explains to us? He says it like this. As it was in the days of Sodom, now watch. In the days of Sodom, so will it be at the coming of the son of man. Revelations the 10th chapter is fulfilling Luke 17:30. Now, in Matthew 24, it calls it the coming of the son of man. In Luke 17, he calls it the revealing of the son of man. But all of them are being fulfilled in this revelations the 10th chapter which is a vision happening to this man William Brown. No wonder the Pentecostals lost their mind when he started tying together his ministry with the fulfilling of scriptures that they placed at the second advent of the coming of the Lord. Now church. Amen. It's what the prophet taught. He says it like this. He says, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of Man. When the Son of Man is revealed, not as a church." See, but in the day when the Son of Man will be revealed. Now, what? To join the church to the head. That's you. This message is to join you with the head. Come on now. We're not in the feet. We're not in the legs. We're not in the shoulders. We are a joined to the original headship of almighty God. This message is to join you with the head. And look what he said. It's powerful. He says it like this. In the days the church is to join with the head to unite the marriage of the bride. So this message is not just another Pentecostal message folks. This ain't just another sermon or just another church age. It is the marriage of the lamb. This is the end time event of the day when the bride will be revealed that he has been working on for 2,000 years. This is the unveiling. Come on. I I love how brother Bam says it. The unveiling of God. He's not unveiling God in Jesus Christ. He's unveiling God in the form of the bride of Jesus Christ. This message has elevated you from just another church to the bride of Jesus Christ. This is the elevation, the rapturing up of the church of the living God. I tell you, the bridegroom call is going to come through this. Amen. It's going to come through. Do Do you see this? The Lord is going to come through this. When the son of man, watch this wording, will come down and come in human flesh to unite the truth together. The church has to be the word. He is the word. And the two unites together. See, it'll take the manifestation revealing of the son of man. Now, do you see what I mean? It's the son of man, Jesus Christ will come down. I love his wording. It will come down in human flesh among us and make his word so real. Now, watch that. Revelations 10 again. A mighty angel is coming down. Now, who is that angel? only Christ it could be. Now, I want you to watch something carefully. When brother Brandon was on the platform using Messiah sign, he never says, "I'm going to do what Paul did." Because it wasn't a reoccurrence of Apostle Paul's ministry. It was the ministry of Jesus Christ that was promised to return to the church in the last days. Now, if you you said, "Preacher, come down. Come down. An angel come down." Well, let's just read in John 6 and see what Jesus said. He said, "Jesus said, verily I say unto you, Moses gave you not bread from heaven, but my father giveth you true bread from heaven." For the bread of God he is, which cometh down from heaven, and gaveth unto the world. Now, watch in that 40th verse. He says it like this. And this is the will of him that sent me. everyone believeth on him. Excuse me. I And the 38th verse, he said, "For I have come down from heaven, not to do my own will, but to them that Can you imagine the people that were watching Jesus? You come down from heaven." Well, I knew you when you was 10year-old working in your dad's shop. Now, what do you mean you come down from heaven? Amen. Now, that word come down is a Greek word, and I could spell it for you. K A T A B A I N O. Somebody that's more proficient might speak it for us. But it's kabino meaning I come down either from sky or higher land or a descending. It's the usage meaning to describe the action of descending or going down. Amen. It now what what is what is what's it saying? Jesus the father God had been in the spirit realm but had come down through the fulfillment of scriptures. Amen. Behold a virgin shall conceive had manifested God on the earth through that manifested word and now Jesus was standing there saying I have come down. In other words, God had condescended through the fulfillment of his own prophecies and the word of God. Amen. That's why in 1 Thessalonians 4, now I got some Bible for you. 1 Thessalonians 4, watch in the 16th verse. For the Lord himself, shall descend. That's the same word that's in Revelations 10:1, the Greek. It's the same word that's in John the 6th chapter. Amen. When Jesus said, "I come down," the Bible said the Lord himself would come down. And brother Brandham says he will come through this ministry. He will come down through this ministry. Oh church of the living God, this message has put us in the presence of the Messiah. It's not just a schooling or a learning or a cult as some would have you think. It is the resurrection of Jesus Christ making him the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's a higher calling. He came down that we might go up. It's a coming down of God. This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your midst. You said, "Preacher, I tell you that, hey, man, this has been going on the whole time." No, it ain't. In Acts the 3rd chapter, watching the 20th verse, "And he shall send at 20th verse, Acts 3 and 20. and he shall send Jesus Christ which is preached unto you whom the heavens must receive until the times of the restitution of all things. Now here here Jesus has been on the earth and has left and went into the heavens and all things wasn't restored when he was there. Right? Not all things had become restituted when he was there. You said preacher, what are you saying? It's going to take those seven thunders opening before the church returns to the original position. Hey, now you say now preacher let's just take it for a moment in Revelation 10 and4. Amen. Seal it up. In Revelations 10 and 7 is when it would be revealed the seventh angel. All right. Now, let's read Revelations 1 and3. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hearth the words of this prophecy, and keep the things which are written, for the time is at hand. Now, I want you to notice Paul has been dead for about he's been sleeping for about 40 years. Paul has not been on the scene for years now. When John writes the book of Revelations, right? Now, Paul didn't know what John was writing in the book of Revelations. And so I preach a lot and you heard me preach. We preach what Paul preached, right? So the things that's in the message are not contradictory with what Paul taught. But Paul didn't teach you the revelation of theophony when he was here. He only spoke of it and left it. He spoke of it and said, "There's some things I'd like to say, but can't say them now." That's Come on, church. The book of Hebrews said, "I got some teaching on Melkazedc, but you can't take it, but strong meat belong to them that are full age." And then in Ephesians 4, he said there would be a building up of the church under the stature of the fullness of time. And then also in Hebrews 11, he said they without us cannot be made. Come on. What's he saying to us? There is something that I am beginning, but there's coming something that's going to finish this. I'm laying a foundation, but the head is coming. There is coming a church. There is coming a bride, a mature bride that'll come on the last days. Amen. What is it? There'll be a time this will be at hand. Now, in Revelation 1 and verse three, times at hand. Now, listen here. Here now, if you read C, can we read this? Revelation 22. Let's read the ninth verse. Amen. If you if you back up to the eth verse even Revelation 22 and verse 8, I want you to watch this ministry. And I, John, saw these things and heard them. And when I heard them and seen them, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which showed me these things. Now, I'm home, folks. Let me ask y'all something. When did John write this? In AD60. or in 1960 he was caught up where he was seeing things that had not yet been transpired. But there was an angel giving him the revelation of what he was writing down that hadn't happened yet. Right. Now, now let's just see because the angel that was giving him the revelation, John tried to worship him. He's representing who? The bride. And they're trying to worship who? And he's saying, "Don't you worship me. I'm just your brother. I'm no more than you are. I am your brother." Come on, church. There's a little girl standing in a cavern and all the lights is off. And there's a brother standing next to her and what's he say? Little sister, there is a man here that can turn on the lights. William Brandom was your brother standing next to you in the darkness saying there's a man here. There's a man here that can turn on the lights. He wasn't our God. He's our prophet. Hey, but I tell you this, I won't back off of it. I'm not ashamed of it. I don't care who does what or where they go. Amen. There's a message that is coming to this generation. The prophet's name is William Brandom. These seals have been opened up for the rapturing of this bride. And they may not theologically answer what some people would like to hear. But brother, there's a time to forget what you know and begin to submit yourself to God. Amen. He told him to don't do it. I am your fellow servant. I could break the end of this real strong for you if you wanted me to. But if you'll just watch it, fellow servant, brethren, prophet, right? Yeah. Fellow servant, brother, prophet. He's explaining to you right here. And he said, then you just worship God. What's the next verse? He saith unto me, see it not. I'm thy fellow servant, the prophets. Now watch what he says in the 10th verse. And he saith unto me, seal not the sayings of this prophecy. Now when was them Gibia unsealed? All right. 104 it was sealed. 10:7 it's unsealed. And what's this prophet saying to John in 10 22:10? Unseal it. Look at the ministry of the man talking to John. It's been sealed and nobody could unseal it. But unseal it now. John, it's time for the unsealing. Can I say it very plainly? Let the thunders thunder. Let the seals loose. Preach the message of the hour. It is the food that's in season in this generation. Seal not the sayings. Amen. Don't seal the sayings of this message. Don't don't don't try, Amen, to water it down to help people out. You can't help people by hiding the truth. You can't help people by being ashamed of this message. Come on. We need some men with courage to take the message of the hour and preach it with [Applause] the time is at hand. Amen. I thank God for the ministry we got in this church. I do. I appreciate God. And some of you are traveling. Some of them coming. Amen. Brother Jonathan's Amen. Come among us. And he's going to he's going to be I can't travel like I used to. Amen. But he's going to do a lot of traveling. Brother Alice's going to do a lot of traveling. These men's going to do a lot of traveling. And what are they going to be preaching? What use is it to and to travel? Why why are we taking your tithing and putting behind these men? Because we believe it makes a difference. I believe it makes a difference if somebody preaches this message. I believe we are to send people into this age to tell them God sent a prophet and introduce Jesus Christ to you. Hallelujah. Don't use the prophet to take away from Christ. All right. Elevate Christ. Yes, sir. Do you see what it is? The time is at hand. When the book is to be revealed, Brother Bram said that's when the time is at hand. When it's to be revealed, he's a signifying angel. Brother Bram says it in Revelation in in the fifth seal. How many knows he teaches in the fifth seal that the eagle John's talking about is the one that's to come. Fifth seal. You can go look it up, paragraph 205. John was looking at him. Let me ask you this. Have you ever followed Brother Bam's ministry? and looked at it in the book of Revelations. What's the first recorded sermon? We got deity of Jesus Christ. What's the first chapter of Revelations about what's the next big series? Brother Bannham holds the church ages. What happens in Revelations 2 and Revelations 3? Then brother Bannam behind the church ages preaches throne and takes the whole fourth chapter. And then he comes in, takes the fifth chapter and preaches five, six, and seven in the seals. And then turn around and comes in Revelations 10 to pull in Revelations 19, Revelation 22. It's his own ministry. It's laid out in the book of Revelations the same way he preached it on the earth when he was here. You can follow it right in the Bible. Do you think he just picked the revelations and started going down through it? It was God sending a prophet in our age because this book of Revelations, Brother Cable, it was it was in symbol form. Yeah. Don't you know God did that on purpose? He hid it. Put it in symbol form. Hid it. and and it's the only book that's in the New Testament that is specifically written to you. Look, it's specifically written to you. Now, I I've said it like this. If you let's just say you want to get a private letter to your wife, Amen. and you're a long ways away and it's it's it's a most important they don't mess with it. They don't misinterpret it. So you write it in symbols and you send it to your bride and she gets your letter in symbols and then you send a vindicated servant to her to just tell her what the symbols mean. Then it could pass through as many hands as you wanted to and nobody could alter it because they don't know what the symbols mean. So 2,000 years of church couldn't change the book of Revelations. But in the end, God sends a prophet and says the symbol means this and the symbol means this and the symbol means this and nobody can impersonate it. Hallelujah. It's the book of Revelations and it's written for you. Hallelujah. It is a love letter for the bride of Jesus Christ. It's the time at hand. It wasn't written for them. It was written for you. I got brother Bam directly saying it. It wasn't written for them. It was written for you. That's why in revelation chapter 3 and the 14th verse the Bible said and under the church of the leotans he says it this under the church of the leottheanss under the angel of the church. Unto the angel of the church the word angel means amen messenger under the messenger of the church of the leadyans. Somebody said what does that mean angel? Look in revelations 1 and 16. And I saw in the right hand seven stars and out of the mouth went a sharp two-edged sword. Somebody said, "What does these things mean?" Revelations 1:20 and 20 will tell you, "The mystery of the seven stars, which thou sawest in thine hand, is the seven golden candlesticks. The stars are the angels of the seven churches, and the candlesticks are which thou sawest are the seven churches." So, in the hand of God was seven angels. Now, in Daniel's 70th week, you know, Daniel was placed on time. He was pushed on 70 weeks. But the church, the gentile church was placed on stars. They tell their time by stars. And when the seventh star comes, he's the seventh angel. He's the last star to the age. He is the end time sign to the age. The seventh angel of Revelation chapter 3 is the same angel of Revelation chapter 10 and verse 7. Unseal it in the time of the end. It is an end time seal. It is an end time message. It is an end time event. Now, when this message comes, it comes when this message comes, brother man goes to Revelations the 10th chapter and he says this book, he said this book that's coming into his hand. Now, now watch this. He says this book, he says in Revelations the fifth chapter, you can't read it. You can't touch it. And John has weeped because no man has been able to. But he says, "But there's one standing there that says there is one worthy." There is one worthy. And remember what brother Bram says. You if you listen to it, go back to the breach and listen to it. And brother Bram's coming along and he starts describing this and he said, "Nobody could take this book. Nobody could touch this book. Nobody could have this book." And he said, 'But now there's only one worthy. And he takes a while to prove that no man, no angel. He said, 'Oh, there might be an angel, but he wasn't kin. So, it had to be the man Christ Jesus. And then, Brother Bram steps back and he said, "Now is the time. Let him come forward now." Yes, sir. Or forever hold his peace. Yeah. And the most powerful scripture in the Bible, the Bible said, "And he come forth and he took the book." He took the book at the same time there was a prophet on the earth. Because when he took that book and he started speaking, he was speaking through a prophet. The lamb was speaking through a prophet. Now, now somebody says, "Brother Wayne, what what what is the importance of all this?" Oh, according to Romans the 8th chapter, that in the days when the sons of men would be manifested, when God, sons of God, would come to manifestation according to scripture, the whole creation groanth and wadeth until sons would be born in the earth. that would be manifested, sons of God. Amen. The Bible tells us this, that the creature will be liberated. The earth will set back in its original Eden condition. Amen. When sons begin to be manifested, all that God had lost will be restored in its great masterpiece. It'll be put back together again. You say, "Preacher, what are you talking about?" And I say this, if this message has the power to set the world back in a millennial kingdom, if it has the power to set the earth back and bring Eden on to end the ages and set forth a new dispensation, how much greater is the power of that message to liberate you from your addictions, from your habits, from your struggles, from your cycles? This message is not just theology, but it is a doctrine that will loose you. Hallelujah. Amen. What did John say? The axe is laid at the root of the tree. And there's been doctrines that have been put in your mind and had you held bondage. It held you held. Had made you believe you never were a son. You never could be a son. I'm going to climb my way back to heaven. I'm going to work. I'm going to work. I'm going to work. I'm going to But when the message came, a prophet said, "You always were a son. You always were a son. And the blood has been shed for you." and this message was liberating you. You said, "Preacher, really, what's so important about it?" I'll tell you what's important. That the Bible said them that had their names on the Lamb's Book of Life, Amen. Those names were indelibly written and can't be taken out of here, and sin can't be added in here, and they'll be a part of the rapture. And this message called your name. Glory be to God. I say throw down your baggage. Throw away your popcorn. Throw the pop out of your hand. It's time to go. It's time to get into the revelation of the word of God. It's the flashing red lights. It's the sign of his coming. We are a part of this. [Applause] Stand to your feet with me tonight. We are a part of this. Amen. Thank you. This message is cla but Alex. He claimed us with all of our issues, all of our struggles, all of our tri. Thank God he could claim us all. Amen. Hallelujah. Dallas, when he took you, he took your shame. He took your glory. He took your everything. And he said, "Well, I'm going to shave this off and I'm going to shave that off and I'm going to shave that off, but you're his book." That's right. and you're revealed. No, this won't be revealed till the seventh angel sounds. But in his sounding is our liberating. Amen. In his sounding, the seven seal ends all things. Amen. Our brother Samson Tay ain't with us anymore. I wish you'd knew him. You'd like that guy. I was in Israel with Chrisa was with us there. We was at the pull of Bethesda and he got to preaching on that pull of Bethesda. We were right there looking at it. It was pretty powerful. Brother Sansson was loaded too, you know. He looked over at that pool and he said, he said it like this. He said, "Everybody was waiting to get in that pool. They waiting for the season." He said, "But one day, he said, the one that made the seasons come to the pool." Oh yeah. And he said it was the end of struggling nature. Brother, I'll never forget that as long as I lived, it is the end of struggling the nature you struggle with. This seven seal has come to put an end to it. It's come to put an end to it. This word that has brought forth in this age is your identity. The mystery of who you are and what you're here for and what you're going to do. And I'm so glad we're a part of it. Ain't you? Amen. I'm so thankful tonight. Hallelujah. To be a part of this. Amen. We We thank God for it tonight. Amen. Brother Ben, you got something? Hallelujah. Who I am, Lord. Yes. Who I am. I can see now just who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a [Music] revelation of who I am. Yes. All who I [Music] am. I am. Yes. I can see who I am. The heart of my [Music] sior [Music] is forever. Oh yes. Oh my. Yes. Oh yes. I am I [Applause] am I am I a part of his It's a [Music] revelation of who I am. Oh, of Calary. He died to redeem his lost bride. the king of kings. He became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. [Music] You I can't see [Music] my heart myior part of his It's a revelation of who I am. Oh, glorious victory. Oh, glorious victory and he set me free and made my very thy life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now [Music] I to praise his name. Oh I am Lord. Yes who I am. I can see now. Oh yes, here I [Applause] am. I'm the Lord of his world. It's a revelation of who I am. Hallelujah. Who I am. Who I am, Lord. That's who I [Music] am. I can't see [Applause] now. That's who I am. Oh, my [Music] Sior. Part of his word. It's a [Music] [Applause] revelation. It's predestination. It's a revelation. It's a re It's predestination. It's predestination. It's election. ision of who I am. Who I am. I [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I'm part of his word. It's a predestination. Oh, it's a revelation of who I am. Of who I am. Hallelujah. Sons and daughters of the most high God. Glory. Liberated. The end of your struggling nature. The spirit of adoption's come to remind you and shake you out of your spiritual amnesia. And say, "Come right here and look. Your name was written before the foundations of the world." Hallelujah. You were there even when Adam lost you. So the seven seals redeeming you. All your redemptive rights are in that book. I tell you this message didn't come to take nothing from you. It come to give something to you. Oh, what a powerful what a powerful the message of the hour is so powerful. Stimulating power. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Almighty God, we thank you tonight, Lord. We thank you for the love of Christ. We thank you for the word of life that Lord, what you have placed in this age. We ask you, God, that you would feel hearts and feel minds. And Lord, may you stimulate revelation. Lord, I pray, Father, I pray you fill the lips of every man of God. I pray, Father, you anoint them to preach this message without fear or failure. May you give them courage and strength and anointing. Lord, this is what the waiting bride needs. She needs the faith, Lord, that would change her from one dimension to another. And Lord, it'll only come out of this word. Father, I ask it in the name of Jesus that you would make it real to every heart. Lord, may you bless them. May you touch the sick that's at home tonight. May you give courage and strength to them that are weary. May you lift up the brokenhearted. May you heal the wounded, Lord. Father, I pray that you pour out the joy, the oil of joy upon each life. Father, we thank you for it tonight. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And amen.
