################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Unconquered By The Conquering Rider’ - (Sun 4/27/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Unconquered By The Conquering Rider’ - (Sun 4/27/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWnjfp7rVvU
========================================

Singing I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. [Music] Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. I love you, Lord. Singing [Applause] [Music] You [Music] [Applause] [Music] sing you [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] You love you moments like thee. I live out a song. Oh, I sing out a love song to Jesus. [Music] is my [Music] [Music] I to the Lord. Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] see you. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, you [Music] [Music] my we so love him this morning. Amen. When we were yet unlovable, he loved us. The prophet said it was completely apart from human merit. It was an elective love. He said, "Wherein has you loved us?" He said, "Have you not read that Jacob I loved and Esau I hated before they were ever even born." [Music] Oh, his love. It's so different than the love of man. That's right. But he was so so much love he gave us that he loved us and he begat us in love till we begin to love him. Amen. I I'm so thankful for him this morning and so thankful to each of you and Amen. What a what a tremendous time. Such a such a a good atmosphere and feeling this morning. We so love you all. And I just wonder maybe we just bow our heart for a moment for a word of prayer. Amen. We we just want to go to him this morning. Father, it is such an honor to be able to speak your name among your children. Lord, to see them gathered together on a Sunday morning looking Lord to you for all the grace and the mercy that you give. I'm so thankful for the tender hearts, Lord. For these men of God that you have, the gifts that you have placed here in this assembly, Lord. They desire greatly to take this wonderful word and to speak it out among the people, Lord, and to shed the light of this gospel, Father. It's it's a it's a great burden of our souls and our hearts. And Lord, there's a last one somewhere there, Lord. There's a work to be done. And I I thank you for people of like mind, Lord, for this this gospel to go out and to help and to strengthen, Lord. But we've gathered here this morning, Lord, in this place. And we're asking you that you would just come now, Lord. May the angels of God fill the room. And Lord, may they just stack in here among us and much such faith and such expectation be built in each heart. Lord, may there come an understanding and a revelation. Lord, may you release your anointing to take us higher in your word today, Lord. Father, build faith in our souls to know it's exactly true. Oh God, we're asking you now that you would lead us. Bring a healing to the body. Bring salvation to souls, Lord. Bring faith, Lord. Lord, for rapture. We ask it now in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you this morning. Amen. We want to, if we can, to turn into the book of Revelations, the sixth chapter, the first four verses. And when the lamb had opened one of the seals, and I heard as it was the n the noise of a thunder, one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see." And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that said on him had a bow, and the crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering, and to conquer. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, "Come and see." And there went out another horse that was red, and power was given to him that set thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another, and there was given to him a great sword. God bless his word. As you can be seated this morning, I would like to continue this revelation's contained under the seals. Um I I I I know that each of you are students of the message and I know you uh you know these things. Some of these things are very um repetitive. Amen. But I just want to to draw in a few things this morning. Uh it's here in this part of uh the the opening of the seals. It's this part of the word where brother Brandham is discussing with us the great revelation uh of of this horse rider and its uh and its stages of its ride. And I uh I'm struck of course by the by the uh realities that in each one of these seals that each one of them says that there is a beast that would say come and see. Now, in reading that and in then looking into what we're headed to this morning, when you say the word beast, um it you have to be uh a little definitive with that word. And because of the opening of the seals, now we understand what that word is here in Revelation 6 and how it differs from other places. You find it in the book of Revelations. uh when you're looking at symbology in Revelation chapter 4, when you uh look in the sixth to the 7th verse, you'll find uh that this uh this this particular thing that he's speaking of in Revelation 6 is recorded in Revelations 4. And it said, "Before the throne, there was a sea of glass lacked under crystal. And in the midst of the throne, round about the throne, there were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. And the first beast was like a lion. And the second beast was like a calf. And the third beast was had the face as a man. And the fourth was like a flying eagle. So this word uh beast here in Revelation 6. And one of the beasts say come and see. When he says that word beast there, it actually is speaking here of the four creatures that's around the throne. Now in Revelation chapter 4, brother Bannon will actually teach us this and he'll say this. He says this here where it says in chapters uh talking about the beast. Of course, there's two different ones, right? There is the word atherion which is found in the Greek. Now in English, you hear the word beast, but in the Greek it actually is the word theion which is found in Revelations 13 and also found in Revelation 17 when it describes the beast of the Bible. Amen. The word theionon is a Greek word which means a wild and untamed beast. Brother Bram said there it is wild and untamed. Amen. I love how brother Bam says it. He says untamed. He says woo untamed. In other words, it can't be brought under the word. It can't be brought under the headship. It it's a beast. It's it's it's a theion. But then brother Bram says but here of course it is entitled a zoo which means a creature a four living creatures not the beast of the wild theion but zoo is a living creature. Amen. Now brother Ram says it's best to call them a living creature because they're not angels they're not elders they're living creatures. You could also entitle them basically as an anointing. Now, by reading in Revelations chapter 6, you're going to see four different seals that are introduced by a beast. And each one of these are represented in Revelations 4 as those living creatures. Amen. We know that of course there's four of them. So, it's speaking of an earthly number dealing with humanity. And these powers will reflect in the earth. Amen. The number four is also reflected in deliverance. Amen. Most of the time you're dealing with ones and threes and sevens, but when you get into the number four, you're dealing with with the earth. And brother Ram says, "So it's is dealing with deliverance. It's dealing with the deliverance of the people on the earth." Of course, this was uh what we found out when the son of man descended into the fire in the days of the three Hebrew children. He was the fourth man in the fire. And that's where the deliverance came along. We find that this is the Amen. On the fourth day is when Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead. Amen. And if you're a reader of the book of Joel, you you'll know the Bible prophesies that there'll be a restoration in the last days. And there was four bugs that eat from the tree of life. But there's also four that brings restoration. And brother says, of course, that's justification, sanctification, the Holy Ghost. He said, but that last word is the word. The last stage of it is when it comes back to the word. So when full restoration comes, it comes under the word. Amen. So this is a number of the earth which is speaking of the number of deliverance. If you're a a Bible student and you've watched the tribes of Israel, you know that the 12 tribes were divided in four quadrants or in three quadr in four different quadrants with three in each one. And they would camp around uh the camp. And they would camp in the north four and the east four and in the south four and the west four. Amen. And these were entitled Judah. And they had a big banner of the lion. And then Ephraim would have a big banner of the ox. And Reuben would have a a banner of the man. And Dan in the north would be the eagle. So they would have a flag that would represent their quadrants and they would be they would be aligned this way showing that this this concept that God had of these creatures go all the way back to the garden of Eden when they left the garden of Eden. Remember that God put uh uh uh angels there protecting the way of the tree of life. Those same ones were put amen in the holies of holies on the ark of the covenant protecting something and then the tribes were camping in protection. Now these were all done and also we find them that these are also aligned perfectly in the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. Amen. Showing them that Matthew that great lion. Amen. in if you're a a Bible uh studyer, you'll find out it's amazing even in the chronology of the genealogy of Jesus. Each one of these gospels began with Jesus as a certain way. And remember in Matthew it breaks down the king lineage, showing you that in the beginning he's dealing with the kingship of Jesus being Matthew as the lion, the king. In Mark, he talks about the servant of the public ministry of Christ. Mark is discussing the ox side of Jesus Christ. Amen. Luke is calling him the son of man and he shows the genealogy and how he starts with Adam to show his human side and then John. Amen. He don't start out with any humanity at all. He said in the beginning was the word. And so he begins to show the eagle anointing under that gospel. Amen. Now, what we find then is these these anointings or beasts that are representing the the ages and the revelations. As these seals begin to be opened, every time a white horse rides out, there's also a creature that will accompany that. And brother teaches us that what this is is it's Satan riding out in a ministry. And every time he does, God sends an anointing that will combat what that is, amen, upon it. In Isaiah 59 and 19, brother Bam discusses this scripture with this concept and he said, "So they that fear the name of the Lord from the west and the glory from the rise of the sun. For when the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall raise up a standard against him." Amen. Someone mentioned these things the other day, a couple of them. So, I don't mean to repeat a bunch of this and but I do want to say this that these these these anointings are being sent for the protection of the church or that it would give you a a way to challenge whatever that is that was coming in there. Of course, in that first seal, when that first horse rider went out, we're reading it now with the thunder sounding, the symbols gone. And we know that was the antichrist teachings that was coming out just just after the the Pentecost. 30 years only, Jude started talking about false teachers coming. Amen. Peter started describing the the heresies that would be coming out. If you're a Bible reader, the book of Jude and the second puh book of Peter is almost uh identical because they're under that same line anointing of the ministry of Christ. That was a truth that was coming out against the wolves of Paul and the the the idolatry and the doctrines that were going to coming out. Amen. But you see that the truth of this against the Antichrist teachings, we're dealing with that white horse. But when this when this red horse starts coming out and this this ministry of Satan begins to change, God sends another anointing. And the anointing that he sends is the anointing of an ox which will allow the believers that are coming under this attack from Satan the ability to be able to stand in the midst of the trial, amen, and not fold. I I say friends, I thank God, Amen, that he was able to send an anointing at the right time, at the right age, to be able to challenge, Amen. what it is. Now, Brother Man said, I don't want you to forget this. I want you to examine this. How could a man do anything besides the power of God that has been released to him? How could he do anything except the power of God was released to him? The only thing he can do is to work by the spirit that is among him. And I thank God that he released an anointing. Amen. Amen. An anointing upon the church when it was an age of sacrificial lambs. It was an age of martyr martyrs. It was an age when persecution was coming. Amen. Men were being slaughtered. Amen. And you say, "How could they do it?" Well, they did it because God sent them an anointing to be able to withstand that in that time. Amen. Now, of course, Amen. If you're if you're a studyer, we'll we'll just continue in saying this that that ox anointing came to give them an anointing to withstand the persecutions that was coming. But now eventually that ox will turn into a man and that man then the intelligence of a man like uh Luther and Wesley and Knox and Calvin. Amen. and how they would begin then to be able to take the scriptures and and through through their wisdom and scriptures be able to say and combat that doctrine that had been spread across there. Oh, and them managed look all the way up through there. But as we said the other day, they were just reformers. Amen. And so there's going to be things that William Brandom teaches that's different than Luther and Wesley and Fox uh uh uh Knox and Calvin. And it's because they were reformers. We showed you how, amen, that a reformer like Luther, Amen, a wonderful man of God, but he was still rebuking Israel and saying they needed to be murdered, but he did it because he was a reformer, he was not a prophet. But when a prophet came, how could a prophet speak against the the apple of God's eye? How how could he condemn Israel when it was God himself that blinded Israel and they did what they did? So the mystery would be revealed of how Amen. that God made a way for you Gentiles by blinding Israel. But it would take a prophet to really bring that into reality to the bride in the last days. And that that gets us to this point that that last anointing was going to be an eagle. Amen. He was going to fly up high enough, Amen. to be able to see. He would be prophetic and he would bring eyes to the church. Let me say this. In the last days, amen. In the age that we are entering into, God has chosen this season to open the book of Revelations to the bride of Christ that they might be able to see, Amen. by Revelation the very trail of Satan all the way from Genesis through the book of Revelations until the end. We have seen his trail from the beginning all the way to the end. And I do say what a beautiful revelation that end is. Amen. It make a preacher want to preach thinking about the end of Satan and the annihilation of Satan. And I I I I don't know if you study a lot of theology, but one of the great things that Brother Brandham uh spoke to us that everybody hated the revelation that he brought most people, the denominations anyhow was there is no eternal hell. And and some people were tore up about it. But when I started studying and I I it's one of my favorite revelations. There's no eternal hell. That means that Satan will not be with us throughout eternity. He had a beginning and he will have an end. And I can read you in the back of the book where he is thrown in the lake of fire. And brother Bam said he will be completely annihilated and done away with. Amen. So there is no eternal hell. There is no eternal devil because hell was created for the devil and his angels. But it wasn't created for you. And there's been an eagle that has come to this age to lift this bride up above the denominational teachings and traditions. And and God has given us a a tradition shattering message that would bring revelation to the bride to bring a eagle message to the church of the living God to take our eyes. Amen. To open our eyes to the things which are happening in this age. Listen, I I say this without without uh without any apology. Amen. Only the elect will not worship. Amen. The great image of the beast in the last days. That's right. Everybody else is going to be fooled by that thing. But that elect. Yes. But that elect. Yeah. Have you ever thought about what makes you be able to see the message? You see the message because you're the elect. Do you know why that you won't worship the mark of the beast? Because you see the message. It's not like you had this great ability to figure this all out, but God put something in your heart to believe this message and the message pulled the covers off of denominationalism and showed you the mark of the beast. So, you're standing here today delivered and rapture bound because God gave you the ability to see this message. I say when the enemy comes in like a thud, God will raise the standard of revelation in this bride that she might be able to see. She will not be deceived because God has put it in her heart to believe this message. The eagle, brother Bam says, is revelation and it's deal for the last time. It's the eagle. It's the power of the eagle, a divine revealer of the word of God. Amen. And that's exactly Malachi 4. If you like your Bibles, that's Malachi 4:es 5 and 6. It's Luke 17:30. It's Matthew 24. It's John 14:12. Amen. It's Revelations the 3rd chapter. It's Revelations the 10th chapter. What is it? It's an eagle. Amen. It happens between the sixth and the seventh woe or the third the third the second and third woe and the sixth and seventh trumpet. There comes an angel. a fifth uh the fourth anointing of Elijah coming upon the earth. Amen. To reveal the word to lift us out of tribulation. Amen. Amen. Listen, this message is got a purpose. It's to lift you out of tribulation. Anybody tell you this bride's going through tribulation, they're lying. Come on. It is not the word of God. Yes sir. This message came to lift us out of denomination. Hallelujah. Amen. I tell you, it's a lifting message, isn't it? This eagle power is to call the bride to bring you out of world and traditions of denominations. And even within the very Pentecostal message, there had to be a corner turned that would take us from organization and the age of the church and put us into the word of the bride of Christ. I tell you, there was a corner turned and the prophet of God began to scream, "Come out of her, my people." Amen. And because there will be no eagles in the cage of the unclean bird, won't be no eagles in there. Why ain't there eagles? We were in there, but God sent a message and opened the door. Amen. And said, "House of hell, give way in the name of Jesus Christ, come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her plagues and her fornications." There's been a message. Call us out of there. Do you see what it is? Amen. Now, now, folks, these are just some things that's in my heart. That mighty angel comes down with a covenant, and he has the strength of the covenant angel. He's a mighty angel. He has the ability to call the name of the bride. And from the word of his power, just as Moses was able to break the power of Egypt to deliver the children of Israel, this message has the word of the power of God to deliver this church. It is a word of truth. It is a word of deliverance. It is a word of power. It is a word of anointing that would bring us outside of it. I say this, this bride has heard her theophony call. She has heard that theophonic call that you are not of this world, that you are sons and you're daughters of God. The message is calling. Amen. Bringing us out. Now, I'll say this that we have come to a time. We can announce it and declare it. Amen. that the time is at hand and the unsealing of this book has come that it might combat the antichrist system of this age by the opening of seven seals. If we deny the opening of these seals, we have forfeited our ability to overcome the antichrist. When the enemy comes like a flood, God raises a standard. This is God's answer to the Antichrist system. The opening of these seals is the answer to the Antichrist system. It is the answer to get you and I out of tribulation. It is the answer for our homes, for our families, for our churches. If you want a church, start on the word. Not the word of Luther and the word of Wesley, but the opening of this word church. I believe in a revival, but it's a third pull revival. It's a word revival. It's a restoration of this bride back to the Amen Eden condition of God where he can minister with his people and revelations can come. Oh, I'll tell you this. Amen. When we get we're going to go on further, of course, but I'll say this. Amen. In Matthew 16, Jesus said, "I'll build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. On this rock, I'll build my church." What rock is that? Was it Peter? No. Amen. Was it Jesus? No. Amen. What was that rock then? It's the revelation of who he was. Revelation is what builds any church. It's what builds any life. You're only as strong as your adherence to the revealed word of the age you're living in. If Satan can talk you out of this, it's like a man being talked out of his weapon in the middle of battle because it's the only weapon God has gave you. Listen, let me say this. God gave you the best weapon first. That's right. God don't learn, does he? He don't learn. So, he's not learning what's a better weapon. He knew the best weapon first. That's what he gave to Adam and it would have protected Adam and Eve if Eve would have held on to it. But the moment Eve laid it down, reason and come in and broke it. And if the church of the living God will just hold on to the message, if you'll just hold on to the message, I don't care what soussayer says it, what preacher says it, what denomination says it. If they come against this message, it is coming from the pits of hell to destroy the very power that God has given this church, the power of rapture. Listen, I'll say this. We're coming into the greatest battles that has ever been fought. I recognize that we have an Armageddon coming and there's natural and civil battles going to happen. I get it. Third world war is going to strike. But listen, that's not where we're a part of. We're we're not a part of that battle. We're not here for the last three and a half years of the tribulation. But I'll tell you this. Amen. Our battle is right here this morning. Amen. And I know how we will overcome this battle. We will overcome it by the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony. Confess this message in the face of unbelief, in the face of doubt, in the face of trouble, in the face of problems. We have been given a message that will defeat Satan anywhere, any place, anytime, under any form or any condition. Hold on to your message. Hold on to it with all of your heart. God has given you what will work. Hallelujah. Now, I'll tell you, I don't believe in this in this period of the age that we're living in, now don't don't don't throw me out for saying a few little things like this, but but I don't believe that you're going to see a great sweeping revival like it was in the 40s and 50s. But I see what I see is you're going to see a maturing of the seed. Yes. And because of the glare of another age, people will not be able to see that as a revival. They will look at the revival of other ages and think this one's supposed to be exactly like those ones. But the true revival is the maturing of this people under the message. Come on church. We are not theion untamed beast. We are well taught sons and daughters of God under the anointing of that zoom because we can receive headship. we could receive the word of God in this generation. Now, I believe it's certainly the revival of this age. And while the maturing is happening, I know that there is healing and anointings and powers of every kind. Amen. But it must be done under the word. Amen. Yeah. Now, under this first seal, it's a powerful revelation that Brother Bam is bringing us. And and if you're a if you're a student uh a course of these things, you you you absolutely can see how that the prophet will outline this and and uh he he'll just make it I'll just say it instead of reading all this. I'm going to do this for brother Dallas. Amen. Brother Dallas, instead of just reading it, I'll say it and you'll know it's right. Amen. Amen. The white horse rider, right? The white horse rider was not Jesus Christ. That's true. Now, now that's a definitive thing without reading a lot, without without going through all the quotes. The white horse rider was not Jesus. But it was religious. And the reason it was religious is because the scripture said he went out to conquer and to conquer revealing the intent was to conquer religion to gain his original purpose being that it's not Jesus, it's the antichrist or the devil. Right? And what was his original thing? Isaiah saw it in his heart and said, "Oh Lucifer, son of the morning, why thou fallen from heaven?" Because he desired to have a kingdom greater than that of Michael. He wants to be worshiped as God. Now, there's plenty of people that worship him as the devil, but that that's not what he wants. He wants people to worship him believing they are worshiping God. True. That's what he wants. So that's why it was a white horse is because it was an impersonation of Christianity. It's because it was an antichrist. Now what does that mean? It was an anti-word teaching. Which had of course we we we went through a little deeper on it, but I'll just say it this morning. Which he had a bow and no arrows, meaning he was just a bluff. He's a liar. Yeah, but he he wasn't crowned when he began, but then he took a crown. Now, after he took the crown, then he switches horses from white to red. Now, it's amazing. Uh, I just spent a few days in Rome, so I I' I've got a real firthand look at some of the history of what brother Bram said. And what I found out, we're not bringing nothing new, but the clarity of in which has been said makes me and helps me understand the ripening is it's getting clearer and clearer and clearer until all the obscurity of our own ideas and traditions of the church has been wiped off of it. You know, uh it's amazing here because when you when you look at it, this is divided in three things. And I I'll just say starting with these three things. It's Satan's pattern. Brother Bram calls it just like God has a pattern, Satan has a pattern. So when you're studying the seal book, there's a three things you want to watch for. And brother Bam said the first one of them is Antichrist teaching which Paul mentions and also John here in Revelation chapter 2, it's called Nicicoatan. Right. So the when you when you look at the white horse and you think of the false teaching, brother Bam names it the nicotan doctrine but it but but see it's not a doctrine in the revelation chapter 2. I think it's about the sixth verse. It calls it the deeds of the nickelans. Brother said because it wasn't quite yet a doctrine. It was just a saying. Now be before we go further let's let's let's discover what that was. The nicicoatan doctrine was to conquer the ley. See what that first horse to conquer and to conquer. He was going to conquer the ley by his teaching. Now what's he doing? He's separating the people from the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Now I I never understood quite the depth of the meaning of what that really meant, but this morning hopefully we'll get to it just a little bit. But but you watch this nicicoatin what he's going to do is he means to conquer the ley. It's it's it's it's nic means to conquer. Leotin means leoty. Nicolotin conquer the ley. In other words, there's a holy man and the people. So it separates the priesthood from the people. Now now when did God ever do that? Never. But the Holy Ghost makes us all one. Right? Right. Then there's a gift in our life that places us as pastors, teachers, evangelists, whatever that is, but we're just the same. So it's not one holy man in a pullpit and a bunch of people gathered around, but it's a body of Christ. And the spirit of God is the same on the back row as it is behind the pull pit. It's just operating under a different gift. Now, now, now the prophet is teaching us, of course, at Nicolay. And if you study the history of it, what it was, brother Ran said that the message went in to the to the uh simple homes and things and the slaves and things like that begin to get the revelations and he said they got filled with the Holy Ghost. He said they were just joining and meeting every which way. He said then of course he said then the higher ups started getting it and the bosses of the slaves started getting the Holy Ghost or wanting to get the Holy Ghost. So they started coming to the churches and brother man said then the richer people started moving into the churches like your mayors and he said the high officials of the he in modern day like our our governor would want to come and the mayor wants to come and somebody else wants to come but they don't want to come and after coming a little while they got a little money got a little importance but they don't want to come like it is all of a sudden they start making ideas of change you know wouldn't it be a little better if if we didn't have you know these girls they they you know they're wearing these long dresses And it's, you know, it's a little sloppier. Don't you think we could Don't you think we could fix these things up a little bit? And, you know, this cutting hair thing. What What's the big deal? What's the Why y'all where Oh my. We could We could add 150 200 people if you just forget about that charact care and and why would you ever even say makeup? Why Why you ever even have to mention that at all? Let's just and see what they were doing. And they were trying to change the direction. Now, Brother Mam says this. He said, "And because they were influential and money," he said, "if there wasn't a spirit-led man behind the pull pit," he said, "they would get their way." But I tell you what, if you ever get a spirit-led man behind the pull pit, that devil would die before it ever gets in the door. [Applause] Amen. I I'm going to put a a solid warning to that devil. Don't you ever try to put a bunch of polish on True Word Tabernacle and make it a little better for the world. We're not trying to worldlyize this church. We're trying to bring a sanctified power of God that'll bring liberty and life in the household of God. And yeah, we're going to shout a little and we're going to dance a little. Amen. And somebody's going to have gifts in the body and they might be crying and speaking in tongues and rolling around on the floor. We're not trying to make it more likable for the world. No, that's not our purpose at all. We're trying to get this church in the power of the rapture. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know that everybody's got a better way. Brother said, "God gave a baby to cry." He said, "Of course, you could show a better way through a psychologist." He said, "But it ain't no better way than what God's way is." And I I don't want to get off in all that, but I want to say it like this. The nickel and what they were doing was trying to bring control. Yeah. Now, brother Bram is very depictive in this formal. Trying to bring the formal side. That's what it was about. Nicoleism was the formal side. Now, now you we'll get to some things here. They got to they got to bring the formal side. So, watch this. The first pattern is the nickelan spirit. But that spirit didn't have anything more than a deed or a saying until amen we come to Constantine and they have they have the great Nika council and then they actually then form a religion which we know as the Roman Catholic Church of the Nyian teaching of the trinity and when they did that then they crowned themselves a pope which become a false prophet to that teaching. Yeah. So now you have a man, you have a pope that is issuing the doctrine of the nicicoatin and he's crowned the king of that doctrine. So brother said, "What was the doctrine?" It he said it was the pagan uh the stacking up of leaders like a like a bishop, then a pope, and then he said, "See, they got a hierarchy of leadership." He said, "There it is in that system. That's a pagan way of approaching God." Amen. And they put a crown king over it, which was a false prophet. And you know the final stage of that's the beast, right? The incarnate devil. Amen. But that false prophet by that teaching holds the door open for the devil to become incarnate in the earth the moment the bride leaves the earth. Now that's the three phases that you're going to see. But now watch because what we find then is the switching of this of this horse. It has to do with the persecution of the church. Now, if if you uh and and this is actually one thing that struck me so powerful. I didn't I didn't plan this, but I thought it was amazing that I was in Rome in the middle of this study. And and I and I I I I really started getting the connections while I was there because we had a we had a couple different tours. And one of the tours that we took is we took the tour to the Colosseums uh which was built in the days of Jesus there. I mean, before Jesus, but they've been there since the days of Jesus. And so the coliseums where many of our Christian brothers and sisters were put to the death and and they were fed to lions and killed in the public and under crucifixions. Now Neero himself had another coliseum called the circus of Neero which was made of wood. It's not there today. But the stone one which we were at, there was there was uh there was a significant amount uh of the ruins that is still there where they where they brought the persecution upon the the Christians and it was actually a a town center event to be able to do such a thing to the Christians of that day. Now what what's amazing is is uh well we we got a blessing of having a tour guide because I'm going to say something. Sometimes you can go and you can look at a pile of rocks and if somebody don't know what they are it just that old hillbilly like me it's just a pile of rocks you know it look like some old rocks you know I remember going to Israel and and we we went by a pile just a slab there and a couple old big old uh beams up there and just a I don't know a couple old uh piles of uh like concrete piling just standing up there and a flat floor and I it looked like some kind of building years ago or something and I I looked over at that and wasn't impressed at And the lady who was our guide looked over and says, "Now, right there is where Jesus stood and read from the book of Isaiah and said, "This day, this scripture." I whoa whoa whoa whoa. This is different. Now, see, in in having a guide, you you're going to miss things unless you have see things that's laying in the scripture, such minute things that you've just read over and read over, without a god, it's almost don't have the great meaning. But the moment a prophet begins to pick it up and said now right here is where this great transition took place. Now you recognize he and having a guy this lady that was guiding us actually had two different doctorates in uh in in the ancient history of arts and that coliseum. She did her thesis on two of the little paintings there. So, so we we were pretty um pretty blessed to have her along with us and she don't know where uh she didn't know if we was preacher or Catholic or she didn't know anything, you know, and we just got to talking to her. Well, the moment I realized she was a history student, I professor, I guess, I I had questions. I had all kinds of questions. So, I start talking to her and I said, "Well, I would really like to see uh where, you know, where where Paul was buried and where Peter," because Paul was killed in Rome. You know, that's where they cut his head off. I said, "I'd like to see where that happened." And she goes, "Well, Paul is up in certain certain place. You might be able to get in, but with the Pope funeral and all that, I doubt you can get there, but for sure you can't get in where Peter was." And she goes, "Um, I supposed to tell you this, but you know, in history, we don't have any record of Peter being in Rome until the second century, they wrote something about it." Well, I've been a student of the Brillian Brandon. I already knew that. But when she said it, I said, "Well, you might be a real historian then." I said, "Cuz Peter wasn't in Rome." And she said, "No, he was he wasn't in Rome." She said, "You're a Protestant, aren't you?" I said, "Yes, I am." She tagged me right quick. "Yes, I am. I'm protesting. I'm still protesting the Catholic Church. I'm still a Protestant." Amen. But you but was amazing as we we start walking and she and she does something that she's found my interest very quickly as we look from the from the coliseum. She pointed over on the hill and she says, "This is the imperial hill." And I forget the name exactly, but this is where all the emperors of Rome at one time built and there was no uh structures left, but it was just the heel and a platform. And I said, "Well, that's interesting." She said, "Yeah, but it gets more interesting." She said in 800 certain certain year uh about the mid 800s she said there was one of the popes of Rome actually moved to that hill for the purpose to show the people that they had more than religious power in Rome. So they literally built a house on top of the empire the emperor of Rome. They built a house on top of where his house had been and the pope moved in it to prove to all of them, I'm more than just a pope. Yeah. I'm the I'm a civil leader. Well, when we get to when we get to digging into this, then we we we start realizing, Amen, that history itself, Amen, is lined up with the realities of what a prophet teaches us in these seals. Now, if you if you watch that first horse rider, he's a he's a nickelan and he's riding out and and as he rides out, he's telling his story, but he doesn't have any arrows in his bow, so he can't really do anything about it. But from this time now, from the time that the message went into Rome in the early years, you remember when Paul takes it into Rome and and I'm going to take you on just a real quick uh time journey here. But Paul leaves Jerusalem, goes to Rome. Well, he's still alive right and they start a church in Rome now. There's there's a there's there's Christians now in Rome. And in Rome itself, the the city of Rome, they're built on the ideas of Babylonian mysteries that have been brought to them from the city of Pergamus. You all you all remember that back in the days of Babylon when Babylon was falling, one of the king mystery keepers escaped out of Babylon and run to Pergam. Yeah. and he taught his mysteries of the zodiac and his religion and he taught that religion but the man's name was Adalist and by the time the third emperor named Adalus came along when he died he wieldled his entire kingdom to the Roman kingdom so then Rome took that over and became you you all know Julius Caesar he become the first pontis maximus of of Rome and he became both the keeper ers of the mystery of Babylon and the ruler of the Roman Empire. So Julius Caesar was a reason was great empire in the in history and I don't want to get deep in these things but but the reason I'm saying that is because Babylonian religion was already there and here comes Paul and the Christians and they start teaching the Christian doctrine and one of the emperors get mad at him and run Paul and them off and will kill Paul but then the rest of the believers can't return when y'all figure this is crazy. 13 years they were banned from Rome. So for 13 years, that's pretty significant, 13. For 13 years they wasn't allowed to return to Rome to teach Christian doctrine. And being there was no written manuscripts. What happened in them 13 years is the Babylonian ideas of religion of paganism begin to come into the Christian church and they begin to mingle together. Christianity with a Babylonish religion. So in 13 years by the time the believers got back and they saw the church, it looked nothing like the original church. And they found that Amen. instead of Zeus, they got Peter. They had sacramental altars like the pagans. Amen. And they had turned that Christian church into a hybridization between paganism and Christianity. It got so bad that they started another church. They just said, "Man, there's no fixing this one." Amen. And y'all remember when uh when uh Polycart visited there and he come out of there and he said that she's been married to her idols. In other words, there's nothing we could do to help her. And they pulled out and started another church and that one was only partly developed out. And then they started the third church, which which was back to the original ideas of Peter and Paul. But but that's why that the Roman church or Roman Catholic Church says they're the first church of Rome because they are the first church of Rome. They're the first one to deviate from the truth and pull in paganism. And they never left it. From that day till today they have been engrossed in paganism and and and the ideas of a Babylonian religion right there calling themselves Christians. Now why this gets important is because that the nickelans then see became the formal and the high ups and all of those spiritled Holy Ghost fililled people that had to leave that little group and start their own groups again became the persecuted church. But because because the Roman Catholic had no power, they had to be persecuted in a different way. In other words, that now the pagans was the ones that persecuted. Remember Neero and how he killed all of those Christians? You remember uh Rome Rome burned and brother said Nero burned it and sat there and fiddled, but when he got done, somebody had to be blamed. eventually blamed the Christians and thousands of them was killed for burning Rome and because they was this little odd group. See, they had been made weird. Now, I'm getting to a point here. They had been made weird. They had been made odd jaw oddballs, rejected, pushed out because of their their falling in the spirit and their manifestations of the power of God. They were decided that these are oddballs. They need they need pushed out. And when they got pushed out, you have a formal church that's now persecuting this one, but it don't have the power to do it, but it's doing it in in every which direction. Now, this this goes on until the Roman emperor. Now, these these are some important dates. In 303 AD, there's a Roman emperor, and if I could pronounce his name, I would, but it's it's in your church age book. D I E O C D setlesian. Dlesesian. Thank you. Dlesian brought 10 years of the bloodiest persecution. Now, what he did was, now this is important because we're dealing with persecution of of the Christian people, but it's coming from pagans. It's coming from the Jews. This Roman Empire made a law in 303 that outlawed Christianity. All out the Roman Empire. There can't be any Christianity. And if there is, it would be imprisonment, beating or death. So in 303, they begin to put such pressure, but it was the pagans doing it. Yeah. And this and this rocked right along all the way up until about 313. So 10 years of great persecution. And in 313, this is when the civil war was going on for emperors. And Constantine has this beautiful dream. and he believes he can win the civil war and become emperor if he remember he has a dream we'll paint the white crosses on the shields and the Christians will pray for us and we'll win. So Constantine actually passed a law that legalized Christianity in 313. So watch watch the swing. In 303 it's completely illegal to be a Christian by Roman law in 313. Now the Romans legalize it and people can legally be a Christian. Constantine himself was not a Christian but he acted like he was a Christian. It's called the edict of Milan. Brother Bam said yesterday I was listening very deeply and he said he was a politician not a Christian. Amen. But what he did was is he finally took the pressure off of the believers so as that they would be able to to enjoy amen Christianity and 313. But but the Roman Empire now uh I do y'all do y'all have that picture of the map? That Roman Empire. Now now that Roman Empire, and I don't know if any of you have ever really studied these things, so forgive me if it gets a little slow here, but it it it actually has a point on the left in the green. That's Italy where that star is. That's Rome. So the Roman Empire preconstantine, amen, just has this one star which is the which is the capital of the Roman Empire where he would rule. But there was so much unrest. Everything you're looking at was the Roman Empire. But he began to divide the kingdom in the east and the west. There's three or four emperors that did this. But on the right, this star on the right is is actually the home of the Byzantine Empire. You've heard of the Byzantine Empire. Well, that's that city is in Turkey, which today you call it Istanbul. Yeah. But in the time of Constantine, he conquered that city and changed the name from the Benzanites and put the his own name Constanopople. Yeah. Which became the second Rome. Yeah. It's very important to catch this something I've never really taught on, but it became Constantinople. And in the time of Constantine, this one becomes the imperial capital of the Roman Empire. He moves it from Rome to Constantinople. And now he's ruling. You said, "Preacher, what does that matter?" Because now if if you've ever get around to any of the brother Brandham haters, they'll always tell you Na was not in Rome. Because brother Bam always says the Roman Na 325 the Na was in Rome not in Italy. Yeah. Na is only about 50 miles from that star right there. Because the Eastern and Western Roman Empire was hard to hang on to. And since he had legalized Christianity, Constantine had realized now being a Christian that there was big infractions in the in the churches. But there was these spirit-ledd people with spirit manifestations and then there's this formal group and we can't get them together cuz they all got different teachings on who they believe God is. Some the see these these on the side of the formal held the ideas of polytheism which they got through Babylon. Come on. Only place you'll ever find multiplicities of God in the Bible is in the place of Babylon. And Babylon had made its way into the Christian church. And by 320 AD, Amen. here. Constantine says, "We'll fix it. Let's all get together and talk this thing out." Now, that sounds sensible, don't it? Let's have some diplomacy in the church. Let's let's get this thing put together. And when they get together, they come up with what you call the Nyian Council Trinitarian doctrine. That there I got it right here laying in front of me. Amen. It actually is a is an order that tells you that there is a deity of the father, the son, and the holy ghost. Do you say, "Preacher, what's really wrong with that?" Because they have now taken the name of Jesus away from the church. The prophet of God said, "When David come off of that hill and he had to face Goliath, he said, "You come to me with stabs and swords, but I come to you in the name of the Lord." Is that right? And brother Bon says that's exactly what Moses did when he took that rod and he held it over that sea and it opened up. He said that rod represented the name of Jesus Christ. He said if the devil could ever get the name of Jesus out of the church, he will have her whipped. And look what he's doing. He's taking the name of Jesus out and putting him as a second person of the Godhead or some other deity other than God himself. Amen. The devil was taking the glory of God out of Jesus Christ and putting it on a trinity of doctrine which was no more than paganism and Babylonian religion. And in AD 3:25, Amen. Brother Bam said, "There it is." He said, "That's why in the Pergamus age, if you're if you're studyers, go to the Pergam church age." And this is very detailed in there. But in the Pergam age, Brother Bam said, "That's why it was called married." He said because here in AD 3:25 in Nika they married the church and the state together and they married Christianity with paganism. There was a marriage between Christianity and paganism and it's still married today in the form of the Roman Catholic Church. Don't tell me I stood there last week and looked at their idols. I seen their pictures. I seen all of this idolatry that they've been selling the world for years. And the Bible says the kings of the earth would drink of the wine of her fornication. And all of these presidents have swallowed this paganism. And they had drinken till they're drunk with the with the with the royalty of the Roman church. But it ain't nothing but the pits of hell being dunked out into the world to take the glory of Jesus Christ and put it in a man. No wonder when they built the altars for their pope, they set him up and put above his head. Amen. Instead of God, the son of God, they gave you a pope. [Music] Now, these two kingdoms, what's this? Watch this. This is east and west. And that is the reason why the na council comes up. Now, give me that other picture real quick if you can. Now, I know these are deep, but I'll put it on the I'll put it on the tape and you can go back listen to it if you want. Uh the if you go back the history of this picture, I dealt with it heavily and it's on the YouTube that we have here at the church. It's it's Daniel chapter 2 dealing with the stone of judgment. Amen. Now, watch this because now we're This is Daniel the 2 chapter. How many you Bible readers? That's Daniel 2 on the left and this is Daniel 7, I believe, on the right. Daniel 2 is the that's the Nebuchadnezzar, right? Yeah. That head of gold is Babylon, right? Right. Then we have the Meo Persians. Remember the meeting Persians, the ones that came in, destroyed Babylon, delivered the children of Israel and they went and built the new Jerusalem, uh the new temple under Zerubabel. Then the Grecian Empire. Now Daniel predicts these all before they happened. Then you have the Grecian Empire which is the thighs of the breast Alexander the great and he rose up and done exactly as a scripture. But the Roman Empire is the first time the image has two legs. Now I just showed you the two legs of the Roman Empire and they developed in two different legs and you see the two legs of iron. So they for for hundreds of years they could rule the world by iron force. When we say the world, that was the world at that time. And they would they would rule by iron force. Those legs, look, they're just iron legs. But when you get down to the bottom, do you see the feet? They begin to be mingled with iron and clay. Now, what it happens is is that today, if you said Rome rules the world, nobody believe you because the Roman Empire was broke up and done away with years ago. But the Roman Empire broke up and was done away with. But the Holy Roman church took its place and became both in east and west. Now you don't have east and west. You don't have it like Rome and then you have east and bull. Now you have the west which America is the west and then you have the east which is communism. Amen. Today we have that division. But the the iron and clay in the feet of this image deals with that Rome will be in every nation under the earth. Now, can you imagine that the pope has influence in every nation of the earth? Isn't that amazing how that he could how he could have rulership, but he's doing it through religion. Now, now folks, this is this is not just um this is not just something that is a fly by night thing, but on them feet are 10 toes, right? Five in the left, five in the east. Do you know now I'm I'm not a student. I just read some of these things, but but I'll say this. Do you know the world right now is divided into 10 different fractions? There's a list of them. But on them on them 10 toes, Brother Bram said, there's a big toe to every foot. There's a foot in the east and there's a foot in the left. And he said the big toes on those feet was revealed in the days when William Brandon was on the earth. How many knows that? Brother Brham said we were watching a meeting the other day between the east and the west. America and Russia with their groups were sitting in the same room and he said Kruch got mad and took off his shoe and beat it on the desk. Now when he took his shoe off, what did he do? He revealed his foot and brother Ben said, "Watch that." He said that Eisenhower, he says it means clay and or it's opposite, isn't it? Eisenhower means iron and Kruch means clay. He said, watch, we see the two big toes of Daniel's image right there standing in the same room and one of them beating her shoe upon the desk. What's he saying? Brother Bam said in the days of those big toes, there would come a message that would reveal the whole thing. Now, now folks, Amen. You say, "Preacher, why are you talking this way?" Because the revelation of the eagle is what brings reality that this denominational system man is trying to sell for God is not of God. It's the mark of the beast. It is the image of the devil. It's not a form of worship that belongs to the church of the living God. Now, now, now, now you can see this. And if you watch on the right side, those are the same kingdoms. like you represent America as a as a woman, then you represent her as an eagle. There's symbology and those on the right are the same symbologies. You can let that go for a moment. Now, now what we're seeing then is back there under that first horse, you're seeing that there was no power to kill them, but they finally got him a pope in AD25 and they made a nice council. And now they have organized religion for the first time. Yeah. And under this organized religion, it takes a name of the Roman Catholic Church in AD 3:25. Amen. This is exactly when this is passed. And now Constantine believes he has settled the problem between the east and the west. So he is able to make a a concessions and and and you give up this and you give up that. But you know what really happened was it was the feast of Bale Peor and brother Bram said if you're if you're a Bible reader he said if you're watching the Bible he said the nickelans was Moab in the story and he says watch the the the the nickel is the Moab. He said the paganism of course it's the it's the the feast and he said then here Balam acts as the one that is the prophet to instruct it. Yeah, it is. It is. Constantine has brought together paganism with God's religion. Yeah. Now, I want to show you something. Now, it has doubled down on the idea that these spirit-led men are heretic. Because now we have a religion that represents true Christianity according to the throne of Rome. Now you say, "Preacher, that don't matter." Have you ever read of the Edict of Thessalonia? Hey, an in Edict of Thessalonia. Now, I'm going to watch you. Watch these dates again. 303 illegal by the Roman Empire. In 313, legalized Christianity by the Roman Empire. In 3:25, a forming of the Roman church by the Roman Empire. But then we find out not but a few days after that in 380 we find out that there's an edict of Thessalonia that actually makes the church of Naa the only way to worship. I I actually have a translation of this edict. I think it's important. Can I read it to you? Yes. It is our desire that all various nations which are subject to our clemency and moderation should continue to profess that the religion which was delivered to the Romans by the divine apostle Peter. It has preserved by faithful tradition and is now professed by the pontiff Demus and Peter bishop of Alexandria a man of apostolic holiness according to the apostolic teaching and the doctrine of the gospel. Let us believe in the deity of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit in equal majesty and in holy trinity. We order the followers of this law to embrace the name of Catholic Christians. But as for the others since in our judgment they are foolish madmen. We decree that they shall be branded with ignominous name of heretic and shall not presume to give their convictions the name of churches. They will suffer in the first place the chastisement of divine condemnation and in the second punishment of our authority which is accordance to the will of heaven of what we should decide to inflict. It was the pagans that outlawed the religion. But now the devil got in religion. Yeah. And made his own religion. And now the Christians who had been persecuted had now become the persecutors. You say, "Preacher, well now, now why is this so important? I'm I'm I'm a little bit in theology. I I like to study the history of things to see that brother's not just saying things. Right. These things are are are very logged in history in the history of the church. And and and it wasn't too long ago, I was reading a little article and and and one of the uh Lutheran churches were just praising St. Augustine of Hippo. And I was thinking, my goodness, don't they know? Don't Don't they know? Now, now St. Augustine of Hippo amazingly became the emperor just shortly after or he wasn't the emperor he was the influencer just shortly after this uh edict of Thessalonica and it was his own teachings that caused the death of all the Christians. Now it wasn't just it wasn't just that he went out and said these all people need to die. No, that wasn't the way it happened. What's the devil? Remember Jesus said to his disciples, there will come a time when they will kill you believing right they are doing a service for God. Now the church itself has passed a law that commands the people to worship God under the trinitarian doctrine of the Nyian council and carry the name of the Catholic. St. Augustine of Hippo was immediately now if you if you follow his life, Augustine wasn't a Christian originally. He was a professor of rhetoric. Yeah. Now, I've heard a lot of rhetoric in my life, but let me let me give you a definition of rhetoric. It's called the art of persuasion. When he was a pagan, he was a professor of the art of persuasion. He taught for a living how to persuade people. So when he got saved to become a Christian, he believed that the art of persuasion ought to be used for Christianity. And he was a very a very easy guy. He believed in conversion like this. But he became very uh uh very uh how can I say it very discouraged with his lack of ability to spread this gospel as he was preaching it. and he got upset and began to change and found in the scripture where the Bible said in the last days the supper of the king's son was set and thou art to go out into the highways and the byways and compel them to come. So his scripture was to compel them to come. Now compel amen to you and me it actually means to preach the gospel to to say to them you need to come. But to them, compel meant. Amen. If a man is burning in a burning house and you run in and he don't want to come out, if you took a club and hit him in the head and carried him out, he would be saved for whatever reason. So he took Paul's teachings that a person should be turned over their body to the devil for the saving of their soul. And he picked up the teachings of different scriptures and by it began to say, amen, that, oh, I can't convert you, but I can make you so scared of persecution that you'll be converted. And by that, amen, from the time of the passing of that law in 380 all the way up to the 1500s, that's where brother Bam said 68 million Christians were killed by the sword under the teaching of St. Augustine Hippo. Now you say, "Preacher, it don't matter what we teach." It does matter how you approach the gospel because he approached it in such a way that those spirit-led men became heretics. That that that manifestation of the Holy Ghost, it was a heretic idea. And you ought to be killed for it. Listen, let me say this. That doctrine still lives today. That doctrine still lives today. Why do you think they threw them out in the early 1900s of their denominational churches? Because of the manifestation of the spirit and would be coming to the church. But man said they would shoot them with bullets. Stand there and shoot them with bullets because they were holy rollers. He said, "Oh, but he said them bullets would hit their clothes and fall off in the floor." Yes, sir. Because they were worshiping God under the power of the spirit. Amen. What we're looking at is that that devil is now getting off of his white horse of innocence and he's getting on a red horse where he's going to carry a sword and he's going to take peace from the earth. Now he's doing it under a Christian religion. You say, "Brother Wayne, what what what what this is all hundreds of years ago." I don't have time to read it, so maybe we'll get to it later. But these are hundreds of years ago. Why is this so important this morning? Because the Bible tells us, amen, that the image of the beast will exercise the same power as the beast that was before it. And we seen Jesus told him what was going to happen. And it happened exactly the way he said it would take place. And we have been received a warning from God in this last day that there will be an image rise up to that same beast that was in AD 3:25 taking its doctrine and it will be known to us as a Protestant denominational churches in the last day and they will persecute everybody that don't come under that trinitarian doctrine in the last day. Now preacher, you say, "What are you talking about? They've already kicked us out. They've already made us heretics. We They can't fellowship with us already. But listen friends, there is a persecution coming. There's a tribulation coming where they're going to drive out that foolish virgin and they're going to tear it to pieces. Oh, but that eagle has come among us. And he said, "Oh, before it gets started, God's going to take this bride up off of the earth." Do you see the history? The history explains it explains the reality of what a prophet was teaching directly. Yeah. Now, when's the last Protestant preacher that you heard say denomination is the mark of the beast? William Brandham. In Matthew 13, it said just before the end time that they would be bundled for the burning. Whoever said Baptist and Methodist and Lutheran and Presbyterians and are all the same. They would they would argue to the end of the world that they're different. Yeah. Yeah. But the prophet said, "Every one of them are the same because they're birthed out of the organization of their mother, the harlot." [Music] Organization. See, it birthed them out. Brother Brandham pulled them all together and laid you know that there was a beast. And now here's the image of that beast. You said, "Preacher, why you say it?" Because brother Brandham came to the earth to declare this to you and I. Come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her fornication. What was he doing? He was calling you out of the system. Now, those systems are shooting this message. They're shooting that prophet. They're doing everything they can to Amen. Now, don't you think, Amen, that some of these critics don't have the backings of denominations and everything else. Brother Man was wrong. He's wrong on this and he's wrong on this and he's wrong on this. Amen. I tell you what, they want him to be wrong, but he's not wrong. And he warned this church of the living God against organization. Don't you ever organize. Come on, church. It ain't a long ways from the message. Organizations tried to come right in among us. Amen. They've tried to make us a new capital. And I know it ain't going to be popular, but it's the truth. They've tried to make it from Rome all the way to Jeffersonville and give us a new headquarters of how to worship our God. But I believe the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. And we will worship in liberty. We will worship in the spirit of God. We will preach this Bible and its truths before the children of God. We will not be conquered. We will not be conquered. So, preacher, they'll throw you out. It's all right. I've been thrown out of better. Come on. There's a message running in among the church of the living God. Come out of her organizational system. Let's all get together and talk this out and figure out and we can get this doctrine all worked out. I don't want nothing to do with it. I want nothing to do with a bishop over the teaching of true word tabernacle and somebody off somewhere telling me, "Don't you preach it like this and don't you preach it like that." We will preach it according to the dictates of the Holy Ghost that comes through this Bible. It is a Roman doctrine to try to put power over this church. You pastors need to sit down and play a tape. It's Roman Catholic doctrine to try to employ power over this pull pit. There is but one that has power over this pull pit. It is the power of our Lord Jesus Christ who is the only God who is the only man that is the intercessor between God and man. Amen. If you get a good look at organization and it's and what it done throughout the ages, then you can understand why men of God will flee it like the plague. That's right. Well, you're not cooperative. No, I'm not. Amen. I'm not cooperative at all. Yeah. Because because they're going to call us heretics for the purpose to persecute. If I can call you something bad, you know, brother Bam said that's what they did with Jesus. They called him every dirty name, every filthy name. He said, "Bo, they had that going, didn't he?" He said they had that going among them so much that when Jesus come in the room, not a one of them Pharisees would wash his feet cuz they didn't want to be identified with him because of the name they put on him. But there was one woman rent the whole thing. She said, "I don't see him the way you see him." To me, he's the Messiah. He's the son of God. He's the prophet Moses prophesied. And he went, she went right to those feet and cleaned up his reputation. But brother, it cleaned up hers, too. Amen. And while she was washing his feet, he she heard the words, "Go and sin no more. Thy sins be forgiven you." I pray this morning while I'm washing the feet of the message of the hour that there's a power comes in this room that'll bring forgiveness of sin and forgiveness of Amen. and bring life into the hearts of the church. Listen, friends, this this is this is not a game. Come on. Brother Maram said, "There'll come a day there's people that'll believe this so strong they would give their life for it." I believe I'm looking at people like that right here this morning. Yes, sir. Unconquered by tradition. Unconquered by man-made religion. Free. Free. Thank you. So, Brother Wayne, it it answers questions, a lot of questions when you start studying it. If you got questions, it'll answer a bunch of them for you. when you get back there and you read brother Bram saying that Babylon is the only thing in the Bible that types denominationalism and Babylon was started by I won't preach it because I want to get in it later but Babylon was started by Kush and his son Nimrod made it go across the world but you know what it was it was a forced worship it was a forced worship do you see that that on that horse rider do you see that the pagans were forcing. Yeah. Then the Christians were forcing. It was all it was force. It was it was compliance and force. You come you come under this showing you it was from the devil. Brother Ram was so against it. He didn't even like the alter calls the way they were doing them. Yes, sir. Somebody said, "Brother Ram didn't believe in alter calls." He did believe in alter calls. He believed you could come right up and get the altar and pray. Yeah. But he he was so against the idea that somebody would go out and get a hold of somebody and tell them they need to come to the altar. He said, "You'll make them 10 times harder to win to Christ." Amen. Because we It's not force. That's why when you see somebody forcing people to worship a certain way, it's not it's not force. This is not force. And you've heard me say it a million times. I don't know why I'm saying it again today, but dance or don't dance. It has nothing to do. It's not us. It's not up to dance, don't dance. That that's called force. Amen. Amen. This message come to bring liberty. Amen. Bring revelation. Amen. You do you see it was a it's a it's a forced it's a forced thing that come up on Babylon. And and and you you'll see it happen. You'll see you'll see Nimrod and Kush and their and their religion and how that it became a forced thing. And brother Ram said something very beautiful. He said see what happened is Nimrod became the interpreter and the confuser of the language thereby bringing separation among the people. Do you see somebody's asked once in a while they say well why can't you walk a certain way? Why can't you walk with but when someone brings interpretation to scripture and then demands me to walk with that? Yeah. Right. How can we walk with anything? Right. But what a prophet taught. Yes. Now you you you got to be real careful right here because this is a very powerful area. Everyone should be able to hold within their heart their conscience and every preacher should preach the dictates of their heart. But when someone begins to force another group to believe it like this, you're going right back to Babylon. Yes, sir. Right back. Yeah. And if there wasn't a spiritled man in the pulpit Yeah. Yes, they get their way, right? Yeah. So, well, it's it's heretic. It's it's y'all a bunch of heretics. You can call us anything you want to. Amen. But we will worship God in the way that men call it heresy. Stand to your feet with me this morning. I've took you on a bit of journey. I hope it had been How many of you have a a clearer understanding of the east and west of the Roman Empire? that there were two capitals to Rome. Yeah. The Byzantine Empire we all call it was just the Roman Empire. Yeah. Ruled from Constantinople. Yeah. It was great struggles. And that's why you hear about, you know, sometimes three or four emperors at the same time. You think what? How's the all these guys? It's because there were different rulerships at the same time because the kingdom was so expansive. But that same thing lives today. It runs through every organized religion bringing force, control, dominance, to take away the liberty to just believe God. I've had people say things, brother Brown, teach certain thing, they can't understand it, and they well, they'll just, man, they'll pile up on you, you know, and how can you believe that? Well, I have seen vindication. One day there was John 6 and 66. It's a powerful number, isn't it? Three kinds of believers that preached out of John 6. in John 6 and 66. That's when when they started leaving them because Jesus said something they didn't understand. He said, "Lest you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part." And they started leaving. And Jesus looks around at Peter. He would would you go also? And brother Bram says, you know, Peter, he didn't understand that no more than they did. He said, but he had saw vindication. Yes. So, it wasn't what was said, it was who was saying it. And once you see vindication, you may not understand everything you hear, but you know who's saying it, brother and I were discussing yesterday, just some of these little areas, it sometimes brings uh misunderstanding. Somebody don't understand this way or this way. Y'all remember when Bud Southwick and Brother Bram killed that grizz that caribou up in Canada? He killed it way up there and they were carrying that 42 inch caribou down the side of that mountain miles. Brother Josh sitting there we we carried out his his elk that time. Remember remember packing out that head and how heavy that thing was. Can you imagine packing that caribou all the way out that mountain? Brother Bram actually says it. He said, "Bud carried it a while, then I carried it a while." He said, "Bud carried a while and I carried while Brother Bram's trophy, but Bud helped him carry it." See, there's sometimes you come to points in the message that you don't know how to explain. Sure. And somebody said, "What about that?" Well, I just take the trophy, hand it to brother Brandham, and let him carry that and just say, "I don't know. It's what he said." you just move right on. Because someday he'll make it clear to you and I I pray that something be said this morning to inspire you. But I want I want y'all to know something without any shadow of doubt. This message is right. Satan has tried to take your worship to himself and a prophet pulled the covers off so he couldn't. Oh, I love him this morning. Don't you? Don't you? Brother Ben, you have something.
